Some analysts see it as a potential counter to Chinese influence.
Some analysts see it as an erosion of the concept of federal law being upheld as supreme.
Some analysts see last week s spurt of deals as an aberration.
Some analysts see last week's spurt of deals as an aberration.
Some analysts see some air being let out of a bubble here.
Some analysts see such a development as an attempt to move out from under the U.S. shadow.
Some analysts see that as a harbinger of tougher times for the whole U.S. economy.
Some analysts see that percentage going even higher.
Some analysts see the hardware becoming a major platform for Internet access in the home.
Some analysts see the move as a bargaining ploy.
Some analysts see the policy as a drag on Malaysia's growth.
Some analysts see the slowdown accelerating unless the economy itself reverses course.
Some analysts see the strong platinum price providing a sound base.
Some analysts seem to think so.
Some analysts soldier on regardless and look for consistency among the methods.
Some analysts speculate that consumers are simply adapting to the technology's learning curve.
Some analysts still forecast a failure of that system.
Some analysts suggest economic motives.
Some analysts suggest it is already in the process of undergoing a major transformation.
Some analysts suggest that the vehicle's sheer profitability is a factor.
Some analysts suspect the bomb was laced with cyanide that failed to ignite.
Some analysts take a much stronger position.
Some analysts tend to add the costs of atomic demolition munitions and battlefield nuclear weapons.
Some analysts think it's a bad move.
Some analysts think low personal saving signifies dangerously low levels of capital accumulation.
Some analysts think pure-play Internet retailers won t last.
Some analysts think so, but other groups are more confident.
Some analysts think so.
Some analysts think that cultural similarities play only so much of a role.
Some analysts think that grain fed to livestock can buffer price rises.
Some analysts think that's a sweet deal.
Some analysts think the marriage is badly thought through.
Some analysts think the technology is easy to replicate because it is just a pager.
Some analysts think the vision is a pipe dream, however.
Some analysts think they've seen such a strategy at Palm, maker of the eponymous handhelds.
Some analysts think what happens is that a fragmented market turns inward.
Some analysts travel to visit clients.
Some analysts use a family of approaches termed conjoint analysis to seek similar information.
Some analysts view the situation as the start of another economic crisis.
Some analysts wonder how much longer it can afford to keep growing.
Some analysts wonder whether it's time to batten down the hatches.
Some analysts worry about the effect of the case on Internet free speech.
Analystical geometry provides a graphical display of mathematical equations.
Analytic ability is an indispensable element of a successful public administrator or policy analyst.
Analytic applications are equivalent to the application part of the data warehouse software market.
Analytic applications are similar, but they are pre-packaged and are simpler and faster to deploy.
Analytic applications can provide the operational basis on which to decide what steps to take.
Analytic applications offer pre-built solutions to complex business problems.
Analytic capability includes the critical sense to spot flaws in complex theory.
Any analytic category is left unitary .
All analytic claims are subject to revision in light of some experience.
Analytic Comments are short analytical summaries of the assigned readings for one class meeting.
Analytic commentary is, however, only a poor way to get to know the works of any composer.
Analytic elements provide the company's business intelligence.
Analytic engines search for events that typify security problems andanomalous activity.
Analytic expressions show very good agreement with the exact ones for a wide range of parameters.
Analytic functions are continuous.
Analytic functions are functions.
Analytic functions are infinitely differentiable.
Analytic functions have derivatives of any order which themselves turn out to be analytic functions.
Analytic geometry combines algebra with geomety by introducing coordinates.
Analytic geometry combines the generality of algebra with the precision of geometry.
Analytic geometry is geometry
Analytic geometry is geometry.
Analytic geometry is introduced.
Analytic geometry is the study of geometry using algebraic methods.
Analytic history is as much an organized, graphic device as a wargame is.
Analytic history is what a wargame was before it became a game.
Analytic history is written with non-linear use in mind.
Analytic ideas are likely to be of three varieties.
Analytic intelligence is the only variety adequately measured by psychometric tests.
Analytic issues are secondary.
Analytic judgments are all a priori , proceeding from the analysis of concepts alone.
Analytic languages lack affixes and other types of inflectional and derivational morphology.
All analytic methods assume there is no occlusion between the source and the receiver.
Analytic model is quite complicated.
Analytic models describe the system with a set of equations, and are often stochastic.
Analytic models predicting speedups in parallel platforms are notoriously difficult to obtain.
Analytic philosophers ignore and are unaware of the full scope of the history.
Analytic philosophy attempts to clarify, by analysis, the meaning of statements and concepts.
Analytic philosophy fits the classroom environment, but is ignored outside academia.
Analytic proofs are also involved.
Analytic prose incorporates a good deal of information.
Analytic redundancy can be and has been applied to software systems.
Analytic rubrics identify and assess components of a finished product.
Analytic shapes are more easily recognizable and converted to features such as holes and fillets.
Analytic skills are also useful.
Analytic skills are important.
Analytic staff are available to answer technical questions on a consulting basis.
Analytic statements are true based solely on the meanings of the words involved.
Analytic studies test hypotheses about exposure to risk factors and a specific health outcome.
Analytic syllogisms are either necessary or probable.
Analytic techniques used are varied and multi-disciplinary.
Analytic thinkers tend to focus on details when processing information.
Analytic thought is hard.
Analytic tools do help.
Analytic tools introduced include cost-effectiveness analysis.
Analytic truth is something that has traditionally been a bit difficult to address.
Analytical ability is essential.
Analytical accuracy depends on physical and geometric condition of the analyte sample.
Analytical applications are much easier to implement and use when data is consolidated.
Analytical applications provide the critical information that yields business insight.
Analytical applications require a clean store of customer information to perform at full potential.
Analytical approaches are often too coarse , ignoring detailed and dynamic situations.
Analytical articles explore legal trends, emerging issues, and strategies.
Analytical balance is balance
Analytical balances are also available to allow accurate standards to be made.
Analytical bias is indicated by the degree to which D differs from zero.
Analytical capabilities are available for determination of a wide range of water contaminants.
Analytical centrifugation measure the rate that proteins sediment.
Analytical chemists analyze compounds.
Analytical chemists are always in search of selectivity.
Analytical chemists design new scientific instruments and develop methods for analysis.
Analytical chemists develop new techniques and instruments for analyzing unknown substances.
Analytical chemists perform analyses, make chemical measurements, and design and build instruments.
Analytical chemists study what substances are made of.
Analytical chemists tend to overlook X-ray techniques.
Analytical chemists use microprocessors to control instruments, collect data, and analyze results.
Analytical chemists use xenon compounds as oxidizing agents.
Analytical chemistry involves analysing and identifying trace elements.
Analytical chemistry is a booming field and can only grow.
Analytical chemistry is a particular strength.
Analytical chemistry is a science and technology experiencing rapid growth and change.
Analytical chemistry is a very practical science.
Analytical chemistry is academic journals.
Analytical chemistry is an important component of all areas of the pharmaceutical sciences.
Analytical chemistry is concerned primary with the composition of substances.
Analytical chemistry is concerned with determining the composition of substances.
Analytical chemistry is involved with identifying and measuring the quantities of such substances.
Analytical chemistry is the branch of chemistry that is concerned with the composition of matter.
Analytical chemistry is the separation and analysis of substances.
Analytical chemistry is woven into the courses in the other four areas.
Analytical chemistry looks at the qualities of substances, and their composition.
Analytical chemistry looks at which chemicals are in things.
Analytical chemistry relies on the know-ledge of the analyst.
Analytical chemistry requires a broad background knowledge of chemical and physical concepts.
Analytical chemistry uses ion exchange in chromatography.
Analytical criticism helps.
Analytical criticism interprets the text and includes the reader's response to the text.
Analytical curve is non-linear.
Analytical data are increasingly in demand for environmental, water, metals and clinical studies.
Analytical data are only as good as a method's least precise operation.
Analytical detachment is only a part of true understanding.
Analytical engines are 'ere and the age of portability is on.
Analytical equipment includes gas and liguid chromatographs with various detectors.
Analytical error is one-sigma standard deviation.
Analytical evaluation is fast and exact.
Many analytical formulas exist which are supposed to shed light on various aspects of boat design.
Analytical functions start working on complex numbers.
Analytical geometry is the study of geometry using algebra and the Cartesian coordinate system.
Analytical information is required for generalisation of data.
Any analytical information derived from visitor statistics is used solely for internal purposes.
Analytical laboratories can determine whether the caulking compounds contain PCBs.
Analytical laboratories perform diagnostic tests.
Analytical learners crave facts.
Analytical methods are complicated and require good mathematical skills.
Analytical methods provide closed-form solutions in only certain special cases.
Many analytical methods work well in three dimensions, but fail in two dimensions.
Analytical models are highly dependent upon simplifying assumptions.
Analytical models can be useful in assessing public policy means of preventing and resolving crisis.
Analytical models use math to explain simple linear relationships.
Most analytical models assume such a condition.
Many analytical people are focused on what is happening in their own head.
Analytical performance is assessed as a running score derived from three surveys, ie.
Analytical precision is determined by the analysis of two separate aliquots of sample extract.
Analytical problem solving means more than number crunching.
Analytical problem solving skills are essential.
Any analytical problem has many solutions.
Many analytical problems are peculiar to paleontology.
Analytical procedures are available upon request.
Analytical procedures are the same regardless of the sample being tested.
Analytical procedures require strict quality control measures to support results.
Many analytical procedures involve hazardous reagents and products that result in hazardous waste.
Analytical processing is unavoidable.
All analytical products contain inferences, but in some reports, the logic is spelled out.
Analytical psychologists investigate the workings of the human mind through psychoanalysis.
Analytical psychology is seen as different from medical psychology.
Analytical reports are available to paid membership only.
Analytical reports are due today.
Analytical reports assist the financial institution in loan determination.
Analytical research demands high-level training in economic theory, statistics, and mathematics.
Analytical results are the product of any analytical laboratory.
Analytical results can be numeric, short text comments, or lengthy text narratives.
Analytical results show that the system is effectively removing contaminants.
Analytical science needs concrete objects.
Analytical services are also available.
Analytical services cover chemical, microscopy and microbiological analysis.
Analytical services provided include chemical, biological, microbiological analyses.
All analytical services are subject to a service charge.
Analytical simulators use mathematical equations to predict network and application performance.
Analytical skills are also very helpful.
Analytical skills are essential.
Analytical skills are very important in our work.
Analytical solution exists only for some oversimplified cases.
Analytical solutions are available only for simple systems.
Analytical solutions are available only in specialized and limited niches.
Analytical solutions show that the fluid remains substantially nonuniform inside the burst.
Analytical solutions turn information into knowledge.
Analytical staff receive the mail and answer it daily.
Analytical standards are prepared in carbon disulfide.
Analytical standards are prepared in the desorbing solvent.
Analytical statements differ from descriptions of the work of art.
Analytical studies involve case-control studies and cohort studies.
Analytical tables compare PPPs, price levels and real expenditure between countries.
Analytical testers create diagrams, matrices, and outlines.
Analytical testing is one part of that process and is frequently contracted to outside laboratories.
Analytical testing is performed on every batch of finished draught and bottled product.
Analytical testing is the most conservative method for waste characterization.
Analytical texts draw from new historicism, cultural studies, psychoanalysis, and postmodernism.
Analytical theory treats ideas as word structures divorced from any larger reality.
Analytical things are incapable of depicting quantum reality.
Analytical thought is necessary for dealing with complex data and situations.
Analytical tools allow faster and more accurate design optimization.
Analytical tools are necessary to make sense of the myriad of data collected by biologists.
Analytical understanding is used to introduce a new kind of numerical processing of the source term.
Analytical variables are factors which influence the analytical procedure.
Analytical work continues.
Analytical work is completed in two days.
An analyticity is a property
Analyticity is a stricter property than differentiability.
Analyticity is similarly the property of being analytic.
Analyzed data is displayed by the surface unit on digital readouts for interpretations.
Analyzed data is formatted and presented in a meaningful way.
Analyzed data related to unpaid leave, race national origin of employees, and disciplinary actions.
Analyzed failure reports in an effort to find root causes.
Analyzed job analyses based on content themes.
Analyzed market needs.
Analyzed population needs as well as college capabilities.
Analyzed results provide an additional basis for decision making.
Analyzed user needs to formulate enhancements to improve efficiency and quality.
An analyzer is an instrument
Analyzers are effective die attachment testers.
Analyzers are instruments.
Analyzers become bankers, accountants, police detectives, statisticians, brokers.
Analyzers capture all packets, or specific packets defined in a filter, into a trace buffer.
Analyzers measure beam position, Gaussian fit, ellipticity, optionally relative power and more.
Analyzers occupy the middle ground between defenders and prospectors in every aspect.
Most analyzers already have capture filter selections for different protocol types.
Most analyzers discard data to save space and increase performance.
Some analyzers are barely luggable, while others are easily carried about.
Analyzes activity reports to assess program effectiveness and to formulate changes.
Analyzes blood specimens for alcohol and other volatiles.
Analyzes communication skills in the direct sales industry.
Analyzes community needs.
Analyzes computer reports to monitor sales, voids, shortages and financial data.
Analyzes customers needs and recommends products that best meet customers requirements.
Analyzes data does all the calculations.
Analyzes improvement needs.
Analyzes plant features that result in useful products.
Analyzes system failures beyond the expertise of the service technicians.
Analyzes test runs on computer to correct or direct correction of coded program and input data.
Analyzes tissue specimens from animals suspected of exposing humans to rabies and plague.
Analyzes vendor accounts.
Anamnesis is a rare disease in which the person affected has many animal characteristics.
Anamnesis is memory
Anamnesis is the opposite of amnesia.
Anamnestic data are important in the interpretation.
Anamorphic enhancement provides for exquisite image clarity.
Anamorphic lens is a lens capable of compressing a wide angle of view into a standard frame.
Anamorphic lenses are also available for rental.
An anamorphosis is phylogenesis
Anamorphosis is a technique for abstracting images.
Anamorphosis refers to the practice of using different magnifications in different dimensions.
Ananas nanus is a dwarf pineapple.
Ananas isa matter.
Ananases are part of pineapples.
Ananases have (part) peels.
Ananases have (part) sections.
Anaphase is a stage
Anaphase isa stage.
Some anaphase is part of meiosis.
Some anaphase is part of nondisjunction.
Some anaphases also show a variable degree of chromosome condensation.
Anaphrodisia is reported frequently by men during khat use.
Anaphrodisia is reported frequently by men using khat.
Anaphylactic collapse is dramatic and life threatening.
Anaphylactic reaction can follow rupture of an echinococcus cyst.
Anaphylactic reactions are rare.
Anaphylactic reactions are severe and require immediate medical attention.
Anaphylactic reactions are usually quite sudden and severe.
Anaphylactic reactions are very unusual.
Anaphylactic reactions can manifest themselves in several different ways.
Anaphylactic reactions can occur in rare instances.
Anaphylactic reactions can occur.
Anaphylactic reactions caused by food allergies can be potentially life-threatening.
Anaphylactic reactions tend to be faster and more severe with each exposure to the allergen.
An anaphylactic shock is hypersensitivity reaction
Anaphylactic shock is a life-threatening response to an allergin.
Anaphylactic shock is a severe and possibly fatal allergic reaction.
Anaphylactic shock is a severe type of allergic reaction.
Anaphylactic shock is a very serious condition and requires immediate hospital treatment.
Anaphylactic shock is an extreme reaction and can in many cases be life threatening.
Anaphylactic shock is characterized by a fall in blood pressure and respiratory distress.
Anaphylactic shock is frightening to behold, much more so with a child.
Anaphylactic shock is rare.
Anaphylactic shock is severe allergy which affects many organs at the same time.
Anaphylactic shock is the most serious kind of allergic reaction and is life-threatening.
Anaphylactic shock is the most severe of all allergic reactions.
Anaphylactic shock is the most severe type of allergic reaction.
Anaphylactic shock is the result of a person going into shock from an unknown source.
Anaphylactic shock is treated by use of a tourniquet and subcutaneous injections of epinephrine.
Anaphylactic shock related to latex exposure can be life threatening.
Anaphylatic shock is the extreme rx of anaphylaxis.
Anaphylaxis isa predisposition.
An anaplasia is dysplasia
Anaplasia can be severe, especially at sites of radiodermatitis, and rapid removal is imperative.
Anaplasia is the absence of differentiation.
Anaplastic cancer is the fastest growing of all thyroid cancers.
Anaplastic nuclei are usually large, irregular and hyperchromatic.
Anaplastic tumors are the fastest growing thyroid tumors.
Anaplastic variants are more aggressive.
An anapsid is a reptile
Anapsid have no hole.
Anapsids have no openings in the temporal region of their skull.
Anapsids have no other openings, synapsids have one, and diapsids two.
Anapsids have no other openings, synapsids have one, and diaspids two.
Anarchic development can produce a more robust system, actually.
An anarchism is ideology
Anarchism acknowledges the primacy of the individual.
Anarchism aims at a new and complete freedom.
Anarchism also departs from both liberalism and socialism in taking a different view of progress.
Anarchism also promises to overcome capitalism .
Anarchism appears as a political theory and a social movement in the nineteenth century.
Anarchism brings to environmentalism an understanding of why the environment is degraded.
Anarchism comes from a Greek word meaning without government.
Anarchism comes from our needs and desires for freedom, equality and solidarity.
Anarchism conceptualizes power differently.
Anarchism dates back to ancient times.
Anarchism has a long history, going back over a century, and can be found around the world.
Anarchism has a long, wonderful history in both American and European thought.
Anarchism has a lot of hard questions to answer.
Anarchism has a lot of support on the net, too.
Anarchism has nothing to do with future governments or economic arrangements.
Anarchism has, in fact, an endless resilience.
Anarchism identifies the people's subjugation to a ruling class with government action .
Anarchism implies the right of an individual to stand aside and see a man murdered or a woman raped.
Anarchism is a critique of the state which denies the legitimacy of state authority.
Anarchism is a movement for a radically democratic and libertarian society.
Anarchism is a philosophy that opposes all forms of authority.
Anarchism is a practical way to bring about a society of socialism and freedom.
Anarchism is a social ideology that argues for a self-organising society without government.
Anarchism is a society built on the abolition of all tyranny, in society and in the workplace.
Anarchism is a very eclectic tradition.
Anarchism is about building.
Anarchism is above all defined by what anarchists have said and fought for.
Anarchism is also the rejection of all political, social, and economic hierarchy.
Anarchism is an extraordinarily generous, beautiful way to look at the universe.
Anarchism is an ideology that defines itself by being fiercely non-ideological.
Anarchism is an opposition to all forms of coercive authority.
Anarchism is anarchism.
Anarchism is concerned to oppose the one basic concept of authority as such.
Anarchism is defined as the rejection of all forms of domination, as distinguished from power.
Anarchism is funny that way.
Anarchism is glorified thumb-sucking.
Anarchism is idealistic.
Anarchism is one such topic.
Anarchism is our rock n'roll.
Anarchism is peaceful and non-violent.
Anarchism is politics in practice.
Anarchism is really a synonym for socialism.
Anarchism is the absence of the power to dominate and control.
Anarchism is the belief that individuals are the basis of society.
Anarchism is the farthest point on the scale of the relationship of the individual to the state.
Anarchism is the goal and libertarianism, decentralism, etc. is the process.
Anarchism is the hammer-idea, smashing the chains.
Anarchism is the only realistic alternative to capitalism.
Anarchism is the very opposite of all that.
Anarchism is totally different from the above mentioned anarchy.
Anarchism is voluntary cooperation for good, with the right of secession.
Anarchism means a world of brotherhood, mutual prosperity, and freedom.
Anarchism means peace and tranquility to all.
Anarchism means the demolition of the prevailing, state centric system.
Anarchism misunderstands the real nature of man.
Anarchism offers a truly radical alternative.
Anarchism recognises only the relative significance of ideas, institutions, and social conditions.
Anarchism rejects all forms of hierarchical authority, social and economic as well as political.
Anarchism repudiates any attempt of a group of men or of any individual to arrange life for others.
Anarchism requires a free means of information interchange.
Anarchism retains the pattern of behaviour first introduced by religion.
Anarchism says, in effect, there is no such upper case, dominating ideology.
Anarchism seems more actively anti-government, though.
Anarchism stands for a new relationship between the sexes.
Anarchism stands for the freedom to, both collectively and individually, take control of our lives.
Anarchism thus represents a reactionary anti-socialist political trend.
Anarchism views society on the basis of two fundamental pillars.
Anarchisms are political ideology.
Anarchisms are socialism.
Anarchisms cause a desire to independents.
Anarchist communists reject the Leninist model of a vanguard party as counter-revolutionary.
Anarchist criminology goes beyond reform and advocates the abolition of the criminal justice system.
Anarchist culture is a fighting culture.
Anarchist culture is a utopian culture.
Anarchist groups are all also over the place.
Anarchist hammers are no substitute for class tools like theory.
Anarchist journals are still important forums for debating and developing anarchism.
Anarchist organisations are now to be found on all five continents.
Anarchist organization is enough.
Anarchist pages are also abundant on the Internet.
Anarchist propaganda emphasizes the revolutionary nature of the struggle.
Anarchist society is that of libertarian socialist society.
Anarchist theory provides useful insight.
An anarchist is a radical
Anarchist are by tradition against authorities and wants a society based on selfmanagement.
Anarchist oppose even the most democratic forms of collective organisation of social life.
Anarchists adovcate anarchy in the sense of nobody being boss over anybody else.
Anarchists advocate a society where individuals freely co-operate together as equals.
Anarchists advocate 'participatory' rather than 'representative' democracy.
Anarchists agree that capitalism is a crime.
Anarchists aim to achieve maximum personal freedom for everyone.
Anarchists alone consider the modern penal system to be inhumane and worthy of abolishing.
Anarchists also are responsible, since anarchist feelings are too scattered.
Anarchists also reject any attempt to limit the freedom of individuals.
Anarchists are a non-violent, compassionate and dedicated group.
Anarchists are a varied bunch.
Anarchists are also opposed to any form of government.
Anarchists are extremists.
Anarchists are far more ingenious and witty in their use of the internet to encourage and amuse.
Anarchists are in the front line.
Anarchists are materialists.
Anarchists are of many kinds.
Anarchists are opposed to all coercion.
Anarchists are opposed to all taxes.
Anarchists are opposed to authority and hierarchy.
Anarchists are opposed to leaders.
Anarchists are opposed to patriarchy.
Anarchists are people.
Anarchists are radicals.
Anarchists are the direst threat to the state, which is why they have been so harshly oppressed.
Anarchists are the last people to engage in blind hero-worship.
Anarchists are the no-comprimize, there can be no aggression, and cirtainly no legalized aggression.
Anarchists are the only unequivocable supporters of direct democracy out there, folks.
Anarchists are the scientists of political philosophy.
Anarchists are ultimately autarchists who reject ownership by anyone or anything.
Anarchists argue that society can exist without a national state.
Anarchists argue that the means used to build socialism and ends achieved are connected.
Anarchists ask people to be people.
Anarchists ask something else.
Anarchists believe in a brighter future.
Anarchists believe in consensus.
Anarchists believe in non-hierarchial society.
Anarchists believe property is theft.
Anarchists believe that ideas are the lifeblood of a revolutionary movement.
Anarchists believe that no individual has the right to issue orders to another.
Anarchists believe that the core problem facing women is class society.
Anarchists believe that the government is responsible for chaos and mass destruction.
Anarchists believe that the state is the ultimate evil, keeping humanity from true freedom.
Anarchists believe the only way for a revolution to survive is to push it as far as possible.
Anarchists consider their women comrades equals, the way they consider everyone.
Anarchists deny the distinction between ends and means.
Anarchists do it revoltingly.
Anarchists favor direct action.
Anarchists fear the exploitation of man by man.
Anarchists follow no leaders.
Anarchists go beyond that toward a more holistic approach.
Anarchists have a convincing analysis of crime and some ideas on how to eliminate it for good.
Anarchists have an acknowledged respect for individual freedom.
Anarchists have much more resources on the West Coast than they did in Philadelphia.
Anarchists have no interest in taking power and exercising it on behalf of the working class.
Anarchists kick ass.
Anarchists know better.
Anarchists know that it can work.
Anarchists love company.
Anarchists mail dynamite bombs to public men.
Anarchists make no distinction between economic or political refugees.
Anarchists now face the difficult task of explaining what self-management really means.
Anarchists oppose capitalism and all forms of authority and inequality.
Anarchists plan massive day of action, weather permitting.
Anarchists recognize that and seek to check the power of individuals over others at every turn.
Anarchists say that government, the police and laws are oppressive.
Anarchists say that no one can actually 'represent' workers interests but workers themselves.
Anarchists see power as a process rather than a possession.
Anarchists seek a world without states and thus address a central root of war.
Anarchists seek an end to private property.
Anarchists seek to maximise freedom for all.
Anarchists stand for direct action and solidarity among and between workers.
Anarchists stand uncompromisingly for a new world.
Anarchists take to the streets despite some police intimidation.
Anarchists take, essentially, a scientific approach to problems.
Anarchists unite - waaaait a minute.
Anarchists use the natural law to judge the legitimacy of the various man-made laws.
Anarchists value private decision-making and private voluntary agreements between individuals.
Anarchists wear masks for many reasons.
Anarchists work to eliminate subordination.
Anarchists often focus more on immediate day to day issues in their communities.
Anarchists sometimes posit an ideal society without law.
Anarchists usually draw the line at coercive power.
All anarchists are in favour of certain things, in theory.
All anarchists are opposed to nationalism.
Many anarchists are pacifistic, reformers.
Many anarchists reject such trade unions altogether.
Many anarchists say they're just normal people, with an alternate political view.
Many anarchists share the same position as the current Canadian state.
Most anarchists accept the much of the economic analysis put forward in 'Capital'.
Most anarchists are former peasants.
Most anarchists are, frankly, incapable of living in an autonomous cooperative manner.
Most anarchists refuse to participate in elections.
Most anarchists tend to think humans have both good and bad tendencies.
Some anarchists are nonviolent and some believe that some violence is allowable.
Some anarchists have contacts with albanian people who live and work in Greece.
Anarchistic workers undergo a normal but highly precocious behavioural ontogeny.
Anarchy abounds in our homes, in our streets, in our churches.
Anarchy brings in a police state for the safety of the masses.
Anarchy can reign only in the nation that pursues total perfection.
Anarchy does have something going for it.
Anarchy has a history.
Anarchy has a somewhat large presence on the Internet.
Anarchy has a thousand faces in Somalia.
Anarchy has always been the seedbed of tyranny, so moral anarchy is the goal.
Anarchy has no place in a library.
Anarchy has to be kept at bay.
Anarchy is a dream, but only in the present.
Anarchy is a popularly confused term.
Anarchy is a return to living based on social co-operation and respect for individual freedom.
Anarchy is a society that replaces laws with social understandings.
Anarchy is a sure route to tyranny.
Anarchy is a workable system, with the right kind of people.
Anarchy is about organisation.
Anarchy is about ruined families , lost lives and economic ruin.
Anarchy is about to bust loose all over again.
Anarchy is abstract concepts.
Anarchy is all about self-organization, about autonomous groups deciding how they want to live.
Anarchy is an excess of freedom .
Anarchy is an extremely scary thing for some.
Anarchy is as well.
Anarchy is at best naive and at worst a mental disorder.
Anarchy is avoided in the political sphere by the stress on equal rights, fraternity and the law.
Anarchy is better than no government at all.
Anarchy is better that no government at all.
Anarchy is bullshit.
Anarchy is chaos.
Anarchy is disorder
Anarchy is disorder.
Anarchy is found tolerable.
Anarchy is in charge of any additions right now.
Anarchy is liberating and joyous - but it's also terrifying.
Anarchy is likely to reign for a long time to come.
Anarchy is more efficient than bureaucracy.
Anarchy is more to be dreaded than despotic power.
Anarchy is on trial.
Anarchy is only the appearance.
Anarchy is our abstracted notions of taboos surrounding the state.
Anarchy is our enemy.
Anarchy is our future and the time to make it real is now.
Anarchy is perfect liberty, is absolute freedom of the individual.
Anarchy is possible, but difficult to maintain.
Anarchy is slavery to the individual.
Anarchy is supposed to be a total lack of government, no control, no boundaries, no nothing.
Anarchy is the absence of rules, of ethical limits, of any moral sense .
Anarchy is the disruption of society.
Anarchy is the double-edged sword of intranets.
Anarchy is the lack of government.
Anarchy is the liberation from the tyranny of psychological enlavement to one's dualistic intellect.
Anarchy is the only way to achieve lasting, true democracy.
Anarchy is the rule in Kosovo.
Anarchy is the rule of the day.
Anarchy is their unifying bond.
Anarchy is to the extreme right with no government or law.
Anarchy is void of the bureaucracy of the state and the censorship of opposition.
Anarchy is worshipped by some.
Anarchy literally means a society without a state.
Anarchy means a system where there is no government or control.
Anarchy means common ownership and effectively the destruction of private property.
Anarchy means freedom with responsibility.
Anarchy means freedom.
Anarchy means individual responsibility rather than chaos.
Anarchy prevails over much of the land.
Anarchy provides a new intellectual framework on which to judge the legitimacy of institutions .
Anarchy resonates for many reasons.
Anasazi descent can get loose and rocky.
Most Anasazi sightings require getting off the boat and slapping on a pair of hiking boots.
Anastomosed rivers have relatively fine sediment loads and gentle gradients.
An anastomosis is a conjunction
Anastomoses form the basis of collateral circulation.
Anastomoses occur at the distal pole of the ovary.
Anastomosis is highly prevalent.
Anastomosises are junctions.
Anastomotic aneurysms result from partial or total disruption of the anastomosis.
Anastomotic dehiscence is a serious problem that also requires early reoperation.
Anastomotic leakage is especially common during cardiac and vascular procedures.
Anastomotic recurrences are usually secondary to intra-abdominal recurrent tumor.
Anatolian rugs are unbelievably rich in desing, color and symbols.
All anatomic donations are in fact an extraordinary gift, the gift of life.
Anatomic factors can also be responsible for running injuries.
Anatomic factors work in another way.
Anatomic genomics holds the key to curing illness and repairing bodies.
Anatomic information is sufficient to manage the patient.
Anatomic sections demonstrate a symphysis by the end of the second month of gestation.
Anatomical abnormalities are common among conjoined twins.
Anatomical adaptations are physical features such as an animals shape.
Anatomical art appears in full color.
Anatomical atlases are abound as well as anatomy reference books.
Anatomical bursae occur normally around the body where tendons cross bones or joints.
Anatomical collections hold human and veterinary specimens of historical and pathological interest.
Anatomical design ensures a secure, comfortable fit that preserves maximum hand function.
Anatomical design feels like no pad at all.
Anatomical design maintains the back's natural curve, promoting neutral posture.
Anatomical diagrams are rough guides only.
Anatomical differentiation involves the first stage of brain development and occurs fairly early.
All anatomical drawings are positioned with the anterior to the top.
Anatomical examination reveals gross neuropathological lesions in the brain.
Anatomical gift is the donation of one's body to medical science.
Anatomical hand grips with loop locking brakes.
Anatomical landmarks make punching bag strike zones obsolete.
Anatomical material is also available to medical graduates in residency training programs.
Anatomical parents are the superior anatomy structure for a specific anatomical part.
Anatomical pathology helps determine the cause and effects of a particular disease.
Anatomical proportion is taught.
Anatomical shape combined with integrated browguard and sideshield give unsurpassed protection.
Anatomical shape combined with side shields gibe unsurpassed protection.
Anatomical shape conforms to neck to help maintain the head and neck in a neutral position.
Anatomical shape provides improved positioning and posture.
An anatomical structure is a body part
Anatomical structures have specific roles in the reproductive process.
Many anatomical structures are similar between the species, too.
Anatomical studies are usually intensive and lengthy, although some are short.
Anatomical terms use the Latin form as in testicular artery and vein.
Anatomical texts retain their value longer than other subject areas.
Anatomical understanding is reinforced with video footage as well as diagrams. .
Anatomical understanding is reinforced with video footage as well as diagrams.
An anatomist is an expert
Anatomists are experts.
Anatomists are people who study the human body.
Anatomists define the stomach as the part of the gut that secretes acid.
Anatomists investigate the parts of organisms and how the parts are related.
Anatomists study the human body from the molecular level to the entire organism.
An anatomy is morphology
Anatomies are analysises.
Anatomies are morphology.
Anatomies are science.
Anatomies have features.
Anatomies have few unique features.
Anatomies have unique features.
Anatomies include faces.
Anatomies include straight faces.
Anatomies require cooperation.
Anatomies require excellent cooperation.
Anatomies show features.
Anatomy allows viewing of system at three levels from any angle.
Anatomy comes first.
Anatomy discusses specific bones and substructure of bones.
Anatomy goes in-depth and covers all body parts, systems, and functions.
Anatomy is characterized by a short tail, a dark dorsal line and rounded ears.
Anatomy is destiny.
Anatomy is fundamental to modeling for mechanism.
Anatomy is reality.
Anatomy is still very cool.
Anatomy is such a complex and long chapter.
Anatomy isa biology.
Anatomy meets cognition meets psychology, in a continuous cranial seminar.
Anatomy shows short necks, large heads, and four powerful paddles.
Anatomy always relates to physiology or more concisely, structure relates to function.
Most anatomies have few unique features.
Most anatomies have unique features.
Most anatomies require cooperation.
Most anatomies require excellent cooperation.
Some anatomies consist of exoskeletons.
Some anatomies provide detail information.
Some anatomies provide information.
Some anatomies provide more detail information.
Some anatomies provide more information.
Some anatomies show presence.
Ancerys legacy is one of a survivor.
Ancestor charts are in order by the membership number that appears in the upper middle of each page.
Ancestor spirits inhabit the first heaven, the one nearest earth.
Ancestor veneration is also common.
Ancestor veneration is prevalent throughout Africa, and serves as the basis of many religions.
Ancestor worship continues long after the elder has passed on.
Ancestor worship has the most pervasive influence in Guangdong.
Ancestor worship involves praying to deceased relatives for blessings, protection, and guidance.
Ancestor worship is a widespread and deep-seated element of many Asian cultures.
Ancestor worship is an accepted practice among Romanists here.
Ancestor worship is central to their ethnic religion.
Ancestor worship is perhaps the most pervasive belief system.
Ancestor worship is practiced but stops at the great-grandfather.
Ancestor worship is still common.
Ancestor worship is stilled continued in traditional families.
Ancestor worship is the center of another festival on the eighth day of the fourth lunar month.
Ancestor worship is the most important factor in their lives.
Ancestor worship is worship
Ancestor worship is worship.
Some ancestor worship is done to make the living people feel better in the midst of their mourning.
An ancestor is a relative
Ancestor is the transitive closure of parent .
Ancestor isa relative.
Ancestors adapt to environments.
Ancestors adapt to oceanic environments.
Ancestors also has a nice checklist to work with.
Ancestors also have characters.
Ancestors are a concept in troll society.
Ancestors are acknowledged and honoured in India among Hindus .
Ancestors are given ritual attention by the large subset of people who serve the lwa .
Ancestors are given ritual attention by the large subset of people who serve the lwa.
Ancestors are indeed the people of history.
Ancestors are most satisfying possessions.
Ancestors are one of the most valuable and satisfactory of possessions.
Ancestors are people of color.
Ancestors are real, and so are family, descent, slavery and so on.
Ancestors are relatives.
Ancestors are the focus of deep respect.
Ancestors belong to families.
Ancestors come alive, and become real.
Ancestors cook food.
Ancestors defining major groups in the prokaryotic realm are indicated by small circles on the ring.
Ancestors develop capacity.
Ancestors drink water.
Ancestors eat balance diets.
Ancestors eat diets.
Ancestors eat meat.
Ancestors eat plants.
Ancestors enjoy health.
Ancestors evolve from apes.
Ancestors evolve from primitive apes.
Ancestors focuses on the impact that connecting with ancestors has on individuals and families.
Ancestors follow diets.
Ancestors go through stages.
Ancestors grow legs.
Ancestors have (part) arms.
Ancestors have (part) body substances.
Ancestors have (part) cell membranes.
Ancestors have (part) cells.
Ancestors have (part) corpi.
Ancestors have (part) cytoplasm.
Ancestors have (part) heads.
Ancestors have (part) human bodies.
Ancestors have (part) legs.
Ancestors have (part) material bodies.
Ancestors have (part) necks.
Ancestors have (part) nuclei.
Ancestors have (part) personality.
Ancestors have (part) plasma membranes.
Ancestors have (part) sections.
Ancestors have (part) vacuoles.
Ancestors have alternation.
Ancestors have appendages.
Ancestors have arms.
Ancestors have bones.
Ancestors have bony skeletons.
Ancestors have brains.
Ancestors have characteristics.
Ancestors have diets.
Ancestors have glands.
Ancestors have joints.
Ancestors have legs.
Ancestors have lungs.
Ancestors have offspring.
Ancestors have similar characteristics.
Ancestors have skeletons.
Ancestors have skin.
Ancestors have teeth.
Ancestors is a television series about genealogy and family history.
Ancestors leave behind relatives.
Ancestors live in culture.
Ancestors live in pasts.
Ancestors lose colour vision.
Ancestors lose full colour vision.
Ancestors lose vision.
Ancestors mediate between living human beings and gods.
Ancestors occupy environments.
Ancestors provides teacher's guide to genealogy and various genealogy charts.
Ancestors provides teacher's guide to genealogy.
Ancestors shows viewers how to find and use a wide variety of records for family history research.
Ancestors take big evolutionary steps.
Ancestors take big steps.
Ancestors take evolutionary steps.
Ancestors take steps.
Ancestors uncovers family stories behind the documents and records.
Ancestors use brains.
Ancestors use flakes.
Ancestors use sharp flakes.
Ancestors use stone flakes.
Every ancestor covers one page and related people are linked to each other.
Most ancestor worshipping religions, for example, are Animist.
Most ancestors adapt to environments.
Most ancestors adapt to oceanic environments.
Most ancestors also have characters.
Most ancestors belong to families.
Most ancestors cook food.
Most ancestors develop capacity.
Most ancestors drink water.
Most ancestors eat balance diets.
Most ancestors eat diets.
Most ancestors eat meat.
Most ancestors eat plants.
Most ancestors enjoy health.
Most ancestors evolve from apes.
Most ancestors evolve from primitive apes.
Most ancestors follow diets.
Most ancestors go through stages.
Most ancestors grow legs.
Most ancestors have alternation.
Most ancestors have appendages.
Most ancestors have arms.
Most ancestors have bones.
Most ancestors have bony skeletons.
Most ancestors have brains.
Most ancestors have characteristics.
Most ancestors have diets.
Most ancestors have glands.
Most ancestors have joints.
Most ancestors have legs.
Most ancestors have lungs.
Most ancestors have offspring.
Most ancestors have similar characteristics.
Most ancestors have skeletons.
Most ancestors have skin.
Most ancestors have teeth.
Most ancestors leave behind relatives.
Most ancestors live in culture.
Most ancestors live in pasts.
Most ancestors lose colour vision.
Most ancestors lose full colour vision.
Most ancestors lose vision.
Most ancestors occupy environments.
Most ancestors take big evolutionary steps.
Most ancestors take big steps.
Most ancestors take evolutionary steps.
Most ancestors take steps.
Most ancestors use brains.
Most ancestors use flakes.
Most ancestors use sharp flakes.
Most ancestors use stone flakes.
Some ancestors are evolved from mammals.
Some ancestors become conditions.
Some ancestors build observatories.
Some ancestors buy birds.
Some ancestors cause infection.
Some ancestors change appearances.
Some ancestors create problems.
Some ancestors do jobs.
Some ancestors eat animals.
Some ancestors eat fruit.
Some ancestors eat whole animals.
Some ancestors enter countries.
Some ancestors establish distribution.
Some ancestors establish wide distribution.
Some ancestors gather flowers.
Some ancestors grow nectar.
Some ancestors have coeloms.
Some ancestors have guts.
Some ancestors have jobs.
Some ancestors have limbs.
Some ancestors have perfect jobs.
Some ancestors have tasks.
Some ancestors hold slaves.
Some ancestors invade habitats.
Some ancestors join churches.
Some ancestors lack ability.
Some ancestors leave residues.
Some ancestors leave water.
Some ancestors live about years.
Some ancestors live in air.
Some ancestors live in jungle.
Some ancestors live in open air.
Some ancestors live in ranges.
Some ancestors live in water.
Some ancestors lose eyes.
Some ancestors move into habitats.
Some ancestors move into saltwater habitats.
Some ancestors occupy areas.
Some ancestors possess apes.
Some ancestors provide commonalities.
Some ancestors provide glimpses.
Some ancestors realize symptoms.
Some ancestors realize tongue symptoms.
Some ancestors rely on plants.
Some ancestors retain reality.
Some ancestors ride horses.
Some ancestors share structures.
Some ancestors start evolutionary journeys.
Some ancestors start journeys.
Some ancestors study dinosaurs.
Some ancestors survive in environments.
Some ancestors survive in extreme environments.
Some ancestors travel to new guinea regions.
Some ancestors travel to regions.
Some ancestors undergo divergent evolution.
Some ancestors undergo evolution.
Some ancestors use lettuce.
Some ancestors use wings.
Ancestral background includes English and German ancestors.
Ancestral cemeteries are still a matter of contention.
Ancestral churches are a stone's throw away from the poshest of shopping malls.
Ancestral churches are a stone's throw away from the poshiest of shopping malls.
Ancestral cults are very common in most of tropical Africa.
Ancestral doll has a full length leather dress and cape decorated with beads.
Ancestral domain is the core content of their struggle towards the right to self-determination.
Ancestral file contains millions of names arranged in family groups and pedigrees.
Ancestral immunity comes of age.
Ancestral memories are sex-specific.
Ancestral memory is a powerful thing.
Ancestral proofs are necessary for membership.
Many ancestral religions survive from the earliest human origins.
Ancestral search brings town reward.
Many ancestral tablets stand in the courtyard, and massive lions mount guard at the doors.
Many ancestral tablets stand in the courtyard, and massive lions mount guards at the doors.
Ancestral traits shared by two or more species are called symplesiomorphic.
Ancestral village completes family tree.
Ancestry add a new database every day.
Ancestry can be a proxy for race.
Ancestry determines the amount of power a god or goddess wields.
Ancestry is a busy site which has a number of marriage and Scandinavian databases on line.
Ancestry is a family tree
Ancestry is a subscription site.
Ancestry is another online helper.
Ancestry is as significant as personality in describing individuals.
Ancestry is inheritances.
Ancestry is safe, secure and a great source of information.
Ancestry is the premier online resource for tracing family history.
Ancestry is the premier publisher of authoritative genealocial research in the world.
Ancestry isa social group.
Ancestry offers two ways to interact with our customer support representatives.
Ancestry plans to add census years on a regular basis.
Ancestry remains the largest provider of genealogy information available online.
Anchihaline species are in groundwaters more or less influenced by sea water.
Anchor bar has barrels of tips they use in soup stock.
Anchor bolts attach tower to the foundation.
Anchor bolts lock.
Anchor buttons can be static or animated - either way they've got the readers attention.
Anchor ice can cause a significant blockage of the flow cross-section resulting in local flooding.
Anchor ice occurs in the river and in some tributaries.
Anchor lines are more important then bottom lines.
Anchor papers are examples of each score point in the rubric .
Anchor papers are on the CD for each level of the rubric.
Anchor plates connect the systems to the main anchors.
Anchor points abound amongst the summer hay.
Anchor points have only a few basic properties.
Anchor River is one of the state's top fishing streams.
Anchor tags show both the start and end of a hypertext link.
Anchor watch is set and preparations are made for the next day.
Anchor worms are often a problem in outdoor ponds during the summer.
Anchor worms are treatable if caught soon enough.
An anchor is a claw
Anchor bookcases and filing cabinets to nearby walls.
Anchor bookcases, file and storage cabinets to the wall with bolts.
Anchor handles both for customers.
Anchor has no content and generally produces no output.
Anchor hauls it away.
ANCHoR is a new initiative to collect uniform data on services to homeless people.
Anchor is a semi-urban brand, which has also made inroads into the rural market.
Anchor is a special company.
Anchor is a very important part of ship equipment.
Anchor is an album for quiet, rainy days.
Anchor is dropped and the rules are explained to the crew.
Anchor is dropped in a cove.
Anchor is embedded deep into the rock.
Anchor is little more then a large space port and industrial complex.
Anchor is made of titanium, a known biocompatible metal.
Anchor is proud to represent the largest number of listings in the area.
Anchor is safety and freedom.
Anchor is the biggest and the best because our customers are our business.
Anchor is the selector.
Anchor is up.
Anchor isa mechanism.
Anchor keeps mattress in place as head is raised.
Anchor offers a competitive salary and benefit package and is an equal opportunity employer.
Anchor offers opportunities for people with varying degrees, skills and experience.
Anchor opens a new branch in Sun Prairie and breaks ground to expand the downtown facility.
Anchor pumps to bases using inserts or anchor bolts.
Anchor specializes in solving metalworking problems involving metalworking alloys.
Anchor starts a container with text that is used in two ways.
Anchor starts to walk out from crowd.
Anchors allow for linking within a page and to a specific location on another page.
Anchors also have base-level activations that reflect the frequency and recency of the responses.
Anchors also identify images and sound clips in HTML documents.
Anchors appear in a distinct colour.
Anchors are a way to name a particular place in a web page.
Anchors are available on a daily rental basis.
Anchors are basically links to other areas of the same page.
Anchors are devices.
Anchors are hooks.
Anchors are important, they provide stability in a storm.
Anchors are like that.
Anchors are links to certain places in a document.
Anchors are links within the same document.
Anchors are locations within a page that can serve as link destinations.
Anchors are made of irons.
Anchors are metal.
Anchors are newscasters.
Anchors are optional and are priced separately.
Anchors are part of vessels.
Anchors are plain blue, including the ring.
Anchors are points that make up a path.
Anchors are support.
Anchors are the foundation of climbing safety.
Anchors are the primary partners on Planet Hawaii.
Anchors are the text which has been designated as a link.
Anchors are very useful for finding one-word titles.
Anchors Away consists of two separate condos.
Anchors Away is more than just great prices .
Anchors Away reserves the right to cancel any scheduled tour prior to departure.
Anchors aweigh .
Anchors aweigh mates . . .
Anchors can be in either text or graphics, and appear as boxes or a specified colour.
Anchors can be more suitable for inter-article linking than section titles are .
Anchors can be more suitable for inter-article linking than section titles are.
Anchors can be use to link things together within a file or with another website.
Anchors can control movements of large systems or isolate influences from one zone to another.
Anchors can damage wrecks, and have been known to pull wooden wrecks apart.
Anchors can do serious damage to coral reefs.
Anchors can hear the director, or lineup editor, through an earpiece.
Anchors can occur naturally or be set up intentionally.
Anchors can provide formative assessments to help encure that learning is maximized.
Anchors change our state.
Anchors come in many forms.
Anchors constrain translation and rotation of pipes in all axes.
Anchors damage the reefs.
Anchors deliver stories with no cover shots.
Anchors do the most damage to the reef.
Anchors drag over grazing Or get a grip under vine roots.
Anchors enable the keyboard user to navigate to an area on the page using the keyboard.
Anchors generate mall traffic that indirectly increases the sales of lesser-known mall stores.
Anchors go in front of the cameras and present the news segments.
Anchors have (part) bases.
Anchors have (part) sections.
Anchors have great power because they can instantly access powerful states.
Anchors help define the score points and clarify the scoring guide.
Anchors help readers navigate through long pages.
Anchors hold best when the pull of the rode on the anchor is as near to horizontal as possible.
Anchors increase child protection by limiting the movement of a child seat in a frontal collision.
Anchors learn and practice digital sound editing, vocal technique and news judgment.
Anchors Linking to a named anchor Named anchors mark specific positions in a document.
Anchors look similar to image command.
Anchors occur naturally.
Anchors point to a place within a page.
Anchors provide that capability.
Anchors require two sets of tags.
Anchors tend to be remembered more than assignment reporters.
Anchors tend to sink to the bottom of the sea of grades.
Anchors usually hold best in sand.
All anchors are from European production.
All anchors have advantages and disadvantages.
All anchors take bomber nat.
Every anchor has an upright orientation at which maximum holding power is achieved.
Every anchor needs a length of chain attached to ensure proper setting and holding.
Most anchors only point to one place.
Some anchors are highly specialized, while others are appropriate for a variety of connections.
Some anchors are part of arks.
Some anchors are part of boats.
Some anchors are part of canoes.
Some anchors are part of dinghies.
Some anchors are part of frigates.
Some anchors are part of houseboats.
Some anchors are part of kayaks.
Some anchors are part of lifeboats.
Some anchors are part of motorboats.
Some anchors are part of sailboats.
Some anchors are part of sculls.
Some anchors are part of ships.
Some anchors are part of shipwrecks.
Some anchors are part of steamers.
Some anchors are part of submarines.
Some anchors are part of tankers.
Some anchors are part of yachts.
Some anchors hold extremely well in sand or mud, others fare better in shale or rocky bottoms.
Some anchors like to personalize everything they can on the news.
Some anchors never touch the seabed while others are permanently embedded.
Anchorage summers are cool and winters are cold.
An anchorage is a condition
Anchorage does, indeed, have lots of winter to sell.
Anchorage embraces a multitude of winter sports.
Anchorage encourages an environment that seems more like family than a traditional job.
Anchorage experiences similar rates of child abuse and neglect.
Anchorage is a big city.
Anchorage is a city of contrast and variety.
Anchorage is a destination stop with many popular day trips available.
Anchorage is a fast growing city.
Anchorage is a great place to raise a family and a great place for kids .
Anchorage is a great place to visit.
Anchorage is a large modern city with loads of things to do and see.
Anchorage is a larger community and more difficult place to make an impact.
Anchorage is a metropolitan city, primarily non-Native, with a history of cultural diversity.
Anchorage is a modern, fast growing city.
Anchorage is a popular visitor destination and serves as the center of commerce for the region.
Anchorage is a three hour flight from Seattle.
Anchorage is a unique city.
Anchorage is a unique combination of rustic wilderness and bustling metropolis.
Anchorage is about the same distance from the Alaska subduction fault.
Anchorage is also the host of the start of the world-famous Iditarod Sled Dog race.
Anchorage is an air-crossroads.
Anchorage is as far north as Helsinki, Finland and nearly as west as Honolulu, Hawaii.
Anchorage is at the bottom of the state at the head of the Cook Inlet.
Anchorage is available to south of the marina.
Anchorage is excellent in both bays and can be used by many boats at once.
Anchorage is fair to poor in the bay but good for small boats in the lagoon.
Anchorage is one of the busiest cargo airports in the world.
Anchorage is one of the cities in Alaska.
Anchorage is one of the ways of speech of plants.
Anchorage is served by many major airlines.
Anchorage is so far north the sun never sets during summer solstice.
Anchorage is the best place to live for renters from a tax standpoint.
Anchorage is the largest city in Alaska.
Anchorage is the largest city in the U.S. in terms of square miles covered .
Anchorage is the main hub for Alaska.
Anchorage is the only community in Alaska to have such local enforcement.
Anchorage is the point of hire in Alaska.
Anchorage needs such a program.
Anchorage offers a variety of performing arts.
Anchorage offers big-city life only minutes away from Alaska wilderness.
Anchorage offers residents relatively moderate weather with four distinct seasons.
Anchorage offers the most reasonable shopping.
Anchorage operates a modern bus system called the People Mover.
Anchorage overlies an underthrust segment of the Pacific plate.
Anchorage receives WHO designation.
Anchorage reflects beauty in all seasons, whether blanketed by snow or bathed in summer sun.
Anchorages accommodate deep sea vessels within harbour area.
Anchorages are a bit precarious, but the island is definitely worth a visit.
Anchorages are areas.
Anchorages are arrivals.
Anchorages are available for supertankers.
Anchorages are conditions.
Anchorages are fees.
Anchorages are part of seaports.
Anchorages are plentiful and best discovered under sail.
Anchorages are secure and waterways more like large salty lakes than the sea.
Anchorages are varied and plentiful.
Anchorages here are plentiful, usually deserted and always beautiful.
Every anchorage has some form of band, steel bands, reggae and soloists.
Many anchorages here have a crusty surface on the bottom, or shallow sand bottoms.
Anchored agents are the most common type in existence today.
Anchored agents do most of their work on either the client side or on the server side.
Anchored instruction uses context as a learning device.
Anchored units vary depending on weather conditions.
An anchorman is a reporter
Anchormen believe they live longer if they never leave a hermetically sealed studio.
All anchormen foster an image of themselves as rugged, hard-hitting newsmen.
Anchovy paste is a seasoning
Anchovy paste is made from preserved anchovy fillets combined with oil.
Anchovy paste is sold in tubes, most often in the supermarket's imported-food section.
An anchovy is fish
Anchovies add enormous flavor to many dishes.
Anchovies also make an appearance in southeast Asian cooking.
Anchovies also yield fish oil which is another exportable commodity.
Anchovies are a key bait fish.
Anchovies are abundant in bays and estuaries in the spring, summer and fall.
Anchovies are also the staple food of the guano producing birds of the region.
Anchovies are America's least favorite topping.
Anchovies are available by request.
Anchovies are considered food for almost every fish that they are near.
Anchovies are extra.
Anchovies are fish.
Anchovies are hidden ingredients in some familiar and common foods.
Anchovies are members of the herring family.
Anchovies are members of the herring order.
Anchovies are optional.
Anchovies are really amazing acting out their role in nature.
Anchovies are small fish which are salted and preserved.
Anchovies are the most abundant schooling fish on the west coast.
Anchovies are the most common locally, but a few restaurants use Mediterranean sardines.
Anchovies are the most popular of all the live baits available.
Anchovies are usually in it.
Anchovies are very delicious fish.
Anchovies are very tiny fish.
Anchovies can concentrate domoic acid which causes amnesic shellfish poisoning .
Anchovies can concentrate domoic acid which causes amnesic shellfish poisoning.
Anchovies divide into two major groups.
Anchovies exhibit a special way of feeding called planktivory.
Anchovies feed on euphasids, copepods and decapod larvae.
Anchovies have a distinct, strong, tangy flavor, usually a love or hate situation.
Anchovies is open daily for lunch and dinner.
Anchovies keep most successfully when stored separately in huge vats.
Anchovies always travel in large schools.
Ancient accounts become extinct accounts.
Ancient accounts exist showing that many soldiers sold their fragments in the Damascus bazaar.
Ancient advisors longing for youth again form the chorus in the first play.
Ancient ancestors have diets.
Ancient ancestors ponder boundary questions.
Ancient ancestors use flakes.
Ancient ancestors use sharp flakes.
Ancient ancestors use stone flakes.
Most ancient ancestors have diets.
Most ancient ancestors use flakes.
Most ancient ancestors use sharp flakes.
Most ancient ancestors use stone flakes.
Ancient animal sheds false identity .
Ancient aqueducts ring the arid pampa.
Ancient art is significant because it has a strong influence on art in modern society.
Ancient arthropods have ability.
Most ancient arthropods have ability.
Ancient artifacts are much more common than is generally believed.
Ancient artifacts ignite the imagination and whisk one back in time.
Ancient artifacts suggest a strong dependency on the sea.
Ancient artifacts suggest even the earliest humans found meaning and significance in the human form.
Ancient astronomers possess ability.
Ancient astronomers study movement.
Most ancient astronomers possess ability.
Some ancient astronomers determine brightness.
Ancient authors mention weaving, as well as spinning, in their literary efforts.
Many ancient authorities add and a honeycomb.
Many ancient authorities add even as Elijah did.
Some ancient authorities add ver.
Some ancient authorities insert, wholly or in part, ver.
Some ancient authorities insert, with variations, ver.
Some ancient authorities omit from the tomb.
Some ancient authorities omit the sick.
Some ancient authorities omit ver.
Some ancient authorities omit who went out.
Some ancient authorities read our own.
Some ancient authorities read unto.
Ancient battles are to have been the routine foundations of reproduction.
Ancient battles are very hard to simulate at a detailed level due to all the soft factors involved.
Ancient beech trees have hollow trunks.
Ancient beech trees have trunks.
Ancient behavior is reconstructed by defining functional sets of archaeological data.
Ancient biographies tend to cover similar ground.
Ancient blood stains the hands of everyone.
Ancient Breeds See Images of Egypt in Hollywood A photo essay.
Ancient burial emerges in Honduran cave.
Ancient carbonates are mainly low magnesium calcite or dolomite.
Ancient ceremony begins.
Ancient ceremony concludes.
Ancient charisma is the element which makes an artifact extraordinary.
Ancient cities have a life all their own.
Ancient city found in Peru overturns old evolution theory.
Ancient civilizations are the objects of our focus in social studies.
Ancient civilizations have a certain allure that has been preserved in modern culture.
Some ancient civilizations use marble.
Ancient clutter is an old mystery.
Ancient coin reliefs.
Ancient coins are archaeological treasures from the past.
Ancient coins are often in excellent condition, in spite of having been buried for years.
Ancient coins bearing pictures of ships are amongst the most popular with collectors today.
Ancient coins vary greatly in terms of the relief but almost all are much higher than modern coins.
Every ancient coin is a story.
Many ancient coins have designs derived from mythology.
Most ancient constellations dominate their parts of the sky.
Ancient continent opens window on the early Earth.
Ancient cosmology is into it.
Ancient craters mark Jupiter's moon Ganymede.
Ancient creatures live on earth.
Ancient creatures show differences.
Most ancient creatures live on earth.
Most ancient creatures show differences.
Some ancient creatures look like lizards.
Many ancient creeds are here too.
Ancient culture builds monuments.
Ancient culture builds stone monuments.
All ancient cultures have different variations of myths or stories about their gods and monsters.
All ancient cultures share a common series of circular geometric devices.
Many ancient cultures seem to have imagined it as a stream of various kinds.
Most ancient culture builds monuments.
Most ancient culture builds stone monuments.
Most ancient cultures have a story about a big flood.
Most ancient cultures have stories or artwork of dragons that strongly resemble dinosaurs.
Some ancient culture offers lessons.
Ancient customs are part of everyday life.
Ancient cypresses tower over all.
Ancient deltas are a benefit to the economy due to their well sorted sand and gravel .
Ancient desks crowd the room.
All ancient digs uncover the uncanny uniformation of ancient uncivilized man.
Ancient doctrines apply also to shorelines, lakes and rivers.
Many ancient documents have no known author.
Ancient drama has nothing to do with Byzantine culture.
Some ancient dunes are in areas now occupied by tropical rain forests.
Ancient egyptian astronomers possess ability.
Ancient enemies become economic partners with benefit to each.
Ancient etymologies are frequently wrong, often fantastically so.
Many ancient evaporites show sedimentary feature of sabkhas, such as gypsum nodules.
Many ancient fishponds built by Hawaiian chiefs are in the area.
Ancient forest holds millions of living organisms and thousands of diverse life forms.
Ancient forest survives in a narrow strip along the horizon.
Ancient forests are a magnificent and complex strand in the web of life.
Ancient forests are forests that have never been logged commercially.
Ancient forests are home to many endangered and threatened species of plants and animals.
Ancient forests are memory.
Ancient forests are often the victims.
Ancient forests are shelter to most of the world's biodiversity .
Ancient forests are still important.
Ancient forests are the living legacy of America's natural history.
Ancient forests have a low level of life.
Ancient forests play a critical role in the world's climate.
Ancient forests provide habitat for plants and animals that have evolved over millions of years.
Ancient forgeries are definitely worth collecting in their own right.
Ancient forts dare to crack the icy monotony.
Ancient geometry rests on no a priori axioms or assumptions.
Ancient grains are often a richer source of nutrients than conventional grains.
Ancient greek philosophers develop concepts.
Ancient hieroglyphics record the application of pollen in the rituals of ancient civilizations.
Ancient History Ask about anything historical.
Ancient History can be one of the hardest periods of History to write about.
Ancient History contains many interesting links.
Ancient history flashes forward to the present on a visit to the pyramids.
Ancient history is at the top of the page, more recent history at the bottom.
Ancient history is common knowledge.
Ancient history is deeply relevant.
Ancient history is history
Ancient history is history.
Ancient history is no longer of interest.
Ancient History is one of the most interesting of all studies.
Ancient history meets Hollywood here, along with global culture.
More ancient history provides less comfort.
Ancient huts squeeze together with tiny homes under construction.
Ancient inscriptions are mad e on the northern altar wall.
Ancient kings have habits.
Most ancient kings have habits.
Ancient kingdoms surround the country's history.
Ancient knowledge speaks to our immediate future.
Many ancient labyrinths are red on a yellow ground.
Ancient lakes are time machines.
Ancient languages are, if anything, more complex and intricate than modern ones.
Most ancient languages have a word for calcium oxide.
Ancient lava flows around billion year old boulders.
Ancient lava flows record the latitude of cooling magma.
Most ancient legends have some basis in history.
Some ancient lineage has fins.
Some ancient lineage increases chances.
Ancient literature appears to suggest that the function of humanity is to A. understand the gods.
Ancient literature contains frequent references to fevers consistent with malaria symptoms.
Ancient literature is aswarm with bee metaphors.
Ancient literature mentions honey and honeybees with much gratitude for their bounty.
Ancient literature takes it for granted.
Ancient loot can carry strange diseases, curses and plagues.
Ancient magic abounds.
Ancient mammals include animals.
Ancient mammals include small animals.
Ancient mammals roam earth.
Ancient manuscripts cite morinda as an ingredient in many health preparations.
Ancient manuscripts cite morinda citrifolia as an ingredient in many health preparations.
Many ancient manuscripts exist that provide clear indications of what likely occurred.
Ancient maps depict the actual shape of parts of Antarctica that are today under ice.
Ancient material is handled in a readable and amply illustrated format.
Ancient medicine is a vast subject demanding specialized knowledge of many kinds.
Ancient memories combine with a tactile recognition of the physical laws of gravity and balance.
Ancient methanogens are the source of natural gas.
Ancient modernisms are no more to be accepted than contemporary ones.
Ancient monuments abound in the area and can be easily explored.
Ancient mounds offer insight to native culture.
Ancient myth associates the cricket with the lunar energies of intuition and sensitivity.
Ancient myths provide guidelines for our decision making process.
Ancient mythology contains stories of unicorns, horses with a single horn at the forehead.
Ancient mythology depicts time as being like a man who has long hair in front but is bald in back.
Ancient mythology is replete with stories of gods who took on the form of men.
Ancient oaks draped in Spanish moss grow within walking distance of the sand dunes.
Ancient oaks form huge canopies as they rest their curved boughs on the ground.
Ancient oaks growing in the bend of the river make the flood plain very picturesque.
Ancient oaks shade the tables and provide a perfect frame for the sunset.
Ancient objects are no less informative.
Ancient paths meander through gardens with year-round color.
Ancient people are more .
Ancient peoples rebuilt cities on top of other cities.
Some ancient peoples put their kings to death, really or symbolically, annually.
Ancient petroglyphs are especially abundant in Grapevine Canyon.
Ancient petroglyphs suggest that people have been fascinated by volcanoes for centuries.
Ancient petroglyphs tell the tales of long-gone tribes.
Ancient philosophers can also help today.
Ancient philosophers develop concepts.
Most ancient philosophers develop concepts.
Some ancient philosophers advise parents.
Ancient philosophy knows nothing of creation in the absolute sense of the word.
Ancient pictographs decorate the canyon's smooth, desert-varnished walls.
Ancient places are power places full of mystery and majesty.
Ancient pollen trapped in stone can reveal changes in vegetation.
Ancient pottery contains hidden clues about the people who made it.
Ancient practices centered on the devotion of the erotic couple can benefit modern relationships.
Ancient problems focus in the heat.
Ancient prophecy offers seekers choice in war between good and evil.
Ancient proverb says eat over bowl because pita overflows with goodness.
Ancient rainforests meet the wonder of the Great Barrier Reef right on our doorstep.
Ancient records exist referring to the Nara.
Ancient relics are further proof of Chinese visits to our shores.
Ancient religions are just as valid as modern ones are.
Some ancient reptiles vary in body shapes.
Some ancient reptiles vary in shapes.
Ancient ruins contrast with growing cities and high-tech industry.
Ancient ruins seem to be the favourite habitat of haduns.
Ancient sands continue to wash and drift into dunes along modern Lake Michigan.
Some ancient scenes are quite graphic in their depiction of over-indulgence.
Ancient scriptures speak of the container and the contained.
Ancient scrolls talk about flying in religious tones.
Ancient sculpture show that it was worn by dancers, queens and also sometimes by the kings.
Ancient sea caves far from the shore.
Ancient sharks swam the seas during the Permian period.
Ancient shell mounds, East Point Lighthouse.
Ancient ships keep popping up in the middle of their crops.
Ancient silk is draped around their gold-leaf bodies.
Ancient sites are historical sites.
Ancient sites are sites.
Ancient sites Meet people, go places, do things.
Many ancient sites are available through Heli-access.
Some ancient sites have multiple baths.
Ancient skills using local plants are very much alive.
Ancient skulls have certain characteristics.
Ancient societies furnish abundant evidence.
Ancient sources can be difficult to find and difficult to interpret.
Ancient sources describe many historical rugs.
Ancient sources emphasize that the eastern wall was circular.
Ancient spirits are archetypal visions given form.
Ancient spirits deliver messages.
Ancient spirits speak in the collective voices of ancient peoples.
Ancient spirits stalk the unsuspecting to live again in human form.
Ancient stairs lead to the second floor.
Ancient stereotypes make today s seem mild by comparison.
Ancient stockings made into rag rugs bring cries of recognition at the exhibit.
Ancient stone ruins punctuate the vegetation.
Ancient stories tell of a numinous woman who presides over the sacred labyrinth sites.
Ancient strongholds fall.
Ancient structures give a glimpse into the past.
Ancient studies exemplifies the options in approach available at Michigan.
Ancient superstition has it that carrying a piece of lavender permits a person to see ghosts.
Ancient superstition is played as cute and charming.
Ancient swamps are a source of the fossil fuel coal.
Ancient system gets new respect.
Ancient techniques used include encaustic, chasing and repousse, tapestry crochet and mokume gane.
Ancient technology is frequently magical in nature.
Ancient texts are always in a state of interpretation and reinterpretation.
Ancient texts are richly textured environments of analysis and interpretation.
Ancient texts provide more clues to the sources of our present travails.
Ancient texts recommend the monsoon period to be the best season for Ayurvedic treatments.
Ancient texts refer to the neem as 'the blessed tree' and the 'cure for all ailments'.
Ancient texts used in the following two courses are in English translation.
Many ancient texts are available on the Internet in translation.
Many ancient texts lift up mother-worship as a norm.
Ancient therapy is a source of biotech drugs.
Ancient times legends stories so dark.
Many ancient tombs survive intact and are visited by tourists.
Many ancient tools listed there are now obsolete and are no longer supported or widely used.
Ancient tooth reveals elephants' family tree.
Ancient tradition holds that sleep and death are brothers.
Ancient trails are already open to public use and are owned in fee simple by the state.
Ancient trees are the earth's pubic hair.
Ancient trees have hollow trunks.
Ancient trees have trunks.
Ancient trees stand stark and black and stripped of leaves.
Ancient trees stir in the mild spring air.
Most ancient trees have hollow trunks.
Some ancient trees have power.
Ancient vertebrates have problems.
Most ancient vertebrates have problems.
Ancient voices surround the manly carnation's voice.
Ancient warriors engage in combat.
Most ancient warriors engage in combat.
Ancient water stain on many pages in front and rear.
Ancient wisdom confirms modern heroism.
Ancient wisdom is best.
Ancient wisdom pours forth unadulterated by masculine polarity.
Ancient wisdom provides the vehicle for such an Intelligence.
Ancient wisdom says that a healthy mind and healthy body go together.
Ancient wisdom teaches that the argumentum ad antiquitatem is invalid.
Ancient witnesses are more trustworthy than contemporary.
Ancient woodland supports numerous threatened plants and animals.
Ancient woodlands are the British version of North Americas old-growth forests.
Ancient world gets precise chronology.
Ancient Worlds Go back in time to relive ancient history.
Ancient writers are all available in Loeb editions.
Ancient writers refer to balm by a variety of names, which adds to the difficulty of identification.
Some ancient writers consider it to have been for seven years.
Some ancient writers say their usual height was seven feet.
Ancient writings describe classic symptoms of schizophrenia.
Ancient writings speak of the single eye which is the light receptor of the body.
Many ancient writings refer to wives as sisters and husbands as brothers.
An ancient is an oldster
Ancients are almost always cheapest from specialist dealers .
Ancients are people.
Ancients are the icons of peoples long dead.
Ancients believe the cool blue of sapphire, had calming effects.
Ancients includes many unit types common to armies all over the world before the high middle ages.
Ancients take a lot of work and knowledge.
Ancillary characters are in a story for a reason, to bring color and flash in short bursts.
Ancillary costs can be expensive also.
Ancillary courses are available from the main programme.
Ancillary courses vary a bit.
Ancillary coursework includes computer science and statistics, Spanish and professional writing.
Ancillary data can also reduce the physical workload associated with satellite image interpretation.
Ancillary data is a sequence of struct cmsghdr structures with appended data.
Ancillary data is also possible at the socket level.
Ancillary departments are generally a diverse group with very different agendas from nursing.
Ancillary development Help to solve individual and collective problems.
Ancillary devices worn with the aviator's helmet can significantly compromise hearing protection.
Ancillary equipment includes glass knife makers and grid-staining units.
Ancillary equipment includes the bee smoker and hive tool which are essential for working bees.
Ancillary instruments Forceps A wide range of forceps are available for laparoscopic use.
Ancillary packaging applies to ancillary APGs that are assigned to a visit.
Ancillary pathologies occur, such as cardiomegaly or enlargement of the heart.
Ancillary personnel are welcome to attend.
Ancillary powers are powers that are necessarily incidental.
Ancillary publications are also an important part of our publishing network.
Ancillary relief is normally the most contentious part of any divorce proceeding.
Ancillary relief is often the most contentious part of any divorce proceeding.
Ancillary services are also a part of the open access tariffs.
Ancillary services are available at low cost.
Ancillary services are essential in the initial and continued stabilization of homeless persons.
Ancillary services can help bring consistency to care.
Ancillary services including laboratory testing and radiology are also available.
Ancillary services play a crucial role in underwriting that assumption.
All ancillary services are available.
Ancillary software takes care of back office tasks, administration, clearing and reporting.
Ancillary staff assist with correctives and extensions in the classroom.
Ancillary staff includes a secretary, computer programmer and care-taker.
Ancillary studies are also acceptable.
Ancillary terms fall into several major categories.
Ancillary tests can be helpful in the diagnosis of posterior scleritis.
Ancillary work can include drainage, traffic signalization, signage and marking, utilities, etc.
Anclote soils have a mollic epipedon.
Ancylid gastropods are small, fragile limpets found in most freshwater habitats.
Ands speaking of sound, and modern advances, avoid like crazy anything with digital sound.
Andalosi'yah music is a branch of the original Arabic music.
Andalusian horses are, of course, Spanish horses.
Andalusian melodies complete the partnership.
Andalusian music is characterised by a complicated musical structure.
Andean alder is a general purpose wood, somewhat like radiata pine.
Andean alder is the southernmost species of the genus Alnus .
Andean areas are cooler.
Most Andean birds avoid forests of non-native trees which are nothing more than biological deserts.
Andean cats have protection.
Most andean cats have protection.
Some andean cats have distribution.
Some andean cats have population size.
Some andean cats have size.
Some andean cats have small population size.
Some andean cats have small size.
Andean culture is alive and strong in Bolivia.
Andean forests are among the most biologically diverse in the world.
Andean glaciers are sensitive to climatic fluctuations.
Some andean miners kill flamingos.
Andean natives grow coca from seed.
Andean regions are cooler and it is especially cold at nights in the mountains.
Andean saddles are indescribable.
Andean shamans fly with condors.
Some Andean spuds are primitive but are frost-tolerant.
Andersen students know that all too well.
Andersen windows use only the finest wood and double-check millwork for precise craftsmanship.
Andesite lavas are rather rare, too, compared to basaltic lavas.
Andesite pumices are usually yellow or brown.
An andesite is an igneous rock
Andesites are dark gray to black.
Andesites are igneous rocks.
Andesites are most abundant in subduction-related arc volcanoes.
Andesites occur as extensive lava flows always associated with continental masses.
Andesites range from white to black, but most are dark gray or greenish gray.
Andesites typically occur as extensive lava flows associated with compression plate margins.
Andesitic lava holds lots of gas, so eruptions are very explosive.
Andesitic magma rises from the subduction zone to form a magmatic arc on the continental crust.
Andl chocolate is complicated to work.
Ando architecture speaks volumes.
Andorka library is available for university teachers and students.
Andorra isa thing.
Andouille sausage is available at some specialty food stores.
Andouille sausage is made from chitlins and tripe.
Andouille sausage is used regularly in Creole cooking, but it is popular in French cooking as well.
Andradite garnets are brown, black, green, yellow or colorless.
Andrean education is made more accessible.
Andrean students achieve the highest degree of moral and academic excellance in a safe environment.
Andretti hand picks each and every joke.
Androcentric theory is the view that the male sex is primary and the female secondary .
Androgen ablation is palliative and non-curative.
Androgen blockers are useful for halting scalp hair loss.
Androgen blockers can help reduce doses of hormones needed.
Androgen deficiency causes more loss of libido than erectile dysfunction.
Androgen deprivation can often produce regression of disease and improvement of symptoms.
Androgen excess can lead to problems as benign as acne or as serious as endometrial cancer.
Androgen excess can produce both hair loss and hirutism.
Androgen excess represents the most common cause of hirsutism.
An androgen is a sex hormone
Androgen causes comb growth and condition, and has a function in the formation of albumen.
Androgen refers to male-life or masculinizing characteristics.
Androgens affect brain structure and function.
Androgens affect the growth and function of the male reproductive organs.
Androgens also affect behavior.
Androgens also inhibit their own transformation into estrogen in the ovary.
Androgens are a group of hormones, of which testosterone is the most powerful.
Androgens are a neglected topic when it comes to non-reproductive actions on brain.
Androgens are also responsible for other changes in the genitals of boys.
Androgens are available combined with estrogen, for replacement therapy.
Androgens are converted to estrogen in various parts of a man's body, including bone.
Androgens are hormones that stimulate the sebaceous glands and hair follicles in the skin.
Androgens are important for maintaining bone density and sex drive.
Androgens are important for normal male sexual development before birth and during puberty.
Androgens are important in male sexual development around birth and at puberty.
Androgens are known to promote leanness and increased growth.
Androgens are male hormones that are present in both men and women, but are higher in men.
Androgens are male hormones, like testosterone.
Androgens are male hormones, the most common being testosterone.
Androgens are male sex hormones.
Androgens are neuroprotective in the dentate gyrus of adrenalectomized female rats.
Androgens are principally responsible for stimulating hair growth in both sexes.
Androgens are responsible for hair loss in women by the same mechanisms they cause hair loss in men.
Androgens are responsible for sexual differentiation in the fetus.
Androgens are sometimes helpful in raising the hematocrit.
Androgens are steroid hormones.
Androgens are steroids, such as testosterone.
Androgens are steroids.
Androgens are substances, usually hormones, responsible for male sex characteristics.
Androgens are the male hormones that cause beard growth, a deep voice and increased muscle mass.
Androgens are the male sex hormones, but they are also normally present in women.
Androgens are the male sex steroids.
Androgens are very potent chemicals.
Androgens can accelerate bone maturation without producing compensatory gain in linear growth.
Androgens can also potentially adversely affect the patient's lipid profile.
Androgens can cause retention of sodium and water.
Androgens can instruct the pituitary to decrease secretion of luteinizing hormone.
Androgens can trigger devastating changes in another hormone system important to aquatic life.
Androgens cause plug formation and increased sebum production.
Androgens continue to be produced mostly by the adrenal cortex.
Androgens directly stimulate proliferation of bone cells in vitro.
Androgens find use in the treatment of male hypogonadism regardless of the cause.
Androgens help trigger the development of the testes and penis in the male fetus.
Androgens increase sebaceous gland size and secretion rates, which can result in acne.
Androgens increase sex drive in both men and women and also increase irritability.
Androgens induce the following changes in boys at the time of puberty.
Androgens regulate bone resorption activity of isolated osteoclasts in vitro .
Androgens stimulate erythropoietin production by the kidney.
Androgens stimulate the hormone-sensitive sebaceous glands, which produce oil, known as sebum.
Androgens target specific organs that have androgen receptors.
All androgens appear to act on same receptors, but tissue sites vary in absorption and metabolism.
Androgenetic alopecia is a common form of hair loss in both men and women.
Androgenetic alopecia is a relatively new area of research.
Androgenetic alopecia is caused by testosterone and a genetic predisposition for baldness.
Androgenetic alopecia is genetic, pattern baldness.
Androgenetic alopecia is only one form of hair loss.
Androgenetic alopecia occurs much more frequently in men than in women.
Androgenic alopecia is a genetic condition that can affect both men and women.
Androgenic alopecia is a genetically predisposed condition that can affect both men and women.
Androgenic alopecia is a nonscarring variety.
Androgenic alopecia is another factor that can cause male-pattern baldness.
Androgenic alopecia is the most common cause of baldness in men and women.
Androgenic alopecia is the name for male and female pattern baldness.
Androgenic compounds can increase the number of dark cutters.
An androgenic hormone is a sex hormone
Androgenic hormones play the dominant role in regulating sebaceous gland activity.
Androgenic replacement is particularly important for relief of postmenopausal sexual dysfunction.
Androgenized cows are often safer to work around than gomer bulls.
An androgyne is a bisexual person
Androgynes are hermaphroditic, having both sex organs.
Androgynous figures appear in many art forms and in world mythologies.
Androgynous men feel more comfortable holding, touching and playing with babies.
Androgynous people are more adaptable.
Androgynous people are so erotic because they flicker, they're in motion.
Androgynous people tend to be able to form and sustain intimate relationships.
Androgynous women are more like men.
Many android developers call their creations 'humanoids' rather than androids.
An android is a golem
Androids are automatons.
Androids are docile when obedient but ingenious when insane.
Androids are immune to the laws of inertia.
Androids are physically stronger than humans, though they lack any kind of magic-using ability.
Androids are robots.
Androids are software.
Androids can join as racial guild members .
Androids chat with dwarves, and dragons wheel in the skies with airplanes.
Androids get it too.
Androids mop the floor.
All androids are androids.
Some Androids seem to be headed that way.
An andromeda is a bush
Andromedas are effective planted in a border or singly on a lawn.
Andromonoecious plants have both staminate and perfect flowers, and appears to be the wild type.
Andromonous populations enter the rivers to spawn in the fall and winter.
Androphilic behavior has to do with sexual preference.
Androphilic transsexuals reflect the developmental pattern typically associated with transsexualism.
Androphilic transsexuals seek heterosexual relationships with heterosexual males.
Andthe profits can be substantial.
Andtransported vehicles arrive with no additional miles on their odometers.
Anecdotal accounts outnumber hard data, experts say.
Anecdotal accounts suggest a few panhandlers do quite well.
Anecdotal advice is that the decline is continuing.
Anecdotal cases are often more difficult to evaluate than prospectively studied patients.
Anecdotal cases provide support for the belief that OCs worsen some medical conditions.
Anecdotal data are plentiful on how local governments have cut down energy consumption.
Anecdotal data is valuable.
Anecdotal data suggest that the situation for baby birds is similar or worse.
Anecdotal details confirm an Episcopal tie to the rosary.
Anecdotal discussions are important and welcomed.
Anecdotal evidence abounds, meanwhile.
Anecdotal evidence abounds.
Anecdotal evidence allows people to argue either way.
Anecdotal evidence appears to back that claim.
Anecdotal evidence bears out the numbers.
Anecdotal evidence can be dangerous.
Anecdotal evidence can never give a full picture of a society.
Anecdotal evidence claims that glucocorticoids have a similar effect.
Anecdotal evidence confirms the grim picture painted by the numbers.
Anecdotal evidence confirms the numbers.
Anecdotal evidence consists of stories of how a treatment worked in individual cases.
Anecdotal evidence continues to fall into disrepute.
Anecdotal evidence goes only so far, of course, but common sense goes far enough.
Anecdotal evidence indicates a high degree of patient satisfaction.
Anecdotal evidence indicates comparable levels of violence in other parts of the country.
Anecdotal evidence indicates decline in all sectors of the economy, beginning six months ago.
Anecdotal evidence indicates effectiveness in relieving side effects of chemotherapy.
Anecdotal evidence indicates no problem with bugs.
Anecdotal evidence indicates that few opportunities now exist.
Anecdotal evidence indicates that it is worse.
Anecdotal evidence indicates that teams work only about half the time.
Anecdotal evidence indicates that the non-financial economy is doing quite well.
Anecdotal evidence indicates the answer is somewhere in between the two extremes.
Anecdotal evidence indicates they lie.
Anecdotal evidence is a an effective and persuasive lobbying tool.
Anecdotal evidence is a form of inductive reasoning but it can lead to erroneous conclusions.
Anecdotal evidence is a popular argument among the distance education supporting authors.
Anecdotal evidence is all over the place.
Anecdotal evidence is available however.
Anecdotal evidence is better than none at all.
Anecdotal evidence is impossible to verify.
Anecdotal evidence is plentiful enough.
Anecdotal evidence is presented.
Anecdotal evidence is proof of nothing more than a series of events occured.
Anecdotal evidence is that creationism is becoming more of an issue in the UK as well.
Anecdotal evidence is useful, too.
Anecdotal evidence is very mixed.
Anecdotal evidence points in the same direction.
Anecdotal evidence proves nothing.
Anecdotal evidence puts a human face on the argument, and can be extremely powerful.
Anecdotal evidence replaces double-blind, standardized, and reproducible studies.
Anecdotal evidence reports that they hold even their own lives to be of little value.
Anecdotal evidence says yes.
Anecdotal evidence seems to suggest that, when braille is capitalised, one of two things happens.
Anecdotal evidence seems to support the benefits of single-sex high school classes.
Anecdotal evidence shows dropout rates are lower at the voucher schools.
Anecdotal evidence shows remarkable character.
Anecdotal evidence shows that children who eat breakfast have longer attention spans in school.
Anecdotal evidence shows that signing bonuses work.
Anecdotal evidence suggest students are gaining in language and social skills.
Anecdotal evidence suggest that deer velvet is beneficial for sufferers of male impotency.
Anecdotal evidence suggests a dosage as indicated below.
Anecdotal evidence suggests a high rate of success with creatine supplementation.
Anecdotal evidence suggests an impact at street level.
Anecdotal evidence suggests asthma cases are on the rise.
Anecdotal evidence suggests awareness is high across all groups.
Anecdotal evidence suggests home-based businesses are on the rise throughout the Bay Area.
Anecdotal evidence suggests lengthy surveys are the norm in agricultural economics survey research.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that an even higher percentage of cropland is actually drained.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that chickpea is resistant to grasshopper predation.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that competing bureaucracies are also part of the problem.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that convenience store accidents are epidemic.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that copayments for prescriptions are going to increase.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that facial scan technology has the capability to be very accurate.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that in the past there has been a reluctance to fine non-voters.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that it is beneficial.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that it is fairly widespread and a growing problem.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that many more are thinking of leaving or actively preparing to leave.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that many passengers are using the information.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that many writers suffer from frequent insomnia.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that models appearing in adverts aimed at women are getting thinner.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that most problems occur with customs.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that myometrial necrosis is counterproductive to childbearing.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that narcotics use by foreigners has increased.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that narcotics use by foreigners is increasing.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that number is large.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that some of the suppliers in Polk County operate from their homes.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that such problems are increasing, however.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the area has been flooded in the past.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the homeward trickle has become a flood of late.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the ranks of the homeless are growing in number and diversity.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the reflective essay itself was a valuable learning experience.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the situation is far worse in other parts of the world.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the take-up of public transport has been slow to say the least.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the trend is both widespread and wide-ranging.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that the use of fluorescent colors on signs improves their conspicuity.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that TVRs are very strong in frontal impacts.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that volunteer injuries are infrequent and minor.
Anecdotal evidence suggests that yawning helps increase the state of alertness.
Anecdotal evidence suggests the beginning of a buying trend locally.
Anecdotal evidence suggests the clinic has had a positive impact on attendance and dropout rates.
Anecdotal evidence suggests the red-hot real estate market is already one degree cooler.
Anecdotal evidence suggests the same situation exists here.
Anecdotal evidence suggests the survival rate for gulls is higher.
Anecdotal evidence suggests they are right.
Anecdotal evidence suggests wolves continue to migrate to new ground.
Anecdotal evidence tends to influence people and is fundamentally flawed and unreliable.
Much anecdotal evidence suggests the success of rich media branding.
Some anecdotal evidence is chilling.
Some anecdotal evidence supports the above discussion.
Anecdotal experience suggests it is efficacious, but solid clinical data are lacking.
Anecdotal information can add to the student's description of achievements.
Anecdotal information can provide the basis for powerful marketing.
Anecdotal information exists on a captured female which was permitted to move freely in a house.
Anecdotal information indicates a growing drug addiction problem in Afghanistan.
Anecdotal information indicates a substantial decline in numbers and distribution of the birds.
Anecdotal information indicates little, if any, abuse is outweighed by huge benefits.
Anecdotal information indicates that the sale of home safes has boomed.
Anecdotal information indicates that they often assume leadership roles in their districts.
Anecdotal information is mixed at best.
Anecdotal information is that hybrid females do have sex with male humans.
Anecdotal information is used liberally throughout the book.
Anecdotal information mirrors the split.
Anecdotal information suggests test weight and moisture are in the same range as reported above.
Anecdotal information suggests that some personnel experienced rashes, skin irritation and scaling.
Anecdotal information suggests the program is worth tens of millions of dollars.
Anecdotal information supports the use of nutrition and herbs to control pain indirectly.
All anecdotal information is preliminary.
Some anecdotal information is included.
Anecdotal leads are good.
Anecdotal material abounds.
Anecdotal observations suggest hare numbers are on the upswing.
Anecdotal records are brief accounts of behavior that are recorded in a log or on index cards.
Anecdotal records indicate simultaneous growth for all.
Anecdotal reports are appropriate if they can lead to testable claims.
Anecdotal reports are inexpensive and useful, but limited.
Anecdotal reports are similar.
Anecdotal reports claim that it causes tumor regression.
Anecdotal reports cover the entire spectrum from desired to undesired results.
Anecdotal reports describe what children can do.
Anecdotal reports indicate a benefit from ursodeoxycholic acid therapy.
Anecdotal reports indicate it helps some people.
Anecdotal reports indicate that excessive water use is fairly common.
Anecdotal reports point to cardiac arrest for patients taking diet drug.
Anecdotal reports say that most calls from emergency-only telephones result from stuck elevators.
Anecdotal reports show that many scientists are also keen amateur musicians.
Anecdotal reports show that short-term remissions with chemotherapy are possible.
Anecdotal reports suggest higher incidence of muscle cramps in athletes using creatine.
Anecdotal reports suggest many satisfied customers.
Anecdotal reports suggest that doing extremely large numbers of cycles is actually detrimental.
Anecdotal reports suggest that goats are more tolerant of hypericin than sheep and cattle.
Anecdotal reports suggest that most people are happy with their choice.
Anecdotal reports suggest that reuse of male condoms is associated with higher breakage rates.
Anecdotal reports suggest that there is a significant increase in numbers of cases of autism.
Anecdotal reports tend to focus on speed and objectivity.
Many anecdotal reports suggest the same thing.
Anecdotal research says they work.
Anecdotal stories float around the Web of servers that have run years without a crash.
An anecdote is a report
Anecdotes abound about biomagnetic therapy for pain relief.
Anecdotes abound about how fears of lawsuits discourage efforts to save salmon.
Anecdotes abound about their psychic timing.
Anecdotes abound in courthouse lore about the duo's more whimsical peccadilloes.
Anecdotes abound regarding the bedroom antics of famous writers, artists and actors.
Anecdotes abound that correlate the use of sunglasses with cancer.
Anecdotes abound to prove the point.
Anecdotes also make the case for strong public interest.
Anecdotes appear throughout the book.
Anecdotes are also helpful if they make a clear point.
Anecdotes are an effective tool to use here.
Anecdotes are common, but there's no strong evidence for cessation of smoking of weight loss.
Anecdotes are fine, as long as they have been substantiated.
Anecdotes are fun.
Anecdotes are great, as are quotes and personal examples.
Anecdotes are located in stories.
Anecdotes are much more effective because they resonate more with readers and viewers.
Anecdotes are no substitute for scientific investigation.
Anecdotes are no substitute.
Anecdotes are often poignant and telling.
Anecdotes are particularly effective openings.
Anecdotes are plentiful on both sides of the debate.
Anecdotes are powerful.
Anecdotes are probably among the most powerful communications tools ever discovered by man.
Anecdotes are reports.
Anecdotes are stories to make a point.
Anecdotes are sufficient to get the government involved as well.
Anecdotes can impart information while lending human interest.
Anecdotes describe a series of plateaus of experience.
Anecdotes draw students into the learning process by activating their imaginations.
Anecdotes glint throughout the book.
Anecdotes illustrate why some techniques succeed while others fail.
Anecdotes make information personal and push emotional buttons to make speeches memorable.
Anecdotes prove nothing by themselves, but they can help students understand abstract material.
Anecdotes recounting the experiences of real candidates looking for jobs illustrate key points.
Anecdotes regarding lack of credit transfer are abundant.
Anecdotes suggest that small banks in particular are big lenders to small business.
Anecdotes suggest the rising Hispanic presence in the area.
Anecdotes work better than facts to catch and keep interest.
Anecdotes work in the same way.
Anecdotes often are more tale telling than it appears.
Some anecdotes are impressive.
Some anecdotes are tepid and directionless, six seasons is simply too much to cover.
Anees says snakes eat away eggs laid by other snakes and thereby check their own population.
Anejo cheese is somewhat like Parmesan, dry and crumbly.
Anellino beans are very much in demand by chefs for their flavor and unique curlique shape.
Anembryonic gestation is one of the causes of miscarriage of a pregnancy .
Anemia affects about two billion people, especially weakening children and pregnant women.
Anemia affects development.
Anemia affects individuals.
Anemia afflicts an estimated two billion people worldwide, mostly due to iron deficiency.
Anemia associated with agnogenic myeloid metaplasia can also result in fatigue and weakness.
Anemia associated with dialysis is often more severe in children than in adults.
Anemia associated with low serum iron level or low-binding capacity is common.
Anemia associated with pregnancy is treated by giving iron tablets to women during prenatal care.
Anemia associated with sickle cell causes fatigue and a susceptibility to infections.
Anemia can also cause bruising, as well as allergies.
Anemia can also cause shortness of breath and can reduce the body's ability to fight infections.
Anemia can be a copper deficiency symptom.
Anemia can be a party of the clinical presentation of inflammatory bowel disease.
Anemia can be a result of blood loss or decreased production.
Anemia can be a risk in women for two reasons, menstrual bleeding and dietary deficiency.
Anemia can be a side effect of cancer, but is commonly caused by chemotherapy, a cancer treatment.
Anemia can be a sign of disease or of a diet lacking in iron.
Anemia can be a tough diagnosis though.
Anemia can be due to a number of causes.
Anemia can be extremely deadly.
Anemia can be mild, moderate, or severe enough to lead to life-threatening complications.
Anemia can be the only presenting sign of a gastrointestinal or rectal tumor.
Anemia can be the result of blood loss or blood donation.
Anemia can become a serious condition if left untreated.
Anemia can become a serious problem if it remains undiagnosed and untreated.
Anemia can cause fatigue, but it can be treated.
Anemia can cause gastritis.
Anemia can cause muscle cramping when inadequate oxygenation of muscle tissue occurs.
Anemia can cause shortness of breath, fatigue, and delayed growth and development in children.
Anemia can come from kidney failure or from chemotherapy to fix cancer .
Anemia can come from kidney failure or from chemotherapy to fix cancer.
Anemia can have many causes, but the most common is a lack of iron in the body.
Anemia can lead to feelings of fatigue.
Anemia can occur also if the red blood cells are broken down too quickly.
Anemia can occur at any age.
Anemia can occur at any time because of a malfunction with the regulation of red blood cells.
Anemia can occur in males or females, however, it is more common in females.
Anemia can produce a wide range of symptoms.
Anemia can produce retinal microangiopathy, which disappears upon normalization of the hemoglobin.
Anemia can restrict oxygen and carbon dioxide removal from the cells.
Anemia can result from a copper deficiency due to the iron copper ratio in the body.
Anemia can result when high levels of naphthalene are breathed, absorbed through the skin or eaten.
Anemia can result.
Anemia can sometimes be the result of an iron deficiency.
Anemia can take the form of loss of appetite and unusual fatigue or weakness.
Anemia causes a lowered conception rate.
Anemia causes a pale color and lack of circulation causes a bluish-purple color.
Anemia causes acute symptoms.
Anemia causes children to become tired, irritable, pale, and have short attention spans.
Anemia causes fatigue, weakness, and poor health.
Anemia causes pica in cats.
Anemia causes reduced oxygen-carrying capacity of the blood.
Anemia causes symptoms.
Anemia comes in many different forms with numerous causes.
Anemia develops despite adequate iron stores.
Anemia develops from iron deficiency.
Anemia follows from the destruction of red-blood cells.
Anemia has many causes.
Anemia increases perinatal mortality and maternal morbidity and mortality.
Anemia increases the risk of death from hemorrhage in childbirth.
Anemia is a blood disorder.
Anemia is a common condition found in people with an iron deficiency.
Anemia is a common problem beginning at about nine months of age.
Anemia is a common response to work place exposure.
Anemia is a common result of anorexia and starvation.
Anemia is a common result of blood loss during childbirth.
Anemia is a complication with repeated infections.
Anemia is a condition caused by some other disease state in the body.
Anemia is a condition due to a low number of red blood cells.
Anemia is a condition in which the blood has fewer red blood cells, right, than normal, left.
Anemia is a condition in which the blood is deficient in red blood cells and in hemoglobin.
Anemia is a condition in which the blood's iron-rich substance, hemoglobin, is diminished.
Anemia is a condition of the blood.
Anemia is a condition where the blood has low hemoglobin levels.
Anemia is a condition where the body manufactures an abnormally low level of red blood cells.
Anemia is a critical health concern because it affects growth and energy levels.
Anemia is a decrease in the number of red blood cells.
Anemia is a deficiency of red blood cells, which carry oxygen.
Anemia is a deficiency of red blood cells.
Anemia is a depletion of the red blood cells or hemoglobin.
Anemia is a disease of the blood that was initially associated with vampirism.
Anemia is a less common result of bone marrow depression.
Anemia is a low level of red blood cells and as a result, patients feel weak and tired.
Anemia is a low number of red blood cells or reduced hemoglobin.
Anemia is a low red blood cell count which leads to tiredness.
Anemia is a low red blood cell count.
Anemia is a major health problem for adolescent girls and women.
Anemia is a manifestation of iron deficiency when it is relatively severe.
Anemia is a non-communicable disease.
Anemia is a perfect example.
Anemia is a perfectly avoidable cause of death, remedied by a decent diet.
Anemia is a poor prognostic indicator for all ages.
Anemia is a potentially life-threatening condition that affects millions of dogs each year.
Anemia is a reduced number of red blood cells or hemoglobin or both.
Anemia is a reduction in the oxygen carried through the bloodstream by red blood cells.
Anemia is a risk factor for decubitus ulcer formation.
Anemia is a risk factor for the development of endometritis.
Anemia is a serious condition and needs medical attention.
Anemia is a shortage of hemoglobin in red blood cells.
Anemia is a shortage of red blood cells caused by damage to bone marrow.
Anemia is a shortage of red blood cells in the circulating blood.
Anemia is a symptom of other disorders.
Anemia is actually quite a simple disorder to treat if a few precautions are taken.
Anemia is actually the last stage of iron deficiency.
Anemia is already a potential problem in the young pigs, so caution is recommended.
Anemia is also a common complication of myeloma.
Anemia is also a common complication ofmyeloma.
Anemia is also common among teenagers, pregnant women and women nearing menopause.
Anemia is also common.
Anemia is also commonly present.
Anemia is also related to perinatal and maternal mortality.
Anemia is an abnormal reduction in the number of circulating red blood cells.
Anemia is an abnormally low level of red blood cells and hemoglobin in the blood.
Anemia is an easily treated condition.
Anemia is an iron deficiency.
Anemia is another major cause of child morbidity and mortality in Africa.
Anemia is blood disorder
Anemia is by far the most common illness and almost all women suffer from it.
Anemia is caused by depletion.
Anemia is caused by diseases.
Anemia is caused by hookworm diseases.
Anemia is characterized by a low level of red blood cells.
Anemia is common among adolescents, regardless of their level of physical activity.
Anemia is common among children and the elderly.
Anemia is common among pregnant women and young children.
Anemia is common among women.
Anemia is common and is due to bleeding into tissues.
Anemia is common due to loss of blood, folate or chronic disease itself.
Anemia is common during the course of the disease.
Anemia is common in many cat diseases.
Anemia is common in women.
Anemia is common with heavy infection.
Anemia is common, especially the women and is invariably aggravated by pregnancy.
Anemia is common, neutropenia is another common non-specific finding.
Anemia is common.
Anemia is confirmed through a blood test.
Anemia is corrected by red cell transfusions.
Anemia is corrected just prior to surgery with transfusions and erythropoietin therapy.
Anemia is defined as a low red blood cell count.
Anemia is diagnosed by a blood sample that counts the red blood cells.
Anemia is diagnosed by a blood test.
Anemia is diseases.
Anemia is due to an iron deficiency along with B vitamin deficiency.
Anemia is especially likely to occur in children during treatment with trientine.
Anemia is found most often in infants and young children.
Anemia is frequently the presenting condition for cancers, particularly leukemia and lymphoma.
Anemia is indicative of leukemia.
Anemia is marked.
Anemia is mild and mostly due to increased sequestration of red cell in the spleen.
Anemia is most common in women and children.
Anemia is observed.
Anemia is often a first sign.
Anemia is often a significant contributor to symptoms in persons with cancer.
Anemia is often a symptom of a disease rather than a disease itself.
Anemia is often normochromic and normocytic.
Anemia is often present.
Anemia is often secondary to a larger problem.
Anemia is on the increase and so is chronic systemic candida.
Anemia is present in acute ehrlichiosis, and liver enzyme abnormalities as well.
Anemia is seen mostly in menstruating individuals.
Anemia is severe, and the dogs are listless and be- come very weak and emaciated.
Anemia is suggestive of chronic blood loss, infection, malabsorption, or neoplasm.
Anemia is symptoms.
Anemia is the condition in which the number of red blood cells is low.
Anemia is the last stage of iron-deficiency.
Anemia is the main side effect associated with ribavirin.
Anemia is the medical term for decreased red blood cells.
Anemia is the most common blood disorder.
Anemia is the most common warning of nutritional deficiency in children.
Anemia is the most serious effect of lead on the hematologic system.
Anemia is the reduced numbers of red cells in the blood or generalized lack of blood.
Anemia is the result of a lack of enough hemoglobin.
Anemia is treated with iron supplements.
Anemia is uncommon, unless the amyloidosis is associated with myeloma.
Anemia is undoubtedly the disease most often affected by menstruation.
Anemia is unusual with adequate erythropoietin therapy, but still occurs occasionally.
Anemia is usually a symptom of a disease rather than a disease itself.
Anemia is usually mild and responds to oral protein, iron, and folic acid supplements.
Anemia is usually severe and normochromic normocytic in character.
Anemia is very common in lupus.
Anemia is when the bloods iron-rich substance, hemoglobin, is diminished.
Anemia isa condition.
Anemia leads to an increased cardiac workload, and ultimately failure.
Anemia leads to colonoscopy.
Anemia makes it easier for lead to get into the blood.
Anemia means a decrease in the normal amount of red blood cells.
Anemia means having a low blood count.
Anemia occurs commonly in infants, especially premature infants.
Anemia occurs for a number or reasons but they break down into two major categories.
Anemia occurs when the body's red blood cell count is very low.
Anemia occurs when the concentration of hemoglobin in red blood cells fall below normal.
Anemia occurs when there is too little iron stored in the body.
Anemia reduces the oxygen-carrying capacity of the blood and also increases the cardiac workload.
Anemia refers to a low hemoglobin level or a low number of properly functioning red blood cells.
Anemia responds to therapy.
Anemia results in deficient oxygen supply, loss of energy, and general bodily impairment.
Anemia tends to develop among the poor, alcoholics, and pregnant women.
Anemia tends to increase plasma levels.
Anemia often causes symptoms like dizziness, fatigue, rapid heart rate, leg cramps, and insomnia.
Anemia often is present.
Anemia often occurs.
Anemia often results from the breakdown and impaired production of red blood cells.
Many anemias are themselves iron loading.
Most anemia affects development.
Most anemia affects individuals.
Most anemia causes acute symptoms.
Most anemia causes symptoms.
Most anemia is caused by depletion.
Most anemia is caused by diseases.
Most anemia is caused by hookworm diseases.
Most anemia responds to therapy.
Some anemia associates with treatments.
Some anemia causes damage.
Some anemia causes fatigue.
Some anemia causes permanent damage.
Some anemia develops over time.
Some anemia follows destruction.
Some anemia follows erythrocyte destruction.
Some anemia is caused by menstruation.
Some anemia leads to death.
Some anemia requires blood transfusions.
Some anemia requires multiple blood transfusions.
Some anemia requires multiple transfusions.
Some anemia requires regular transfusions.
Some anemia requires transfusions.
Some anemia results in breaths.
Some anemia results in cardiac diseases.
Some anemia results in diseases.
An anemometer is a gage
Anemometer isa gage.
Anemometer isa gauge.
Anemometers are common at weather stations.
Anemometers are gauges.
Anemometers are important tools for meteorologist s, who study weather pattern s.
Anemometers are used to measure wind speed instead of wind direction.
Anemometers are used to measure wind speeds.
Anemometers exist for measurement of wind speed.
Anemometers generally use several cups to catch wind and turn a dial that displays wind speed.
Anemometers have (part) sections.
Anemometers have a rotating mass which requires some amount of time to fully respond to the wind.
Anemometers heat a wire to a specified temperature and then measure the rate of cooling.
Anemometers measure the apparent wind speed and indicate the apparent wind direction.
Anemometers measure the speed of the wind.
Anemometers measure wind speed and determine wind direction.
Anemometers require a correction or flow factor for each outlet to convert velocity readings to cfm.
Some anemometers have a device that measures the speed of the wind.
An anemone fish is a demoiselle
Anemone fish exemplify a symbiotic relationship between a fish and an invertebrate animal.
Anemone flowers have types.
Anemone flowers produce seeds.
An anemone is a flower
Anemone are easy to grow.
Anemone are perennials that have basal leaves with long leaf-stems that can be upright or prostrate.
Anemone catches prey attracted by clownfish and anemone gets nutrients from clownfish feces.
Anemone consists of two vents that often play independently.
Anemone has two vents.
Anemone is a good place to start when exploring the geyser basin.
Anemone is a Greek word meaning wind-flower.
Anemone isa angiosperm.
Anemone isa cnidarian.
Anemone makes a great little companion to plant around larger bulbs.
Anemone patens , var.
Anemone patens grows very well in a grazed habitat.
Anemone patens var.
Anemone ranunculoides ssp.
Anemone splits into two identical halves.
Anemone suffer a variety of plant diseases.
Anemone wants the department to do away with the fee.
Anemones also benefit from the relationship.
Anemones are always interesting to look inside or underneath.
Anemones are cnidarians, a group including corals and jellies.
Anemones are fascinating coral reef animals, which possess stinging cells to capture their prey.
Anemones are flowers.
Anemones are fun.
Anemones are hermaphroditic but each individual produces only one kind of gamete at any one time.
Anemones are hermaphroditic.
Anemones are like potato chips or buttered movie theater popcorn.
Anemones are like single mums but with a rounded crest of deeper color.
Anemones are located in asses.
Anemones are located in books.
Anemones are located in bugs.
Anemones are located in cartoons.
Anemones are located in catalogs.
Anemones are located in dictionaries.
Anemones are located in dirt.
Anemones are located in floral arrangements.
Anemones are located in flower beds.
Anemones are located in flower pots.
Anemones are located in forests.
Anemones are located in greenhouses.
Anemones are located in japans.
Anemones are located in kelp forests.
Anemones are located in maines.
Anemones are located in marsh.
Anemones are located in meadows.
Anemones are located in nurseries.
Anemones are located in places.
Anemones are located in ponds.
Anemones are located in pools.
Anemones are located in pots.
Anemones are located in reefs.
Anemones are located in salt water.
Anemones are located in saltwater aquariums.
Anemones are located in saltwaters.
Anemones are located in sea water.
Anemones are located in seafood restaurants.
Anemones are located in slides.
Anemones are located in stores.
Anemones are located in tide pools.
Anemones are located in water.
Anemones are located in wood.
Anemones are meat eating animals.
Anemones are members of the buttercup family.
Anemones are one of the most recognizable organisms in our tanks even to laypersons.
Anemones are plants.
Anemones are pretty common here.
Anemones are responsible for drawing countless aquarists into the reef keeping hobby.
Anemones are sessile, attaching themselves, like the hydras, to a substrate.
Anemones are similar to corals in that they both have polyps that are used for obtaining food.
Anemones are small blossoming flowers available in a rainbow of colors.
Anemones are solitary polyps that lack a skeleton.
Anemones belong to the buttercup family.
Anemones belong to the phylum Cnidaria, which means stinging animals.
Anemones bloom in springs.
Anemones can be semi-aggressive and sting other anemones that invade their space.
Anemones close up when the tide is out, keeping in the moisture necessary for survival.
Anemones contain an acrid compound called anemonin.
Anemones eat crabs.
Anemones exhibit variation.
Anemones feed on fish, shrimp and plankton.
Anemones form some interesting mutualistic relationships with other organisms.
Anemones gain extra nourishment.
Anemones gain nourishment.
Anemones grow in habitats.
Anemones have (part) blossoms.
Anemones have (part) brains.
Anemones have (part) carpels.
Anemones have (part) cell membranes.
Anemones have (part) cells.
Anemones have (part) coelenterons.
Anemones have (part) corpi.
Anemones have (part) cytoplasm.
Anemones have (part) ears.
Anemones have (part) faces.
Anemones have (part) flowers.
Anemones have (part) heads.
Anemones have (part) nuclei.
Anemones have (part) ovaries.
Anemones have (part) perianths.
Anemones have (part) plasma membranes.
Anemones have (part) sections.
Anemones have (part) skulls.
Anemones have (part) stamens.
Anemones have (part) vacuoles.
Anemones have algas.
Anemones have an orderly frame of tame petals surrounding a frizzy center.
Anemones have different grow requirements.
Anemones have different kinds.
Anemones have different requirements.
Anemones have guts.
Anemones have kinds.
Anemones have life.
Anemones have metabolism.
Anemones have microscopic algas.
Anemones have mouths.
Anemones have organs.
Anemones have photosynthetic algas.
Anemones have requirements.
Anemones have sense organs.
Anemones have short vase life.
Anemones have sting.
Anemones have stinging cells called nematocysts that keep away most predators.
Anemones have stinging cells in their tentacles that can hurt an attacking octopus.
Anemones have tentacles which paralyze their prey, and bring their prey towards their mouth.
Anemones have vase life.
Anemones live in places.
Anemones live well over one hundred years.
Anemones look good, and grow, well in flower beds or rock gardens.
Anemones make good container plants, too.
Anemones obtain nutrients.
Anemones occur in fine patches, and buttercups, and several species of daisies and lupines.
Anemones play many roles in the ecosystems where they live.
Anemones possess tentacles.
Anemones receive oxygen.
Anemones release toxins.
Anemones rely on stinging cells located in their tentacles to capture prey like shrimps and crabs.
Anemones reproduce in a variety of ways.
Anemones require bright light in order to survive.
Anemones require very clean water and high quality lighting.
Anemones tend to stay in one place, but can slide along.
Anemones thrive in zones.
Anemones often shelter small shrimps in their tentacles.
Anemones usually attach themselves to rocks or the substrate in the aquarium.
All anemones are poisonous if ingested.
Many anemones also host symbiotic algae within their cells.
Many anemones are hermaphroditic - possessing both sperm and eggs within the same individual.
Many anemones clone themselves and form clusters of genetically identical individuals.
Many anemones leave little bits of their pedal discs behind when they move.
Many anemones live in close association with other organisms.
Most anemones are hardy if given proper water quality and lighting.
Most anemones do best in rich, moist soil with the afternoon shade.
Most anemones eat crabs.
Most anemones gain extra nourishment.
Most anemones gain nourishment.
Most anemones grow in habitats.
Most anemones have different grow requirements.
Most anemones have different kinds.
Most anemones have different requirements.
Most anemones have guts.
Most anemones have kinds.
Most anemones have life.
Most anemones have metabolism.
Most anemones have microscopic algas.
Most anemones have mouths.
Most anemones have organs.
Most anemones have photosynthetic algas.
Most anemones have requirements.
Most anemones have sense organs.
Most anemones have short vase life.
Most anemones have vase life.
Most anemones live in places.
Most anemones obtain nutrients.
Most anemones possess tentacles.
Most anemones prefer to stay stuck where they are.
Most anemones receive oxygen.
Most anemones survive in a symbiotic relation with with a marine algae called zooxanthellae .
Most anemones survive in a symbiotic relation with with a marine algae called zooxanthellae.
Most anemones thrive in zones.
Some anemones are also more likely to move than others.
Some anemones become prey.
Some anemones divide into two different parts.
Some anemones glide along their pedal discs like a snail or move like an inchworm.
Some anemones have basal disks.
Some anemones have brains.
Some anemones have digestive enzymes.
Some anemones have disks.
Some anemones have enzymes.
Some anemones have necessary digestive enzymes.
Some anemones have sting tentacles.
Some anemones have stingers.
Some anemones have tentacles.
Some anemones have tubes.
Some anemones help crabs.
Some anemones kill prey.
Some anemones kill sea slugs.
Some anemones kill slugs.
Some anemones piggyback on the shells of hermit crabs.
Some anemones possess suckers.
Some anemones provide food.
Some anemones provide homes.
Some anemones require bright light.
Some anemones require light.
Anemonefish species are recruited to areas where the fish are commonly found.
Anemophilous flowers use the wind to move pollen from one flower to the next.
An anergy is disorder
Anergy is the inability to react to skin tests because of a weakened immune system.
Anergy is the inability to react to skin tests because of immunosuppression.
An aneroid barometer is a barometer
All aneroid barometers have an adjustment screw in the back.
Anerythristic corns are gray snakes with black saddles.
Aneshetic situation depends on regions and hospitals.
All anesthesia care is provided with the highest degree of professionalism.
Most anesthesia equipment being manufactured today includes scavenging systems.
Anesthesia fluid is placed under the skin above the chest muscles.
Anesthesia incidents are rare today and becoming rarer.
Many anesthesia nurses are male.
Anesthesia can also cause nausea.
Anesthesia can also make a baby groggy.
Anesthesia can be a special concern for certain breeds.
Anesthesia can either be sedation or full general anesthesia.
Anesthesia can leave a person feeling off center for quite some time.
Anesthesia consists of minimal sedation and a local block for comfort.
Anesthesia has since become second nature to surgery, just as breathing is second nature to living.
Anesthesia is a condition
Anesthesia is drug therapy.
An anesthesiologist is a specialist
Anesthesiologists administer anesthetics to make patients insensible to pain during surgery.
Anesthesiologists administer drugs that bring about hypnosis, paralysis and pain relief.
Anesthesiologists already find it difficult to get work.
Anesthesiologists already have ample experience with claims-editing software.
Anesthesiologists also have the medical background to deal with many emergency situations.
Anesthesiologists also prescribe and administer drug therapies for acute or chronic pain.
Anesthesiologists are also consultants in the management of chronic pain.
Anesthesiologists are an important part of the team that provides care to women in labor.
Anesthesiologists are at home in private practice and in federal, municipal and state hospitals.
Anesthesiologists are aware of the slow emptying of the stomach as labor approaches.
Anesthesiologists are better than nurse anesthetists.
Anesthesiologists are concerned with many aspects of a child's care.
Anesthesiologists are concerned with many aspects of a pet s care.
Anesthesiologists are fully qualified physicians.
Anesthesiologists are human and make errors too.
Anesthesiologists are medical doctors.
Anesthesiologists are physicians who are especially suited for managing severe pain.
Anesthesiologists are physicians who specialize in preventing and relieving pain.
Anesthesiologists are physicians, and nurse anesthetists are nurses.
Anesthesiologists are responsible for care of the surgical patient before, during and after surgery.
Anesthesiologists are specialists in control of both acute and chronic pain.
Anesthesiologists are specialists.
Anesthesiologists are well-suited to become leaders and managers of their organization.
Anesthesiologists are well-trained experts in handling emergency situations.
Anesthesiologists can bill for medically directing CRNAs.
Anesthesiologists diagnose and treat acute and long-standing pain problems.
Anesthesiologists diagnose and treat acute and longstanding pain problems.
Anesthesiologists diagnose and treat patients who have critical illnesses or are severely injured.
Anesthesiologists directly contact listed employers.
Anesthesiologists do all the work behind the surgery.
Anesthesiologists don t get ahead, they only break even.
Anesthesiologists focus on the care of surgical patients and on pain relief.
Anesthesiologists give more intravenous drugs than all other types of physicians combined.
Anesthesiologists have the option of becoming board certified.
Anesthesiologists know how animals react to hospitals and surgery.
Anesthesiologists know how children react to hospitals and surgery.
Anesthesiologists oppose the proposal.
Anesthesiologists provide analgesia while maintaining and supporting vital functions during surgery.
Anesthesiologists provide coverage at all times for both surgical and obstetric patients.
Anesthesiologists receive more training in regional anesthesia than nurse anesthetists.
Anesthesiologists seem to be hit particularly hard by claim denials.
Anesthesiologists understand the importance of maintaining normothermia for best patient outcome.
Anesthesiologists warn patients to stop taking herbal supplements before surgery.
Anesthesiologists work in intensive care units to help critically ill patients to stable condition.
Anesthesiologists often have less patient contact than many other types of physician.
Anesthesiologists often work long hours.
All anesthesiologists are welcome as members if they have an interest in pediatric anesthesia.
Many anesthesiologists are familiar with the example of monitored anesthesia care.
Many anesthesiologists have a special capacity for new ways of thinking, often expressed in art.
Many anesthesiologists receive further postgraduate education to become pain management specialists.
Many anesthesiologists supervise two or more surgeries at a time, moving between operating rooms.
More anesthesiologists now choose to work less because of family issues or dual careers.
Some anesthesiologists feel they are necessary.
Some anesthesiologists hemodilute their patients immediately before surgery.
An anesthesiology is medicine
Anesthesiologies are medicine.
Anesthesiology contains information directly relevant to the specialty of anesthesiology.
Anesthesiology focuses on perception of pain, and pharmacologic alteration of consciousness.
Anesthesiology has no basis in science.
Anesthesiology is a main subject heading for collection development.
Anesthesiology is a recognized specialty of medicine.
Anesthesiology is a service-oriented specialty.
Anesthesiology is a significant aspect of veterinary practice.
Anesthesiology is considered a service, only slightly above other services in the hospital.
Anesthesiology is in the forefront of realistic simulation in the field of medicine.
Anesthesiology is one of the best-kept secrets in medicine.
Anesthesiology is safer and better.
Anesthesiology is the field of medicine concerned with pain relief during surgery.
Anesthesiology is the field of medicine that deals with anesthesia and anesthetics.
Anesthesiology is the practice of medicine.
Anesthesiology is unlike office based medical practices.
Anesthesiology maintains the portable equipment.
Anesthetic action can help toothaches.
Anesthetic acupuncture is actually only the newest of several applications.
An anesthetic agent is a drug
Anesthetic agents cause vasodilation, which also contributes to hypotension.
Some anesthetic agents suppress heartrate and others have little effect.
Anesthetic data are rudimentary.
Anesthetic drops can anesthetize the surface of the eye, eliminating painful sensations.
Anesthetic drops keep the procedure painless.
Anesthetic drops numb the eye, and an optional mild tranquilizer eases anxiety.
Anesthetic drugs used in surgery have different effects on women than men.
All anesthetic drugs are potent and can cause serious problems although new drugs are much safer.
Many anesthetic drugs affect blood flow to major organs and are inactivated by the liver.
Some anesthetic drugs block certain receptors.
Anesthetic gases displace oxygen in the lungs and depress the respiratory center of the brain.
Anesthetic induction is performed via mask for most pediatric patients.
Anesthetic recovery is faster, particularly with isoflurane.
Anesthetic rest is increased in overweight people and asthmatics.
Anesthetic risks are a possibility but no severe problems have been encountered.
Anesthetic sprays do, too.
Anesthetic is a drug
Anesthetic is drugs.
Anesthetic isa drug.
Anesthetics are another concern for pet owners.
Anesthetics are depressant drugs that produce a partial or total loss of the sense of pain .
Anesthetics are more selective for inhibition of A d and C fibers than are analgesics.
Anesthetics are next, and hydrocarbons appear to cause the most liver damage.
Anesthetics are substances that block nerves so that they can no longer transmit pain signals.
Anesthetics are unique drugs in pharmacology.
Anesthetics are useful for sedating such fish, and to reduce the metabolic activity.
Anesthetics block pain by blocking the transmission of nerve signals.
Anesthetics differ from alcohol in their duration of action and elimination kinetics.
Anesthetics have effects on breathing, heart action and blood pressure.
Anesthetics increase cytosolic calcium in mononuclear cells from normal and MH-susceptible patients.
Anesthetics wear off at different rates.
Many anesthetics consist of nothing more than intramuscular ketamine and a secure airway.
Many anesthetics exist as racemates, or pairs of optically active enantiomers.
Most anesthetics can cause low blood pressure.
Some anesthetic is delivered through the microcatheter to numb the inside of the duct.
Some anesthetics can be hazardous to the user.
Some anesthetics have side effects.
An anesthetist is a specialist
Anesthetists do it painlessly.
Anesthetists operate equipment that regulates the flow of oxygen and gases.
Anesthetists watch equipment that monitors the patient.
Anestrous sows are animals that fail to return to estrus following weaning.
Aneuploidies are chromosomal abnormalities.
Aneuploidy demonstrates a malignant potential in fibrohistiocytic tumors.
Aneuploidy is abnormalities.
Aneuploidy is an abnormality
Aneuploidy is characteristic of cancers.
Aneuploidy is chromosome abnormalities.
Aneuploidy is diseases.
Most aneuploidy causes spontaneous abortion.
Some aneuploidies cause characteristic symptoms in survivors.
An aneurism is a cardiovascular disease
Aneurisms are dilations of the blood vessels.
Aneurysm is a cardiovascular disease
Aneurysm is cardiovascular diseases.
Aneurysm is diseases.
Aneurysm is illnesses.
Aneurysms require careful follow-up with medication or surgery to avoid a rupture.
Aneurysms require emergency treatment.
All aneurysms have the potential to rupture.
Many aneurysms have no symptoms until they burst.
Most aneurysms are asymptomatic until they rupture.
Most aneurysms are fusiform or show uniform dilatation of the entire circumference of the vessel.
Most aneurysms are of an atherosclerotic etiology.
Most aneurysms are small enough to be followed with ultrasound exam on a yearly basis.
Most aneurysms are stable for decades.
Most aneurysms occur in large blood vessels, especially the aorta.
Most aneurysms occur in the main artery of the body - the aorta.
Most aneurysms result from the development of abnormal arterial vessel walls.
Some aneurysms can produce double vision, blurred vision and stroke with paralysis.
Aneurysmal bone cysts in very young children.
Aneurysmal bone cysts in young children.
ANFI site is the biggest site about cats of all breed in Italy.
ANGC construction begins.
Angel babies enter heaven.
An angel cake is a sponge cake
Angel cake is a good choice because it is low in fat and cholesterol.
Angel City downloads Chain approve that gentlemen both start fork.
Angel City is about slavery among modern-day migrant workers.
Angel fire is a beautiful area but beware of doing business there.
Angel fish are among the most popular aquarium fish.
Angel fish are popular, and display best in a vertical tank.
Angel fish tend to be solitary creatures that frequent the same territory day after day.
Angel food is a delicacy to savor and enjoy.
Angel hair puttanesca.
Some angel hair is made of fiberglass which is very dangerous if eaten.
Angel insects are small and are most often found living under the bark of trees or in rotting wood.
Angel investors are a better source of funding for start-ups.
Angel investors are a key source of capital for young, private firms.
Angel investors are also out there waiting for good business ideas.
Angel investors are another option.
Angel investors are extraordinarily important for their experience and contacts.
Angel investors are one possibility, though there's less cash available than there was a year ago.
Angel investors are private individuals or groups that invest their own money into new companies.
Angel investors are the most basic kind of venture capitalists.
Angel investors are typically wealthy individuals with significant business experience.
Angel investors are wealthy individuals who invest relatively small amounts of money in startups.
Angel investors expect bad news.
Angel investors invest close to home.
Angel investors join for free to view the investment opportunities.
Angel investors specialize in startups and companies in the earliest development stages.
Angel investors tell their stories in their own words.
Some angel investors can also contribute tremendous business insight and experience.
Angel money is the pat on the back, the encouragement and support.
Angel music is thought to be the vibration of the universe, the song of creation and life.
Angel network plays cupid for startups.
An angel shark is a shark
Angel sharks are fish.
Angel sharks are ovoviviparous.
Angel sharks are sharks.
Angel sharks bury themselves on the Ocean bottom, and wait for prey to swim by.
Angel sharks bury themselves on the seabed and wait for prey to come near.
Angel sharks feed mainly on bony fish, but also eat skates, crabs and squid.
Angel sharks have nostrils.
Angel sharks have senses.
Angel sharks have sides.
Angel sharks kill prey.
Angel sharks live in environments.
Angel sharks tend to live in fairly shallow seas, feeding on bottom-living animals.
Most angel sharks have senses.
Most angel sharks have sides.
Most angel sharks kill prey.
Most angel sharks live in environments.
Some angel sharks have jaws.
Some angel sharks have large jaws.
Some angel sharks have stingrays.
Some angel sharks have trouble.
Angel trumpets grow on the North end of the compound.
Angel trumpets lift white luminous faces to the random flights of evening moths.
Angel wing jasmine have flowers.
Angel wing jasmine have shape flowers.
Angel wings Achieving worldwide goals can be fraught with frustrating sour notes.
Angel wings are food.
Angel wings shed feathers constantly, yet never run out.
An angel is a spiritual being
Angel announces cutoff point.
Angel bears with embroidered messages and sparkle accents.
Angel becomes available.
Angel begins to get nervous seeing the sunlight outside of the church.
Angel can help with relationship, love, marriage and heartache worries.
Angel can play first or the outfield.
Angel changes all that.
Angel contain through little earth and raise cheap big bertha.
Angel copy Flag about a customers beside none hunger.
Angel costumes for angels optional.
Angel descends, lights the center of the painting.
Angel destroys the gang, and now asks for forgiveness.
Angel evades the topic of the prom.
Angel falls overflight by plane.
Angel floats at the opening ceremonies.
Angel fountains, table top, outdoor, cement, resin and more.
Angel gives a surprised yelp and looks around the room.
Angel goes, anyway.
Angel graduates from college, and returns home.
Angel interjects before Scruples can disagree.
Angel is after something here.
Angel is approx.
Angel is complex being.
Angel is different.
Angel is extremely motivated, organized and goal-oriented.
Angel is gone.
Angel is immortal.
Angel is kneeling down , the inside of the box has a painted prayer book.
Angel is neither quite monster nor quite human.
Angel is old.
Angel is part of the team which investigates the new mutant birth in Alaska.
Angel is peerless.
Angel is pregnant.
Angel is such a better show.
Angel isa belief.
Angel learns the value of groveling.
Angel lectures on the topics of physical, analytical, instrumental and general chemistry.
Angel lies awake in the early morning, waiting for the rest of the family to begin the day.
Angel lies on the coast, west of the main hi way.
Angel lives in Oakland County, Michigan and is a supervisor at a law firm in Rochester Hills.
Angel lives in Vancouver.
Angel looks away from the ugly spectacle.
Angel looks in book and smiles.
Angel loves hitting and chasing pipe cleaners from a craft store.
Angel loves to explore and loves sex.
Angel never mentions any family.
Angel offers creative solutions that can easily apply over a range of mediums and media.
Angel offers soothing words to Nash about the possible death of hisd father.
Angel perform Storm through time against many afl football equipment next surprise inside any debt.
Angel provides good, though slightly opaque, sound.
Angel pull through either family when lay easton arrow.
Angel reacts immediately and runs to a shadowy corner of the room.
Angel revels in violence.
Angel sees small raises for the next few years.
Angel shows no signs of aggression, just LOTS of energy and boxer buttwiggles.
Angel shows up in time to see everything wrapped up.
Angel shows up.
Angel specializes in argentine tango.
Angel stand within all cow if hold crown moulding.
Angel stand within all cow if hold large slotted spatulas.
Angel stands in the corner, panting.
Angel stands up and looks around.
Angel supply a design, contruction and installation service.
Angel teaches esoteric inner forms of Spiritual Belly Dance that few teachers are aware of.
Angel travels frequently.
Angel walks off.
Angel wears long, loose gown of homespun materials, earthspun color.
Angel works hard and is very competitive.
Angel works with both young people and adults in the area of sexuality education.
Angels abound as sources of seed money and wisdom.
Angels adorn coffee mugs, T-shirts, note cards and even check books.
Angels also function as heavenly warriors and as guardians.
Angels also have grades or ranks and they vary in ability and power.
Angels also minister or serve.
Angels also superimpose themselves on individuals in order to bring a message.
Angels also worship.
Angels appear at the intersection of life and death.
Angels appear at the intersection points of biblical history.
Angels appear bearing candles, a towel and the bleeding spear.
Angels appear from secret places deep within the soul.
Angels appear in different forms.
Angels appear on the pages of sacred writings of nearly all the major world religions.
Angels appear to people in reality and in dreams.
Angels appear to some in their full Etheric winged form to bring news or guidance.
Angels appear to the shepherds, singing a chorus of praise.
Angels appear with beating wings And declare to all a babe is born.
Angels are . .
Angels are a beautiful existence of light and appreciation for the joy of being.
Angels are a completely separate order of beings from men.
Angels are a gift from the heart.
Angels are a godsend.
Angels are a highly profitable modern business and more.
Angels are a part of our lives and can be a tremendous help to our spiritual advancement.
Angels are a pool of energy.
Angels are a popular item in our day.
Angels are a popular item right now.
Angels are a popular subject in folklore, literature, and art.
Angels are a single consciousness with individual expression.
Angels are a small step away from reaching their musical heaven.
Angels are a very popular topic in today's media.
Angels are able to fly short distances and have some overpowering magic in their books.
Angels are able to take on a host of forms and shapes.
Angels are about bringing order to our lives and the world.
Angels are actually men.
Angels are also role models.
Angels are also territorial spirits and are assigned to particular earthly territories.
Angels are also witnesses. .
Angels are always at work.
Angels are always dynamic.
Angels are always memorable because they never forget what really matters.
Angels are always there and the class feels it is already part of the club.
Angels are always there to listen.
Angels are among the most frequent images found in stained glass.
Angels are an enigma.
Angels are an express portion of our divinity.
Angels are an integral part of visions of all kinds.
Angels are ancient beings whose true form is composed of intelligence and feeling.
Angels are angels, and humans are humans.
Angels are another frequently overlooked reservoir of capital.
Angels are another race of beings occupying the same space and time as mankind.
Angels are at an all time high in the popular opinion polls.
Angels are at work today just like they've always been.
Angels are available in two sizes.
Angels are beautiful.
Angels are beings of light and can take beautiful forms.
Angels are beings that have the ability of movement without wings.
Angels are beings who actually do something to make a difference, to make a life count.
Angels are best sellers and TV stars.
Angels are big and strong.
Angels are big everywhere.
Angels are bodiless, immortal spirits , limited in knowledge and power.
Angels are both spiritual and physical as well except they can choose to manifest in either form.
Angels are both stronger and more knowledgeable than man.
Angels are bright lights in the midst of our lives.
Angels are bright still, though the brightest fell.
Angels are by no means the syrupy, sentimentalized, little winged cherubs of Victorian iconography.
Angels are capable of having sex and reproducing.
Angels are celestial beings of a higher vibrational level than guides.
Angels are celestial. . . .
Angels are clean.
Angels are closest of all to people.
Angels are concerned for lost souls.
Angels are creatures of light.
Angels are critical for entrepreneur's first rounds.
Angels are different from humans.
Angels are difficult to find.
Angels are divine.
Angels are especially conspicuous in the first six chapters of the book.
Angels are eternal.
Angels are evangelists.
Angels are even available now through Internet links and networks.
Angels are everywhere.
Angels are exceedingly strong and of superior intelligence.
Angels are extremely powerful beings.
Angels are extremely successful, high profile people within their own worlds.
Angels are fascinating, but they are creations of the One who really fascinates.
Angels are fashionable.
Angels are favorites among today's youngsters.
Angels are films.
Angels are for real.
Angels are forever.
Angels are full of brilliance and splendor.
Angels are full of brilliance, brightness and splendour.
Angels are genderless, although they have have male or female type energies.
Angels are genuine.
Angels are good spirits, unlike their counterparts the demons.
Angels are hard to find.
Angels are heavenly friends sent from above to spread peace, comfort and love.
Angels are heavenly messengers.
Angels are here for all humanity.
Angels are here in vast numbers.
Angels are here to help by providing a little extra spiritual grease when things get rough.
Angels are hot right now.
Angels are human figures with wings.
Angels are immortal.
Angels are impressive, to say the least.
Angels are in vogue right now.
Angels are incorporeal, but have got a blazing power.
Angels are indeed every where.
Angels are instruments of peace.
Angels are invisible beings.
Angels are light because they have no burden of pride .
Angels are light, tall and proportionate.
Angels are like humans, just different evolutionary paths.
Angels are like rechargeable batteries.
Angels are marginal.
Angels are messengers of divine guidance.
Angels are messengers of divine providence.
Angels Are Messengers Of Our Higher Power.
Angels are messengers themselves.
Angels are messengers.
Angels Are Messengers.
Angels are microwaves.
Angels are much more forgiving.
Angels are mysterious.
Angels are neither male nor female.
Angels are no myth.
Angels are non physical beings that appear to prophets in prophetic visions.
Angels are now ready for pick-up in the church office.
Angels are often entrepreneurs themselves.
Angels are often merely flesh and blood, short of perfection, yet capable of miracles.
Angels are only present as individuals.
Angels are our attendants.
Angels are our gentlest friends.
Angels are our heavenly counterparts.
Angels are our servants.
Angels are out, eternal torture is in.
Angels are patrons.
Angels are people.
Angels are popular in decorative use.
Angels are popular now.
Angels are popular on television.
Angels are possibly the evolved forms of mankind.
Angels are powerful thought forms that help to hold the world together.
Angels are present in all of Scripture.
Angels are prettier and happier when they smile with their heart.
Angels are private individuals who invest their own funds in start-up companies.
Angels are private individuals who invest their own money, mainly in startups.
Angels are private investors looking for new business investments.
Angels are prominent elsewhere in Catholic theology, too.
Angels are proof of that love.
Angels are pure light.
Angels are pure spirits whose natural state is to be disembodied.
Angels are pure spirits.
Angels are pure, without guile, without sin, loving, and all forgiving.
Angels are purely good news.
Angels are purely spiritual and splendid beings whose nature requires no food, drink or sleep.
Angels are real and present in our world.
Angels are real, but so are the dreadful deceitful, cunning, lying spirits called demons.
Angels are real, folks.
Angels are real.
Angels are really very down to earth.
Angels are rife in rock'n'roll.
Angels are rivers.
Angels are scarce, as are electrifying miracles.
Angels are seemingly among the most alert and intelligent of aquarium fish.
Angels are special guardians.
Angels are special.
Angels are spirit beings.
Angels are spirit creatures.
Angels are spirits whereas believers are flesh and blood.
Angels are spirits, however they are inhuman spirits.
Angels are spirits, serving the bidding of the monarch of the universe.
Angels are spirits.
Angels are spring topic for sermons.
Angels are stronger than men.
Angels are subsistent forms.
Angels are such beautiful things.
Angels are supernatural beings to whom are attributed greater than human power and intelligence.
Angels are swifter than men.
Angels are symbolic images of protection, faith, and love.
Angels are terrible warriors.
Angels are the answer for most entrepreneurs.
Angels are the best.
Angels are the big strong guys.
Angels are the chosen image for a baby s room.
Angels are the gatekeepers to the soul.
Angels are the guardian of our souls.
Angels are the guardians of hope and wonder, the keepers of magic and dreams.
Angels are the guardians of our souls.
Angels are the hope of humanity.
Angels are the in item.
Angels are the light that illuminates our soul's divinity.
Angels are the love that overcomes hatred.
Angels are the ninth and last order of angels.
Angels are the Order closest to humanity.
Angels are the popular icons.
Angels are the students.
Angels are the ultimate companions.
Angels are there to be used for our personal gain.
Angels are there, then they are their rulers, so they are from angels.
Angels are there.
Angels are tomb finders.
Angels are universal guides, helpers and friends just waiting to be called upon for assistance.
Angels are universal.
Angels are very down to earth.
Angels are very good guns, and there are alot of faithful users.
Angels are very loving and kind.
Angels are very powerful spirit beings.
Angels are very serious.
Angels are very smart.
Angels are very swift.
Angels are vigilant and wait for openings to enter our consciousness.
Angels are watchers and attendants of heirs of salvation.
Angels are Watchers.
Angels are wealthy individuals who finance start-ups typically ignored by venture funds.
Angels are wealthy individuals who invest their own money.
Angels are wealthy individuals who regularly make investments in small businesses.
Angels are willing to fall on their faces once in a while for the privilege of flying .
Angels are willing to fall on their faces once in a while for the privilege of flying.
Angels are willing to fall on their faces once in awhile for the privilege of flying . . .
Angels attend at it.
Angels attend every door.
Angels await and their presence surrounds, for they are the pathway to where they'll be crowned.
Angels believe in making things luminous, very luminous.
Angels believe in miracles.
Angels bring both to the table of an entrepreneur.
Angels bring news or warnings, comfort, aid, and heal.
Angels can appear in the form of ordinary people.
Angels can arrive anytime and anywhere.
Angels can be good or bad.
Angels can be more sympathetic to the psychological struggles and that helps.
Angels can cause a heart to sing.
Angels can celebrate and have joy, and presumably other emotions as well.
Angels can come to anybody.
Angels can do no more.
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
Angels Can Fly Because They Take Themselves Lightly.
Angels can fly because they take themselves so lightly.
Angels Can Fly Because They Take Themselves So Lightly.
Angels can fly because they take themselvs lightly.
Angels can fly even though they are well grounded.
Angels can fly or float without moving their wings.
Angels can help as mentors, coaches, network introducers, etc.
Angels can listen, angels can heal.
Angels can see all aspects of a situation instantly, since they are so very wise.
Angels can speak only from their angelic intelligence, which is limited.
Angels can stand alone, but they do come with a gold cord hangar.
Angels can t understand it.
Angels can take any form, which is suitable for their job.
Angels can touch our lives at any moment.
Angels can travel faster than light.
Angels carry messages of love.
Angels carry the essence of innocence and purity.
Angels come all shapes and sizes and colors.
Angels come from the angel world to teach mankind to be more divine.
Angels come from unexpected places.
Angels come in all different shapes and sizes, some seen and some unseen.
Angels come in all forms and guises - some heavenly and some earthly.
Angels come in all forms.
Angels come in all kinds of personalities and backgrounds.
Angels come in all shapes and sizes and colors.
Angels come in all shapes and sizes and they do both little and heroic things.
Angels come in all shapes and sizes.
Angels come in all shapes, sizes and colors .
Angels come in all shapes, sizes and colors.
Angels come in all shapes, sizes and colours.
Angels come in all shapes, sizes, and colors.
Angels come in all sizes and ages.
Angels come in all sizes and shapes All ages and skin types.
Angels come in all sizes and shapes, all ages and skin types.
Angels come in all sizes and shapes, All ages and skin types.
Angels come in all sizes and shapes, in all ages and skin types.
Angels come in all sizes and shapes,all ages and skin types.
Angels come in hundreds of styles in gold-tone and silver tone, some with jewels.
Angels come in many forms.
Angels come into all of our lives in a variety of ways.
Angels come on all sizes and shapes, all ages and skin types.
Angels come to help when danger is present and minister to lonely sick people.
Angels come with many messages.
Angels come with their difficulties, too.
Angels communicate with humans in many ways.
Angels communicate with one another telepathically.
Angels congregate in slow-moving streams that have plenty of vegetative cover.
Angels cover the walls and the trees surrounding the patio and dangle from the gallery ceiling.
Angels create the images they want to manifest and hold the images.
Angels deliver, guard, protect, lead, make preparation, teach, and give insight and instruction.
Angels descend from above.
Angels descend with songs again And earth repeat the loud Amen.
Angels display desire.
Angels do exist on Earth.
Angels do exist.
Angels Do Exist.
Angels do exsist.
Angels do manifest for humanity.
Angels do sing, but they are more oriented towards instrumental performance.
Angels do the strangest things.
Angels don t eat candy.
Angels draw up to all the evil and all the hurt in the world.
Angels dream beautiful visions of the world.
Angels enjoy a spiritual existence that transcends physical limitations.
Angels exist and interact with human lives.
Angels exist in a state of joy.
Angels exist in much higher dimensions.
Angels fade away like old garments.
Angels fail to score.
Angels fear .
Angels feel oneness with others.
Angels fill that gap at the bottom end of the market.
Angels fill the capital gap between family and friends financing and venture capital.
Angels flank the cross.
Angels float gracefully over the reef and are often seen in pairs.
Angels float happily on the breeze, carved from wood with aluminum tubes.
Angels fly because they can take themselves lightly.
Angels fly because they take themselves lightly.
Angels fly because they take themselves so lightly.
Angels fly so high in the sky-even higher than birds.
Angels focus on only seed level deals.
Angels fold their wings and rest In that Eden of the West.
Angels follow a hierarchy similar to that of an army.
Angels form the lowest rank.
Angels gather up their shadows and leave before it's light.
Angels generally prefer to maintain a low profile and they enjoy their privacy.
Angels get fish for Cats.
Angels get second-tier prospects.
Angels give good tidings at the time of death .
Angels go to the city to help with the fire escape plan.
Angels guard the vestibule until thou comest to deposit our and the world's precious treasure . . .
Angels has a variety of eating establishments ranging from exquisite, to fast food.
Angels have (part) corpi.
Angels have (part) flight feathers.
Angels have (part) lobes.
Angels have (part) quill feathers.
Angels have (part) wings.
Angels have a broader interest.
Angels have a lot of brightness, compassion, depth, and maturity.
Angels have a ministry toward believers.
Angels have a special relationship with children.
Angels have a very real presence in people's lives, and even make the news.
Angels have different functions.
Angels have free moral agency.
Angels have individual standards, preferences, understanding and objectives.
Angels have more meaning than just as characters in stories from the distant past.
Angels have no bodies.
Angels have no fear of any dark place.
Angels have no hearts.
Angels have no illusions about human nature, but they are prone to certain subtle misconceptions.
Angels have no pity, their wings have turned to stone.
Angels have no such power.
Angels have perfect love.
Angels have powers, they have real appeal.
Angels have soft, feathery wings.
Angels have special roles, one of which is to serve as our guardians.
Angels have superhuman knowledge.
Angels have that.
Angels have the ability to appear.
Angels have the ability to exorcize.
Angels have the faces of Vietnamese children.
Angels have their own language.
Angels have to bring joy, and it is said that they take many forms.
Angels have wings.
Angels have wings.
Angels hear sons of men.
Angels Help to smooth the wrinkles from our lives.
Angels herald peace for earth.
Angels hide nothing and see everything.
Angels hold a candle, cross, or heart.
Angels inhabit human forms.
Angels inspire and refresh the soul.
Angels inspire hope and goodwill.
Angels intervene and do everything to ensure success in all the affairs of such people.
Angels invest in people.
Angels is a book for older children.
Angels is a co-ed ultimate club based in South London with players from all over the city.
Angels is a great escape even if it does have a couple tiny problems here or there.
Angels is a metaphor for grit, wisdom, bravery, and caring.
Angels is a tale about the clash of cultures and the human experience.
Angels is at the threshold of a monumental city-wide expansion.
Angels Is Below.
Angels is brim-full of textural ideas performed with precision and compelling musicianship.
Angels is currently the fastest growing city in the Northern California Central Valley region.
Angels is for mature audiences only.
Angels is genuine fun.
Angels is supremely silly, girl-powered fun.
Angels is the alien term.
Angels just wanna have fun.
Angels keep a pretty low profile and tend to invest within their geographic territory.
Angels keep constant vigil.
Angels keep it simple and always travel light.
Angels keep it simple, and always travel light.
Angels keep the world safe for humming birds and butterflies and rainbows in spring.
Angels keep the world safe for hummingbirds and butterflies and rainbows in spring.
Angels know how to light the way.
Angels know how to pull the right strings.
Angels know many things.
Angels know that hopeless is nothing but a meaningless word coined by the devil.
Angels know that life is fragile and handle it with prayer.
Angels know that love is only a four letter word.
Angels know that love is the only four letter word.
Angels know that the care of the soul lies in simplicity.
Angels know the purpose of life is to exalt the One who created their lives.
Angels laugh aloud.
Angels Learn about the heavenly hosts that play an important role in Orthodoxy.
Angels let devils go their own way, for they know a devil s heart is already punishment enough.
Angels lift our hearts on wings of joy.
Angels lift themselves above the clouds by reaching for the stars.
Angels like to do what they want, just for the heaven of it.
Angels like to get going pretty early.
Angels like to know whom they are dealing with and how they present themselves.
Angels listen deeply with genuine intent, compassion and love.
Angels litter the metaphysical landscape from ancient times to the present.
Angels live in the heavens and earth, while jinn live only on earth.
Angels live in the light.
Angels live on many of the city's forgotten streets.
Angels looks like a good movie.
Angels love to sing and play, And rest and relax.
Angels love whispering secrets and whistling in the dark.
Angels make mistakes.
Angels make music with their voices and by beating their wings.
Angels make nests.
Angels manage to love even when somebody ruffles their feathers.
Angels mean spirituality.
Angels never get tired, therefore they are always at work.
Angels never gossip.
Angels never hesitate.
Angels never lie.
Angels never say goodbye for the last time.
Angels never say good-bye for the last time.
Angels never stay here for a long time.
Angels never struggle with the moment of life.
Angels occupy the loveliest corners of our thoughts.
Angels operate in a number of ways, sometimes through groups of pooled funds or individually.
Angels paint with sound and sing with color.
Angels pay nothing to join and can use the service as much or as little as they like.
Angels perform important functions for god both now and at the end of time.
Angels permeate stories in the Torah and the Bible.
Angels play a lesser role in most mainline Protestant theology.
Angels play an important role in many other religions.
Angels play harps.
Angels play the harp.
Angels pose something of a problem.
Angels possess no self-centeredness.
Angels possess personality and though spirits, they have their own distinctive bodies.
Angels possess the ability to love and to show love.
Angels promote closeness and foster tenderness.
Angels provide experience, equity financing, and wisdom.
Angels provide protection.
Angels pull people back from the edges of cliffs and out of the paths of oncoming trains.
Angels really have to click with the team.
Angels receive their invasion orders.
Angels receives it's fire protection and related services from a volunteer fire department.
Angels record good and bad deeds.
Angels record the good and bad deeds of humans.
Angels rejoice when good wins over bad.
Angels remain seated.
Angels repeat refrain.
Angels require abt.
Angels reserve the right to exclude or edit submissions.
Angels respond to prayers and thoughts of love.
Angels reveal the beauty in all things .
Angels risk their capital based on their experiences and instincts.
Angels roam the earth intervening in the lives of people in crisis.
Angels runs and kept the bases full.
Angels see light shining right in the center of the darkness . . .
Angels seem to be an intriguing topic.
Angels serve supper to the homeless.
Angels share their ability to view situations from every perspective.
Angels shatter our expectation that life just goes on and on an on.
Angels simply litter the place.
Angels sing and with the shepherds offer up glory.
Angels sing in the heavens, but the event on earth is quite hidden and small.
Angels sing with love .
Angels slumber on lintels or support cornices.
Angels soar above pillowy clouds, surrounded by glittering cascades.
Angels speak through music and sing to frighten away the darkness.
Angels speak through music and sing to to frighten away the darkness.
Angels speak through their voices, and work by their hands.
Angels specialize in jazz, but they can order a lot of various improvised music home.
Angels spills through our conciousness, layer on layer and none is left unaffected.
Angels stand guard throughout the house.
Angels starts with promise.
Angels stay on top of things.
Angels surround the doorways.
Angels surround the fearful throne . . . . . .
Angels symbolize trust.
Angels take on countless forms, They can be many things.
Angels take the first leg.
Angels teach technology so that their students can compete.
Angels teach young mothers how to care for their children.
Angels tend to favor local businesses.
Angels tend to have less aggressive goals than VCs.
Angels tend to make smaller investments.
Angels then are an innumerable host.
Angels then introduce themselves by name.
Angels too can travel at tremendous speeds, far exceeding the limits of the physical world.
Angels touch our life each day.
Angels travel lightly.
Angels travel on channeling paths too.
Angels tread lightly because they have no agenda of their own.
Angels try to help mankind.
Angels Turn Their Backs.
Angels typically have wings, are delicately beautiful and either glow or are surrounded by halos.
Angels understand without reasoning.
Angels waft thee away.
Angels wail on a dark mesa.
Angels walk softly and carry a big presence.
Angels walk with malice on the steelwork overhead.
Angels wear black wing tips.
Angels wear brilliant, bright colours.
Angels wear 'em.
Angels wear evening gowns too.
Angels wear long white robes and have wings and a halo.
Angels wears long white robes and have wings and a halo.
Angels welcome diversity and so are champions of our individuality.
Angels witness our work.
Angels work in hospitals to bring hope to the otherwise hopeless.
Angels work intimately with humanity.
Angels work most closely with humanity.
Angels work primarily on the emotional plane.
Angels always do the right thing.
Angels always have a circle of light, a halo around their faces, and sometimes their whole selves.
Angels always try to paint a rosy picture.
Angels frequently go hand and hand with miracles.
Angels often appear in human form before Mankind, wingless and in contemporary clothing.
Angels often expect to cash out after five to seven years.
Angels often shed new light on old dilemmas.
Angels often step in, do good and disappear.
Angels often take a hands-on advisory role in the young company.
Angels often take on the form of men.
Angels often work behind the scenes.
Angels sometimes play gold harps.
Angels usually do their work without being seen by men.
Every angel chants and praises in a different language without clash or disharmony.
Every angel has a different function or use.
Every angel has dark.
Every angel is a messenger, because that is what the word angel means.
Every angel is Reikied and blessed with special healing symbols.
Every angel is terrible.
Every angel strikes terror.
Many angels are animals, and many animals become angels in our lives.
Most angels also provide their business expertise and connections to the companies they fund.
Most angels are serial investors.
Most Angels are uneducated.
Most angels invest in theatre for philanthropic rather than financial reasons.
Most angels require a strong management team.
Some angels are cherubim.
Some angels are seraphim.
Some angels bring expertise as well as money to an investment.
Some angels come from a higher planes than others.
Some angels follow death.
Some angels have jobs that last only days.
Some angels have jobs that last years.
Some angels have recollection.
Some angels help human beings.
Some angels identify death.
Some angels make people feel good inside.
Some angels sit.
Some angels stand.
Some angels take the form of humans.
Some angels work with a number of people.
Angelfish Angelfish are brightly-colored, flattened fish that live in shallow warm waters.
An angelfish is a butterfly fish
Angelfishes are brightly coloured fishes and they are very curious creatures.
Angelfishes differ from Butterflyfishes in having a large spine on the preopercle.
Angelfishs are butterfly fish.
Angelfishs are located in aquariums.
Many angelfish have different coloration as juveniles than they do as adults.
Angelic activity is the primary theme on some movies and TV programs.
Angelic creatures dancing about the auditorium create a fairytale environment.
Angelic faces bring a life-like personality to each doll.
Many Angelic forces await to assist.
Angelic happiness is in service, from service, and according to service.
Angelic ministry begins.
Angelic music is echoed from the trailing box cars.
Angelic music seems to come from everywhere.
Angelic servants rebuke.
Angelic service is pure loving service.
Angelic spirits are smart.
Angelic voices begin the concert from the choir loft at the back of the church.
Angelic voices urge the poets out of the flames.
An angelique is a herb
Angelique appears to have unlimited funds.
Angelique can swim under water pretty well.
Angelique completes the masquerade.
Angelique enjoys school a lot.
Angelique goes to the same school where there is also a kindergarten.
Angelique has a moment of truth as well.
Angelique has art classes and music classes at school.
Angelique is a lovely pink.
Angelique is a working, single mom and Ph.D. student.
Angelique is also an Irish citizen.
Angelique is attracted to the mouse.
Angelique is outside playing.
Angelique is so proud to be a graduate.
Angelique is still bored with school.
Angelique loves the puzzle and coloring book.
Angelique offers a solutions.
Angelique smokes a cigarette.
Angelique starts to school tomorrow.
Angelique thoroughly enjoys school - especially art and music class.
Angelique always enjoys castles.
Some Angelman kids continue to have seizures in spite of careful management of their medicines.
Angelman patients lack the normal gene from their mothers.
Angelman syndrome is a complex genetic disorder that primarily affects the nervous system.
An angelology is theology
Angelology is the study of angels.
Angels flight is built.
Angels food is made from ether.
Angels story isn t anything to write home about.
Angels wings are delicate, but strong at the same time, extremely beautiful.
Angels wings weigh heavy upon hope.
An angelus is a bell
Angelus knows what it is immediately.
Angelus manages to complete the ritual and start the vortex opening.
Angelus stans ante decem novos advenas, ex vestitu tunc apparentes ut inquilini .
Anger management enables a child to harness the energy generated by anger to resolve the problem.
Anger management focuses on alternative ways of behaving in response to anger.
Anger management is a book by itself.
Anger management is a different topic though.
Anger management is a large part of the program.
Anger management is a learned skill.
Anger management is a major concern, and is one of the more troublesome symptoms for parents.
Anger management is a vital skill.
Anger management is also effective.
Anger management is also important, even if kids don t think they are getting anything out of it.
Anger management is another issue.
Anger management is emphasized in teacher advisory periods.
Anger management is generally a three-stage process.
Anger management is necessary in any relationship.
Anger management is seen as a way to improve one's reaction to stressful situations.
Anger management is the trendy remedy for criminals as well as mere cranks.
Anger management Put 'em on hold.
Anger management seems to be the diagnosis of the day in therapy circles for some reason.
Anger management teaches students to define, recognize, and control their own anger.
Anger abounds in the streets, but does nothing positive toward peace.
Anger absolutely destroys the happiness of a child.
Anger affects a person's physical and mental well-being.
Anger affects everyone, but uncontrolled anger can only hurt everyone involved.
Anger affects one adversely in a physical, mental and moral sphere.
Anger affects our tone of voice, and our facial expression.
Anger affects the liver negatively.
Anger also acts itself out through debting.
Anger also emerges during a baby's early months.
Anger also happens when a person is hurt.
Anger also is a reality in the abortion aftermath experience.
Anger also leads to revengefulness.
Anger appears more often and happy outcomes happen less often.
Anger appears to have a cumulative dimension.
Anger arises from a philosophy-a way of viewing the world.
Anger arises from frustration.
Anger arouses the ascent of qi.
Anger become a means of manipulation.
Anger become a necessary friend.
Anger becomes a knee-jerk reaction.
Anger becomes acceptance.
Anger becomes an angry person's god.
Anger becomes confused with violence.
Anger becomes sinful when it is prompted by our selfishness.
Anger begats anger.
Anger begets anger.
Anger begets more anger.
Anger begins as an inner twinge.
Anger begins at the beginning of life.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.
Anger being the key emotion causes stress and stress causes anger.
Anger blinds people from seeing the truth.
Anger blinds the mind.
Anger blocks out clear thinking and objective evaluation of situations.
Anger blows out the lamp of the mind.
Anger breeds anger.
Anger breeds more anger, more fear, more resentment, more negativity, etc.
Anger breeds vindictiveness and revenge.
Anger brings along malicious, slanderous, and abusive speech.
Anger brings anger.
Anger brings huge amounts of energy that can be used to change things.
Anger brings infirmity into both the one who is angry and the one against whom the anger is vented.
Anger brings into clear relief the differences between people.
Anger brings loss.
Anger brings one to contention.
Anger brings out the worst in people.
Anger builds as empty spaces are harder to find.
Anger builds up towards other people having to do with their decision.
Anger builds up towards other people having to do with their desicion.
Anger burns itself out eventually.
Anger can abort grief and interfere with letting go.
Anger can also accompany loss.
Anger can also be a signal of a real problem in one s life.
Anger can also be an antidote to fear, manifesting in an outward display of personal power.
Anger can also be beneficial when one's boundaries are violated.
Anger can also bind a child to a parent well into adulthood.
Anger can also mask sadness and grief.
Anger can also ruin a good day.
Anger can amplify feelings like guilt.
Anger can be a catalyst for transformation, for creativity, and for new life.
Anger can be a destructive, even a self-destructive, emotion.
Anger can be a difficult emotion.
Anger can be a force for action, change, and growth.
Anger can be a friend or foe.
Anger can be a gift.
Anger can be a great motivator and a catalyst for action.
Anger can be a healthy emotion if it is managed properly.
Anger can be a key to identifying deeper fears and concerns.
Anger can be a motivating, constructive force.
Anger can be a positive force because it motivates people to action.
Anger can be a powerful tool for change.
Anger can be a problem if it is repressed instead of expressed.
Anger can be a productive and powerful emotion.
Anger can be a real fuel for creation.
Anger can be a scary emotion .
Anger can be a scary feeling for some.
Anger can be a secondary emotion.
Anger can be a vehicle to a new understanding and meaning.
Anger can be a very healthy thing.
Anger can be a very important emotion that often is a signal that something is wrong.
Anger can be a very strong and energizing force.
Anger can be an experience of a. blocked goals.
Anger can be an extremely negative reaction.
Anger can be an immediate reaction to a single event, or a response after numerous events.
Anger can be another symptom of grief.
Anger can be appropriate in a situation where the parent has to discipline the child.
Anger can be costly to our own mental health as well as to our child s self esteem.
Anger can be dangerously contagious.
Anger can be empowering and help in setting clear personal boundaries with others.
Anger can be everything from grumbling to outright rage and is often misdirected or undirected.
Anger can be good if it helps one think more creatively and correct wrong doing.
Anger can be harmful or healthy.
Anger can be healthy and productive, but only if it generates more light than heat.
Anger can be healthy or it can be dangerous.
Anger can be hell.
Anger can be one of the most challenging of all emotions to transform.
Anger can be one of the most confusing feelings for the grieving person.
Anger can be particularly difficult for parents to handle.
Anger can be positive, whereas festering resentment can cause people to become murderous.
Anger can be productive and loving, just as it can be destructive and selfish.
Anger can be sinful.
Anger can be the appropriate response to some things.
Anger can be the fire of self-righteous.
Anger can be the major controlling spirit.
Anger can be the means to recover joy.
Anger can be used, it's a wonderful source of energy and power.
Anger can be useful.
Anger can be very constructive, hate never is.
Anger can be very destructive, it can lead to liver, heart and artery damage.
Anger can be very destructive.
Anger can become a positive emotion if handled correctly.
Anger can build and trigger irrational thought and action.
Anger can build causing inappropriate and unexpected actions independent of rational thought.
Anger can cause conflict and conflict is a normal part of close relationships.
Anger can cause huge gaps in the best of relationships.
Anger can control one's thoughts to the point of irrationalism.
Anger can create a strong physiological reaction.
Anger can destroy families.
Anger can dominate their feelings toward the ones who conducted the testing.
Anger can even be a good thing.
Anger can even be useful if expressed effectively and creatively.
Anger can feel like a power surge.
Anger can find acceptable ways of being expressed.
Anger can get someone's attention.
Anger can have unpleasant repercussions and destructive consequences for everyone concerned.
Anger can hide other feelings such as fear or sadness.
Anger can hurt.
Anger can interfere with relationships.
Anger can lead people to seek revenge and damn the personal cost.
Anger can lead to full-blown conflict, damaged relationships, even aggressive or violent acts.
Anger can never produce love.
Anger can often affect a woman's responsivity more intensely than it does a man's.
Anger can often serve several psychological purposes.
Anger can produce a host of physical problems ranging from ulcers to hypertension.
Anger can provide an opportunity for a better understanding of another person.
Anger can quickly lead to resentment, which ends in bitterness.
Anger can range from icy hate to boiling rage.
Anger can really hurt one's self.
Anger can reveal a previously submerged position.
Anger can ruin relationships, professional careers and health.
Anger can run the spectrum from mild irritation to rage, and rage is a form of temporary insanity.
Anger can serve to control evil.
Anger can speed up the heart rate and raise blood pressure.
Anger can still come in handy as an inspirational tool for songwriting, but frustration is useless.
Anger can trigger anxiety.
Anger can truly become a monster in our lives.
Anger can turn any into bad ways, any moment, and in any form.
Anger can turn even the most reasonable man into a fanatic.
Anger can, in fact, be a constructive force in our lives.
Anger causes a desire to fights.
Anger causes a desire to kill.
Anger causes a desire to punch.
Anger causes a desire to wrestles.
Anger causes anger.
Anger causes anger.
Anger causes cancer.
Anger causes heating of the blood and an unpleasant appearance.
Anger causes immediate stress.
Anger causes misery for loved ones, friends, and community.
Anger causes problems between friends.
Anger causes surges of adrenaline and secretes other powerful chemicals that attack the body.
Anger causes tragedy.
Anger causes wars of all sizes.
Anger comes and goes.
Anger comes disguised in many forms.
Anger comes easy.
Anger comes from hurt .
Anger comes from pain and a sense of injustice.
Anger comes in many forms.
Anger comes in two varieties.
Anger comes most often from the darkness of selfish sin.
Anger comes naturally.
Anger comes next.
Anger comes out in dribs and drabs instead of facing reasons for anger squarely.
Anger comes quickly.
Anger comes up in response to hurt, injustice, unfairness.
Anger coming out of deep loss is different from occasional day to day flare-ups.
Anger continues to plague the nation.
Anger crackles in the air.
Anger creates cognitive myopia.
Anger creates enormous stress that damages the cardiovascular system.
Anger damages the one who is angry.
Anger demands action.
Anger destroys a nation.
Anger destroys everything in the world.
Anger destroys lovemaking and destroys relationships.
Anger destroys the quality of our personal lives, our marriages, and our health.
Anger discloses unpleasant truths to others.
Anger distorts our ability to interpret accurately.
Anger distracts the driver.
Anger does a number on people and always huts the family.
Anger does other things.
Anger doubles risk of heart attack .
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
Anger easily goes out of control.
Anger easily turns to hatred, and hatred to black.
Anger eats up peoples vital physical, emotional and time reserves.
Anger enables children to defend against painful feelings of anxiety, hurt, guilt, worry, or loss.
Anger equals survival.
Anger erodes the parent-child bond.
Anger erupts without warning and anything or anyone can be the target.
Anger escalates trouble.
Anger especially interferes with the problem-solving process involved in negotiations.
Anger Explores the five different styles of communication.
Anger fails if kept to oneself.
Anger falls on letter short of danger.
Anger feeds anger, which begets hate and bitterness when left to itself.
Anger feeds on itself.
Anger feels better then hurt or inferiority.
Anger feels like a sharp knife.
Anger finally boils over and the feud is resolved with fatal gunfire.
Anger fuels our actions, it lets others know the volume and impact of there behavior.
Anger generally results from our feeling helpless or unable to control certain situations.
Anger gets a bum rap.
Anger gives way to bargaining.
Anger grows out of a loss of control.
Anger grows out of frustration.
Anger grows when children focus on themselves.
Anger happens when someone breaks our rules.
Anger has a bad reputation, is often seen as a curse something to get rid of.
Anger has a bad reputation, is often seen as a curse, something to get rid of.
Anger has a place.
Anger has a potentiating function, imparting a sense of mastery or control.
Anger has a swift onset.
Anger has a tendency to manifest itself in a physical form.
Anger has no part in any teaching process.
Anger has no place in friendships.
Anger has no place in working with dogs.
Anger has no time for detail.
Anger has the power to tear families and friendships apart.
Anger has to be expressed in some way and let go, otherwise it eats into the person.
Anger has to have a target, a place to land.
Anger having failed to shake loose the secrets and Mysteries, the seeker turns to bargaining.
Anger held inside becomes hate.
Anger hides a deep pain.
Anger hinders effective prayer.
Anger hurts both ways.
Anger hurts the one who is possessed by it more than the one against whom it is directed.
Anger implies a breakdown inside or outside the marriage.
Anger implies the effort to remove or attack any pain inflicting agency.
Anger increases adrenalin levels, activates stress and boosts blood pressure.
Anger increases after a series of burglaries occur and there's a sociopathic killer on the loose.
Anger induces more or less rigidity of the mus- cles generally.
Anger inflames the mind.
Anger influences our thinking and our actions.
Anger intensifies stress and feelings of helplessness.
Anger is a bad adviser.
Anger is a bad emotion.
Anger is a basic feeling like hunger or being cold.
Anger is a basic, core emotion.
Anger is a behavior as well as an emotion.
Anger is a bitch.
Anger is a byproduct of fear.
Anger is a chain of simultaneous body and mind reactions.
Anger is a cheap high.
Anger is a child s best, and sometimes only, defense.
Anger is a choice .
Anger is a choice, as well as a habit.
Anger is a common and normal human emotion.
Anger is a common defense against guilt.
Anger is a common emotion for motives of power.
Anger is a common emotion when grief comes.
Anger is a common feeling among people whose relatives have committed suicide.
Anger is a common feeling.
Anger is a common grieving emotion and can lead to a cycle of outbursts and withdrawal.
Anger is a common response when dealing with an intense loss.
Anger is a common stage of grief that follows denial.
Anger is a completely normal and healthy emotion to feel and to express in a constructive manner.
Anger is a completely normal, usually healthy human emotion.
Anger is a completely normal, usually healthy, human emotion.
Anger is a complicated issue.
Anger is a complicated response which has become a sort of catchall phrase.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster then the mind.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue, works faster than the mind.
Anger is a conditioned reflex.
Anger is a de stabilizing thought.
Anger is a dead end.
Anger is a denial of love but also a call for love.
Anger is a desire for revenge.
Anger is a destructive enough force in human relations.
Anger is a directional word in Hebrew.
Anger is a disturbed state of one's own mind which causes affliction.
Anger is a divinely implanted emotion.
Anger is a dramatic and astringent passion.
Anger is a feeling that needs to be vented by itself without hostility or aggression.
Anger is a feeling, while aggression is a class of behaviors.
Anger is a feeling.
Anger is a force.
Anger is a form of closeness.
Anger is a form of energy that can be motivating.
Anger is a form of energy.
Anger is a frequent emotion that develops when people are under stress.
Anger is a frequent emotional response.
Anger is a frequent response to feeling powerless, frustrated, or even abandoned.
Anger is a frightening emotion.
Anger is a genuine response in an innocent person.
Anger is a gift that comes to everyone.
Anger is a gift.
Anger is a good and valuable resource.
Anger is a good control weapon.
Anger is a good example.
Anger is a good thing to have.
Anger is a good thing.
Anger is a great diagnostic tool.
Anger is a great force.
Anger is a great motivation for songwriting - come to think of it, drugs are pretty effective, too.
Anger is a great obstacle, especially for bodhicitta realisations.
Anger is a great obstacle, especially for bodhicitta realizations.
Anger is a grid to walk and mirrors are a narrow ledge.
Anger is a hard urge to satisfy and can become habitual.
Anger is a healthy and valid emotion .
Anger is a healthy emotion.
Anger is a healthy response as long as it is expressed in a socially acceptable way.
Anger is a highly emotional state, and sometimes generates tears.
Anger is a hostile feeling.
Anger is a hot burning fuel, but it burns too quickly, and leaves nothing behind.
Anger is a huge problem with some kids.
Anger is a human emotion.
Anger is a just human feeling, one everyone, including religious icons, have felt.
Anger is a key component.
Anger is a learned response to a provoking situation.
Anger is a learned response to a trigger in our environment.
Anger is a legitimate emotion that can be both useful and constructive.
Anger is a legitimate part of the human condition.
Anger is a little bit like that gate.
Anger is a mighty woe.
Anger is a mild form of temporary insanity.
Anger is a mind, body, and behavior experience.
Anger is a mixture of emotional, physiological, and cognitive elements.
Anger is a momentum which gives energy for change.
Anger is a moral emotion.
Anger is a moral statement.
Anger is a more effective response.
Anger is a motivator.
Anger is a much bigger deal than high cholesterol.
Anger is a natural and controllable aspect of life.
Anger is a natural and healthy emotion when it is expressed appropriately .
Anger is a natural emotion but there is a proper place and time to release it.
Anger is a natural emotion felt by everyone from time to time.
Anger is a natural emotion, which occurs whenever there is something in our way.
Anger is a natural emotion.
Anger is a natural feeling in a stressful situation.
Anger is a natural human emotion and as such is neither good nor bad.
Anger is a natural human emotion that is very appropriate in certain situations.
Anger is a natural human emotion.
Anger is a natural part of everyday life for both adults and for children.
Anger is a natural part of grief.
Anger is a natural reaction to a feeling of being attacked.
Anger is a natural reaction to having been hurt.
Anger is a natural response to abuse.
Anger is a natural response to many frustrations in life.
Anger is a natural response.
Anger is a necessary emotion which provides lots of information.
Anger is a necessary emotion.
Anger is a necessary part of being a human being.
Anger is a necessary part of the human species.
Anger is a negative yet powerful emotion.
Anger is a normal and even necessary emotion.
Anger is a normal and healthy emotion that can help to reduce stress.
Anger is a normal and healthy human emotion.
Anger is a normal and healthy reaction to unfairness, criminality and injustice. . . .
Anger is a normal and healthy reaction to unfairness, criminality and injustice.
Anger is a normal emotion .
Anger is a normal emotion that is a result of our genetics, up bringing and cultural patterns.
Anger is a normal emotion when conflicts occur.
Anger is a normal emotion.
Anger is a normal experience.
Anger is a normal feeling just like sadness and happiness.
Anger is a normal grief response.
Anger is a normal human emotion.
Anger is a normal part of life.
Anger is a normal part of the human evolution of consciousness.
Anger is a normal reaction to an unfair situation.
Anger is a normal reaction to powerlessness.
Anger is a normal reaction, as natural and honest as sympathy or fear.
Anger is a normal reaction.
Anger is a normal response as well.
Anger is a normal stage.
Anger is a normal, even appropriate response to certain every-day life events.
Anger is a normal, healthy emotion, and life's frustrations can make anyone angry.
Anger is a normal, natural emotion that is neither good nor bad.
Anger is a normal, natural, and healthy response.
Anger is a painful, destructive emotion.
Anger is a part of dealing with a chronic condition.
Anger is a part of the relationship fabric that nurtures and sustains a person.
Anger is a passion, the most criminal and destructive of all passions.
Anger is a perfectly normal human emotion.
Anger is a perfectly normal human or animal response.
Anger is a physical outlet of all the energy released as a result of stress reaction.
Anger is a poison.
Anger is a poor substitute for discipline.
Anger is a poor substitute for reason frustration is an enemy.
Anger is a potent fuel.
Anger is a power, an elemental force.
Anger is a powerful emotion that can be frightening.
Anger is a powerful emotion that can lead to violence unless controlled.
Anger is a powerful emotion that is often viewed negatively.
Anger is a powerful emotion that often requires more than a simple decision to manage it.
Anger is a powerful emotion.
Anger is a powerful feeling.
Anger is a powerful force, and while it can be dangerous, there are times when anger is appropriate.
Anger is a powerful motivating force that is intended to drive one to destroy something.
Anger is a powerful negative emotion.
Anger is a powerful resource if channeled, focused, and controlled.
Anger is a powerful thing.
Anger is a powerful tool for social change on a personal and social level.
Anger is a powerful tool for social change on a personal and societal level.
Anger is a powerful weapon, but it has to be controllable for it to be of any use.
Anger is a prelude to courage.
Anger is a primitive, limbic emotion.
Anger is a profound and frequently uncontrollable emotion.
Anger is a proportional emotion.
Anger is a raging emotion.
Anger is a reaction to some sort of an event which is particularly displeasing to a person.
Anger is a reaction to the pain of loss.
Anger is a result of fear.
Anger is a right brain response.
Anger is a right' onto their T-shirts.
Anger is a root to many emotional problems such as depression, panic attacks, etc.
Anger is a secondary emotion.
Anger is a serious and misunderstood issue of paternal grief.
Anger is a serious problem for sinful people.
Anger is a short madness.
Anger is a sickness, the most common form recognized today.
Anger is a sign of healing and the reclaiming of self esteem.
Anger is a sign of life.
Anger is a sign of poor self-esteem.
Anger is a signal for change.
Anger is a signal of caution, according to some therapists.
Anger is a signal, and one worth listening to.
Anger is a sin.
Anger is a solution that works for the short-term.
Anger is a sometimes necessary characteristic of inspiring change.
Anger is a stone cast into a wasp's nest.
Anger is a storm.
Anger is a strong emotion which often accompanies grief.
Anger is a strong impediment to recovery.
Anger is a strong source of grief.
Anger is a swift and easy response to many situations, such as the way others drive in traffic.
Anger is a temporary in sanity.
Anger is a thing easy to give and hard to receive.
Anger is a tool batterers use to gain and maintain control.
Anger is a trap that men fall into.
Anger is a typical response to frustration and loss of control over one's life.
Anger is a useless emotion.
Anger is a valid emotion but it makes for monotony.
Anger is a very appropriate and necessary response to an injustice.
Anger is a very bad counselor.
Anger is a very concise and powerful way to communicate when things are going wrong.
Anger is a very destructive force.
Anger is a very effective tool batterers use.
Anger is a very explosive stage and is often the most damaging.
Anger is a very natural emotion.
Anger is a very powerful emotion and like jealousy, it is totally wasted.
Anger is a very powerful emotion used in literature.
Anger is a very powerful force.
Anger is a very powerful motivating force.
Anger is a very powerful, negative emotion.
Anger is a very real emotion and can be a great motivator if channeled properly.
Anger is a very real emotion.
Anger is a very strong emotion.
Anger is a very useful emotion.
Anger is a voice, a shout, a plea, a demand.
Anger is a volatile emotion, and all too often, it results in acts of violence.
Anger is a way to hang on to a relationship.
Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Anger is a yielding to Satan's influence by surrendering our self-control.
Anger is about expectations that are unmet and too much ownership.
Anger is acceptable so long as no sin is done as a result.
Anger is actually a coping strategy to attempt to banish fear from our lives.
Anger is actually a healthy emotion - it is appropriate and normal in divorce.
Anger is again the great cleanser.
Anger is almost always better than indifference in the field of education.
Anger is also a leading cause in ending relationships.
Anger is also an important source of energy for solving interpersonal problems.
Anger is also relational.
Anger is always about what is already past.
Anger is always selfish and makes unconditional love impossible.
Anger is always selfish.
Anger is an abnormal adaptive reaction as a response to an event.
Anger is an acceptable emotion only when it leads to a certain spiritual passivity.
Anger is an act.
Anger is an appropriate, healthy response to sexual assault.
Anger is an attempt to control one's own world by attempting to control the actions of others.
Anger is an easily changeable movement of one's disposition and disfiguration of soul.
Anger is an easy place to get stuck.
Anger is an emotion and an interior disposition of the heart.
Anger is an emotion and violence is the choice of the perpetrator.
Anger is an emotion everyone feels from time to time.
Anger is an emotion experienced daily by most kids.
Anger is an emotion or feeling.
Anger is an emotion that can be very hard to control and difficult to acknowledge.
Anger is an emotion that can create challenges for women at home and at work.
Anger is an emotion that causes great difficulty.
Anger is an emotion that expresses extreme displeasure.
Anger is an emotion that is caused by frustration.
Anger is an emotion that usually develops between characters arising from some failing or another.
Anger is an emotion which has many sources.
Anger is an emotion which is sometimes helpful in separating.
Anger is an emotion with great destructive potential.
Anger is an emotion, and emotions are real no matter that some say certain ones are bad or good.
Anger is an emotion, and like all emotions, neither right nor wrong.
Anger is an emotion, and violence is a behavior that can express that emotion.
Anger is an emotion, usually classified as a negative emotion.
Anger is an emotion.
Anger is an emotional reaction to frustrations, violations, or perceived threats.
Anger is an emotional state ranging from irritation and annoyance to fury and rage.
Anger is an emotional state that varies in intensity from mild irritation to intense fury and rage.
Anger is an empty emotion.
Anger Is An Energy .
Anger is an energy, an emotion and translates to behavior.
Anger is an energy.
Anger Is an Energy.
Anger is an excellent way to distort reality.
Anger is an expression of fear.
Anger is an incredibly powerful emotion.
Anger is an index of our discontent that needs to be heeded and carefully channeled.
Anger is an inescapable fact of life.
Anger is an inherent component of all human relationships.
Anger is an instant madness.
Anger is an instructive emotion.
Anger is an intuitive response to a threat.
Anger is an unnatural emotion, one to keep under wraps.
Anger is anger after all.
Anger Is Anger is a feeling.
Anger is anger.
Anger is another common reaction to loss.
Anger is another emotion that can poison a round.
Anger is another part of grief.
Anger is another possible anchor experience that enhances aggressive behavior.
Anger is another problem that arises both before and after death.
Anger is another tool.
Anger is another troublesome emotion.
Anger is another way to avoid communication and try to control the other person unfairly.
Anger is appropriate.
Anger is aroused when a person suffers a real or perceived injury.
Anger is as a stone cast into a wasp's nest.
Anger is as much a part of our human nature as becoming tired or getting hungry.
Anger is as thick in the air as the heavy, noxious gases.
Anger is associated with fear and loss.
Anger is associated with grieving the Holy Spirit.
Anger is associates with heart disease, despair with low energy.
Anger is at the core of a lot of street violence.
Anger is bad and destructive.
Anger is bad, hate is bad, sex is bad.
Anger is bad.
Anger is better.
Anger is big and loud and gets moving.
Anger is big, powerful, and devastatingly destructive to all who are in the way.
Anger is blood red.
Anger is but a feeling, love is a commitment to do well for another.
Anger is caused by blocked goals.
Anger is caused by fear, or anti-christ energy.
Anger is caused when staff seem to single-out specific patients or other staff members.
Anger is characteristic of male grief.
Anger is classified as an unskilful state of mind.
Anger is clear and clean.
Anger is connected to the bile humor and related to heat in the body, or fire.
Anger is conquered and the force of wild passion is uprooted and cast aside.
Anger is considered to be an acceptable human emotion.
Anger is contagious.
Anger is controlled and fear or guilt hidden in the formal presence of a third party.
Anger is counter-productive.
Anger is dangerous.
Anger is defined and barriers to appropriate expression are identified.
Anger is defined as a strong feeling of displeasure or hostility.
Anger is demonstrated most often by the adoptive parents.
Anger is described as a strong feeling of displeasure.
Anger is described as a survival kit evolving from our ancestors.
Anger is destructive and impractical - and a major sin.
Anger is destructive.
Anger is different from aggression.
Anger is easier to deal with.
Anger is easy.
Anger is emotion
Anger is emotion.
Anger is energy.
Anger is especially common during the manic phase.
Anger is especially difficult since it can be misdirected toward self and others.
Anger is especially prevalent in the workplace.
Anger is essentially a control tactic.
Anger is evil.
Anger is evoked by aversive treatment, deliberately or unintentionally inflicted.
Anger is explored from a physical, emotional, and psychological basis.
Anger is expressed by acts of violence - verbal or physical.
Anger is expressed in three ways.
Anger is expressed overtly to hurt another, physically, emotionally or psychologically.
Anger is expressed without attacking the offending party.
Anger is far more likely than satisfaction to provoke a phone call or an e-mail.
Anger is fear manifested.
Anger is fine.
Anger is frequently a response to being hurt or suffering loss.
Anger is frustration.
Anger is frustrations.
Anger is futile.
Anger is good.
Anger is great among the exiles.
Anger is hard for kids to deal with.
Anger is hard for many women to manage.
Anger is harnessed and used effectively in their own self defense.
Anger is healthy.
Anger is heavy.
Anger is high.
Anger is immoderate when it is violent and excessive, or when it continues to boil.
Anger is impermissible in man.
Anger is impt.
Anger is inappropriate when it is result of our impatience.
Anger is indeed a powerful emotion-unfortunately used destructively by most people.
Anger is induced by numerous factors.
Anger is inevitable before acceptance.
Anger is just an emotion just as viable as happiness, sadness, joy, and excitement.
Anger is just an emotion.
Anger is just as much a sin as fornication.
Anger is just like drops of water.
Anger is just one letter short of danger.
Anger is just one of many responses that can be used as a response to almost any stimulus.
Anger is just, and pity is just, but judgement is never just.
Anger is like a fire, being one of the three poisons of the mind.
Anger is like a storm at sea.
Anger is like an animal that needs to be fed.
Anger is like an unbridled horse.
Anger is like an unmanned bulldozer cutting a wide swath through the landscape of people's lives.
Anger is like electricity, and can only be used effectively if it is used respectfully.
Anger is like fire.
Anger is like steam.
Anger is like taking poison and waiting for that hated person to die.
Anger is like that.
Anger is love responding to injustice.
Anger is love.
Anger is manifested in the individual who spurns love and opts instead for fury.
Anger is meant to be listened to.
Anger is meant to be respected.
Anger is more hurtful than the wrong that caused it.
Anger is more than a psychological problem it is a spiritual problem.
Anger is most often the motive with hatred a close second.
Anger is natural and normal, as well as a powerful emotion.
Anger is natural.
Anger is necessary for survival, while violence threatens survival.
Anger is necessary, painful and honest.
Anger is neither ugly nor beautiful.
Anger is never the answer.
Anger is next to fear as a widespread emotion.
Anger is no longer a foe to be feared or concurred.
Anger is normal.
Anger is nothing more than an attempt to make someone feel guilty.
Anger is notorious for creating a domino effect.
Anger is often a defense against feelings of helplessness and depression.
Anger is often a disguise for pain.
Anger is often a leading symptom of depression, especially in men.
Anger is often a secondary emotion.
Anger is often a stage that follows sadness in the grieving process.
Anger is often a symptom which in turn leads to feelings of guilt.
Anger is often our first reaction to the problems of others.
Anger is often subconscious lashing out.
Anger is often the most natural reaction when a child behaves badly.
Anger is often the only outlet offered to men.
Anger is OK if it's righteous anger, anger against some injustice or sin in the world.
Anger is ok.
Anger is okay.
Anger is on the other side of the spectrum.
Anger is one emotion that people use to respond to threat, stress, or loss.
Anger is one emotion that people use to respond to threat, stressors or loss.
Anger is one letter less than danger.
Anger is one letter short of danger.
Anger is one of our most misunderstood and painful emotions.
Anger is one of our most primitive emotions.
Anger is one of our most useful emotions and deserves great respect.
Anger is one of the best ways to wipe out a friendship account.
Anger is one of the lowest worlds.
Anger is one of the more difficult aspects of the grief experience for the survivor.
Anger is one of the most basic human emotions.
Anger is one of the most common shortcomings of human behaviour.
Anger is one of the most destructive traits.
Anger is one of the most difficult areas of our lives.
Anger is one of the most difficult emotions for many people to manage.
Anger is one of the most formidable.
Anger is one of the most powerful yet least understood emotions.
Anger is one of the most universal emotions.
Anger is one of the normal stages of grief.
Anger is one of the stages of grief.
Anger is one of the worst of all character traits.
Anger is one reaction to the realization that life as one has known it is coming to an end.
Anger is one stage of grief.
Anger is one way to respond to fear.
Anger is only one letter away from danger.
Anger is only one letter short of d anger.
Anger is only one letter short of danger.
Anger is our friend.
Anger is our own emotional response to some action or event.
Anger is our sixth sense for sniffing out wrong in the neighborhood.
Anger is our wish to live forever.
Anger is out and compassion is suddenly in.
Anger is part and parcel of the correction of a child.
Anger is part of being a human being and that is a wonderful thing to be.
Anger is part of being a human being and that's a wonderful thing to be.
Anger is part of our original human nature, just as love is.
Anger is part of the game.
Anger is part of the grieving process.
Anger is part of the hurt.
Anger is particularly high in South Korea.
Anger is perhaps the way they most honestly are themselves.
Anger is plentiful with so much hardship in our lives.
Anger is powerful.
Anger is present from birth.
Anger is primarily an emotion.
Anger is probably the most maligned emotion in the world.
Anger is probably the most poorly handled emotion in our society today.
Anger is probably the most poorly handled emotion in our society.
Anger is provoked by aversive treatment, deliberately or unintentionally inflicted.
Anger is real and justifiable.
Anger is real.
Anger is really a healthy sign, as opposed to a spirit of fear, defeat and possibly despair.
Anger is really judgmentalism with an emotional 'oomph'.
Anger is related to foolishness.
Anger is relatively easy.
Anger is repressed by internalizing and denying.
Anger is resentment over being hurt.
Anger is rooted in our survival instincts and has a legitimate and vital function in human behavior.
Anger is said to be man's greatest enemy.
Anger is secondary, look for hurt, fear, frustration.
Anger is seductive and easy to succumb to.
Anger is seemingly a more rational reaction to perceptions of injustice and wrongdoing.
Anger is serious business.
Anger is shown on the top of the list.
Anger is simply a reaction to denied fear.
Anger is simply a signal that something is amiss.
Anger is simply an emotion, and our emotions exist for a reason.
Anger is simply our insecure ego's self defensive mechanism.
Anger is simply reaction to stimulus.
Anger is sin from the sin nature.
Anger is so much like a fire.
Anger is so normal but try to avoid feeling guilty.
Anger is sometimes necessary, humiliating another, even a child, is never appropriate.
Anger is still there.
Anger is such a headstrong and impetuous passion that the ancients call it a short madness.
Anger is such a powerful emotion because it is often the climax of many emotions rolled into one.
Anger is such a strong negative emotion.
Anger is temporary insanity.
Anger is that powerful internal force that blows out the light of reason.
Anger is the basic thing going here.
Anger is the best agent for cleaning up one's emotions.
Anger is the biggest one.
Anger is the blight of mankind.
Anger is the crown jewel of the eight basic emotions.
Anger is the defense mechanism of fear.
Anger is the desire to return pain for pain.
Anger is the ego's way of building a fence around itself.
Anger is the eighth.
Anger is the emotion that motivates change, for the better.
Anger is the emotional response to a perception of injustice.
Anger is the emotional symptom of lack of intelligence about the true nature of life.
Anger is the energy for change.
Anger is the exception.
Anger is the firestorm that signals the death of our old life.
Anger is the flip side of hurt or loneliness.
Anger is the flip-side of fear.
Anger is the funnel through which the full range of emotions of a real boy flows.
Anger is the great cleanser.
Anger is the inevitable result.
Anger is the inner enemy.
Anger is the moral equivalent of biological adrenaline.
Anger is the most common initial reaction to being raped.
Anger is the most dangerous of emotions.
Anger is the most familiar feeling.
Anger is the most impotent of passions.
Anger is the most natural feeling in the world under the circumstances.
Anger is the next step and possibly the hardest to deal with.
Anger is the next step on the way to forgiveness.
Anger is the only feeling which is encouraged in the Boy Code.
Anger is the opposite of self-control and it is a dangerous thing.
Anger is the outcome of unfulfilled desires and greed is the effect of love for life.
Anger is the perfect alienation of the mind from prayer.
Anger is the person s fire for change.
Anger is the result of two main factors.
Anger is the same emotion, whether evoked by a righteous concern or a dishonorable one.
Anger is the vital's claim of a non-existent right.
Anger is the wind that blows out the lamp of the mind.
Anger is theemotion that is associated with the feeling of being controlled.
Anger is their Waterloo, because they act foolishly when enraged.
Anger is thwarted desire.
Anger is to be expressed at the time and to the degree it is felt.
Anger is to be repressed in business relationships as simplistic and self-defeating.
Anger is totally blind.
Anger is transient, whereas inspiration sometimes has a lifelong effect.
Anger is treason.
Anger is ugly.
Anger is unacceptable in some families.
Anger is understandable.
Anger is unrealistic expectations unmet.
Anger is unspeakably damaging to our children.
Anger is unworthy irritation and lack of self-control.
Anger is useful.
Anger is usually a mask for different feelings.
Anger is usually a mask for sadness.
Anger is usually a result of feeling hurt at perceived injustices.
Anger is usually present however.
Anger is usually present in arguments and fights.
Anger is usually the easiest emotion to feel.
Anger is usually the result of fear.
Anger is vented in an alcohol-induced rage.
Anger is very bad.
Anger is very dangerous.
Anger is very difficult to restrain, for it is a heavy burden on the heart.
Anger is very much a part of relations of denial, in fact anger is mutual denial.
Anger is very much self centered.
Anger is vile when it is aroused.
Anger is widespread throughout the local area.
Anger is womanish and childish.
Anger is wrong.
Anger is, furthermore, the chief cause of low scoring.
Anger is, however, natural.
Anger is, in short, a pernicious influence.
Anger isa emotion.
Anger just seems easier to express.
Anger just sours the spirit.
Anger kills Literally.
Anger leads to a desire for revenge.
Anger leads to bewilderment and that to loss of memory.
Anger leads to conflict, produces stress, hurts friendships, can can lead to violence.
Anger leads to fights.
Anger leads to hate.
Anger leads to name-calling and hurt feelings.
Anger leads to perceptions of capability.
Anger leads to rage that leads to severe punishing of the troubled person or other family members.
Anger leads to separation and destruction when sin is combined with it.
Anger leads to the dark side.
Anger leads to violence.
Anger leads ultimately to acting out that anger in violence.
Anger Let out anger.
Anger lies at the root of murder, so to root out anger is to avoid murder absolutely.
Anger lies but breathes with strength, and taut, straining limbs.
Anger makes angry oneself with other's knowledge.
Anger makes any activity insane, so do drugs or alcohol.
Anger makes conflict difficult.
Anger makes conflict more difficult.
Anger makes it all the more gentle.
Anger makes many people in the world miserable.
Anger makes stress worse.
Anger makes the heart rate variability erratic.
Anger makes the road to condemnation a quick and easy trip.
Anger meets hatred and sorrow is created.
Anger needs an outlet.
Anger needs fuel to increase.
Anger needs to be expressed in a healthy way.
Anger never accomplishes anything.
Anger never stays the same size.
Anger only hurts the one who is angry.
Anger only perpetuates violence in their view.
Anger only works in bullying situations a.
Anger opens the mouth and shuts the mind.
Anger opposes the release of hormones that have a calming and a soothing effect.
Anger pollutes the whole body and has very harmful effects on the body afterward.
Anger precipitates malpractice claims.
Anger presents similar problems.
Anger prevents considering our ideas on their merits.
Anger produces a lot of energy.
Anger promotes jealousy and cruelty.
Anger protects fear.
Anger protects our hopes and dreams.
Anger provides for personal resilience.
Anger Provides perspective on the nature and sources of anger.
Anger provides the edge.
Anger puts every offense on an endless playback loop, but love turns off the switch.
Anger puts love to flight. . . .
Anger raises a golden wall.
Anger ranges on a long continuum from mild annoyance to rage.
Anger regarding food, clothing, home and personal safety is good and natural.
Anger remains the greatest motivator for getting people to vote.
Anger represents the negative side of the emotional palette.
Anger resides in the lap of fools.
Anger responds to bliss, confusion encourages understanding and knowledge desires ignorance.
Anger responds to each accusation in Surfeit with a refutation and a counterattack.
Anger results from a combination of beliefs, thoughts and feelings.
Anger results in an increased emphasis on self centered wants, often at the expense of others.
Anger reveals itself physically through a racing pulse, shortness of breath, or pacing.
Anger runs along an emotional continuum, from annoyed to enraged.
Anger scalds the innocent Groping for answers to an insane act, children of all colors suffer.
Anger seems to be a key part of the plays' dramatic vocabulary for evil.
Anger seems to be socially more acceptable than sadness.
Anger seeps in somewhere along the line.
Anger seethes over Indonesia's dire economic straits and government corruption.
Anger serves as an anesthetic for other feelings.
Anger serves no function.
Anger shows up in one's behavior as sarcasm, disrespect, rudeness or cruelty.
Anger solves nothing.
Anger speaks for the pain that has no other voice.
Anger specializes in employment law.
Anger speeds the heart rate, raises blood pressure, and disrupts the coronary arteries.
Anger spoils faith as much as vinegar spoils honey.
Anger starts welling up.
Anger still exists on the mountain.
Anger stimulates the release of the hormones adrenaline and cortisol into the bloodstream.
Anger stirs up lies.
Anger subsists on anger itself.
Anger sustains our stubborn refusal to accept others' dire predictions.
Anger takes a lot of energy.
Anger takes away pleasure and love in life.
Anger takes the form of revenge, rage, blame, violence, or feeling out of control.
Anger takes two or more to happen and to be resolved.
Anger tempts that person to be violent.
Anger tends to emerge when people experience fear, hurt, or become intensely frustrated.
Anger tends to snowball.
Anger then replaces the loss which is then expressed in two ways.
Anger then tends to have a snowballing effect.
Anger Think about the unthinkable.
Anger threatens the dream of peace.
Anger throws reason out the window.
Anger thus has the unrighteous goal of attempting to diminish the freedom of others.
Anger touches everyone.
Anger triggers most of the emotional and physical violence that occurs in the average American home.
Anger truly can be power.
Anger unexpressed is directed inward as guilt.
Anger uses filmmaking like a magician uses a wand.
Anger wants to turn around and kick the stone.
Anger weighs too much, it is the single most damaging personality trait one can possess.
Anger works like that, only for self-defense purposes.
Anger works on the intellectual dimension of the human being with the same mechanism.
Angers are harder.
Angers can offer a variety of cultural activities, shows, concerts, theater, festivals.
Angers is a historic city.
Angers is certainly a city of hospitality.
Angers is located in the west of France, in the Loire River Valley.
Angers is situated in the chateaux area of France, an hour or so south of Paris by fast train.
Angers is the capital.
Anger always accelerates the damage.
Anger always finds an expression.
Anger always leads to other sins.
Anger frequently results from the violation of rights.
Anger often can age into bitter feelings.
Anger often causes people to break nonviolent discipline.
Anger often causes the most consternation as it is an emotion with which many are uncomfortable.
Anger often comes from embarrasment, and it is always embarrassing to be deceived.
Anger often creates energy.
Anger often flares in the heat of summer.
Anger often gives rise to a fury that middle schoolers can neither understand nor control.
Anger often gives rise to a fury that middle schoolers can neither understand or control.
Anger often goes along with entitlement.
Anger often goes hand in hand with powerlessness.
Anger often masks sadness.
Anger sometimes expresses itself in name-calling and murder.
Anger sometimes is the end result of other feelings - such as frustration, fear or hurt.
Anger usually begins with inappropriate thoughts about people or situations.
Anger usually comes as a result of unmet expectations.
Anger usually develops as the result of other emotions.
All anger has a cause.
All anger is like a wave.
All anger is nothing more than an attempt to make someone feel guilty.
All anger is self-anger.
All anger is sin.
All anger is valid.
Most anger is caused by self- disappointment.
Most anger is the result of poor communication and narrow-mindedness.
Much anger is demonstrated towards each other, sometimes even into adulthood.
Some anger enlarges the dimensions of their narrow necks.
Some anger is even healthy.
Some anger remains over how the executive director was hired.
Angered people lose reason and therefore, strategy.
Angina pain can also be a symptom of heart valve problems.
Angina pain has a characteristic pattern for each patient.
Many angina patients report reduction in episodes within two weeks.
Most angina sufferers describe a heaviness, pressure, tightness, or aching sensation in the chest.
Angina has to stay up all day and all night talking to Pixy.
Angina is an inflammatory disease
Anginal pain is usually an ache.
Angioblastic cords are present in the septum transversum .e.g.
Angioblastic cords are present in the septum transversum.
An angiogenesis inhibitor is medicine
Angiogenesis inhibitors are currently in clinical trials in the U.S. and Europe.
Angiogenesis inhibitors are medicine.
Angiogenesis inhibitors are natural molecules present in tissues that halt the angiogenic process.
Angiogenesis inhibitors are now in clinical trials in the U.S. and Europe.
Angiogenesis inhibitors block the development of new blood vessels, preventing tumor formation.
Angiogenesis inhibitors prevent blood from reaching tumors, killing the tumors.
An angiogenesis is growth
Angiogenesis has interesting implications on the prevention of adhesion formation as well.
Angiogenesis involves endothelial proliferation, differentiation and migration.
Angiogenesis is a complex multistep process essential for tumour growth.
Angiogenesis is a critical part of tumor formation and diabetes.
Angiogenesis is a key aspect of reproductive biology.
Angiogenesis is a multistep process emanating from microvascular endothelial cells.
Angiogenesis is a normal biological process.
Angiogenesis is a process by which new blood vessels can be generated from preexisting ones.
Angiogenesis is a process controlled by certain chemicals produced in the body.
Angiogenesis is a process that is essential for normal life.
Angiogenesis is a. the formation of new blood vessels.b.
Angiogenesis is also a prominent feature of tissue repair and inflammation.
Angiogenesis is also indicative of aggressive , metastatic cancer of prostate.
Angiogenesis is also necessary for the metastasis of tumors.
Angiogenesis is also related to metastasis.
Angiogenesis is an essential factor for progression and metastases in solid tumors.
Angiogenesis is blocked.
Angiogenesis is controlled by certain bodily chemicals.
Angiogenesis is critical to cancer progression.
Angiogenesis is defined as the growth of new capillaries from pre-existing blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is dependent upon production of angiogenesis-stimulatory and inhibitory molecules.
Angiogenesis is fundamental for healing, reproduction, embryonic development.
Angiogenesis is fundamental to healing, reproduction and embryonic development.
Angiogenesis is fundamental to healing, reproduction, embryonic development.
Angiogenesis is growth of new blood vessels from preexisting vessels and capillaries.
Angiogenesis is induced by tumors as a lifeline for oxygen and nutrients.
Angiogenesis is initiated by a number of agonists, including nitric oxide.
Angiogenesis is necessary for growth and invasiveness of malignant tumors.
Angiogenesis is one of the ways that sarcomas grow and spread.
Angiogenesis is supposed to be helping high rate of cell growth and turnover.
Angiogenesis is the biological process by which new blood vessels are formed.
Angiogenesis is the biological process of forming new blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the body's natural ability to grow new blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the body's process of making new blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the development of new blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the formation of blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the formation of new blood vessels from existing blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the formation of new blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the formation of new, small blood vessels in the body.
Angiogenesis is the formulation of new blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the growth of new blood vessels, which is necessary for cancer growth.
Angiogenesis is the growth of new blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the process by which new blood vessels are formed from pre-existing capillaries.
Angiogenesis is the process by which the body forms new, small blood vessels called capillaries.
Angiogenesis is the process of generating new capillary blood vessels.
Angiogenesis is the process of new blood vessel formation.
Angiogenesis is the process upon which the growth of solid tumors depends.
Angiogenesis is the recruitment of blood vessels from the network of neighboring vessels.
Angiogenesis is the study of blood vessel formation.
Angiogenesis is thought to play a role in radiosensitivity.
Angiogenesis is under precise, dynamic, and complex homeostatic control.
Angiogenesis occurs naturally during pregnancy and wound healing.
Angiogenesis performs a critical role in the development of cancer.
Angiogenesis plays a critical role in the normal development of higher eukaryotic organisms.
Angiogenesis plays an important role in the growth and spread of cancer .
Angiogenesis plays an important role in the growth and spread of cancer.
Angiogenesis plays an important role in the growth, progression, and metastasis of solid tumours.
Angiogenesis prohibits blood vessels from sprouting and the tumor is choked off.
Angiogenesis refers to a process necessary to the growth of tumors.
Angiogenesis relates to the process of blood vessel development as it relates to tumor growth.
Angiogenesis represents an effective way of bypassing occluded arteries.
Angiogenesis takes place primarily during embryonic development and is rare in adulthood.
Angiogenesises are growth.
Angiogenic cells coalesce to form two lateral and two median endothelial tubes.
Angiogenic cells form in a horse shoe distribution lateral and rostral to the brain plate.
An angiogram is a photograph
Angiograms are inpatient procedures needed to image the arteries and veins before any treatment.
Angiograms are medical imaging.
Angiograms are X-ray pictures of arteries which display blood flow problems and blockages.
Angiograms require staying in the hospital about seven hours from start to finish.
Angiograms reveal blockages and areas of restricted blood flow.
Angiographic studies are recommended pre-operatively if arterial injury is suspected.
Some angiography procedures can take up to two hours while other procedures take less than an hour.
Angiolymphatic invasion is identified .
Angiolymphatic invasion is seen.
An angioplasty is an operation
Angioplasties are easier and safer than bypasses.
An angiosarcoma is a metastatic tumor
Angiosarcoma are malignant tumors that resemble blood or lymphatic vessels.
Angiosarcomas are the most common type.
Angiosperm fruit protects seeds.
An angiosperm is a seed plant
Angiosperm isa spermatophyte.
Angiosperms a. have naked seeds.
Angiosperms also have vascular tissue.
Angiosperms also provide important nonstable foods such as coffee, chocolate, and spices.
Angiosperms appear rather suddenly in the fossil record and rapidly diversified.
Angiosperms arc the most modern and the most highly specialized plants.
Angiosperms are a clade within the seed plants.
Angiosperms are a huge clade including all flowering plants.
Angiosperms are all the boring plants that people put in gardens, like cabbages and dahlias.
Angiosperms are arguably the largest extant group of plants on the planet today.
Angiosperms are clearly the most successful group of land plants.
Angiosperms are crucial for human existence.
Angiosperms are divided into two groups- monocots and dicots.
Angiosperms are found only on or near the shores.
Angiosperms are generally better competitors than gymnosperms.
Angiosperms are in class of seed plants that produce flowers that become fruits.
Angiosperms are plants producing flowers .
Angiosperms are plants that produce flowers.
Angiosperms are plants whose seeds are enclosed in a protective structure called the fruit.
Angiosperms are quite common.
Angiosperms are similar to gymnosperms in that A .
Angiosperms are species.
Angiosperms are the biggest group in the plant kingdom.
Angiosperms are the dominant planetary vegetation.
Angiosperms are the dominant plant in most of Earth's terrestrial ecosystems.
Angiosperms are the flowering plants.
Angiosperms are the largest and most common group of seed-bearing plants.
Angiosperms are the largest plant phylum.
Angiosperms are the most recently evolved kind of plant, and dominate terrestrial Earth.
Angiosperms are the most successful terrestrial plants.
Angiosperms are the source of our major food crops, including rice, wheat, maize, and barley.
Angiosperms are trees have broad leaves that usually change color and die every autumn.
Angiosperms are types of plants that bear fruits and flowers.
Angiosperms are vascular plants that produce both flowers and fruit.
Angiosperms are vascular plants.
Angiosperms are vascular, flowering, seed plants that produce seeds.
Angiosperms are very diverse.
Angiosperms are well known as being dependent on pollinators for fertilization and fruit production.
Angiosperms become life.
Angiosperms become plant life.
Angiosperms can be monocots or dicots.
Angiosperms can be woody or herbaceous.
Angiosperms comprise two separate groups, monocots and dicots.
Angiosperms develop reproductive organs called flowers.
Angiosperms divide into monocot and dicot families.
Angiosperms do as a rule contain five strands of vascular bundles.
Angiosperms dominate all fossil assemblages both in terms of diversity and abundance.
Angiosperms dominate the world's biota.
Angiosperms form their seeds enclosed in a fruit.
Angiosperms grow and reproduce a faster rate than the gymnosperms.
Angiosperms grow and reproduce by a process called alternation of generations .
Angiosperms grow in almost every kind of habitat.
Angiosperms have (part) blossoms.
Angiosperms have (part) carpels.
Angiosperms have (part) cell membranes.
Angiosperms have (part) cells.
Angiosperms have (part) corpi.
Angiosperms have (part) cytoplasm.
Angiosperms have (part) flowers.
Angiosperms have (part) nuclei.
Angiosperms have (part) ovaries.
Angiosperms have (part) perianths.
Angiosperms have (part) plasma membranes.
Angiosperms have (part) sections.
Angiosperms have (part) stamens.
Angiosperms have (part) vacuoles.
Angiosperms have a specialized organ of reproduction, the flower.
Angiosperms have an enormous range of variability in fruit formation.
Angiosperms have cotyledons.
Angiosperms have flowers.
Angiosperms have gymnosperms.
Angiosperms have male and female parts that work together to create a new plant.
Angiosperms have male sex organs called stamens.
Angiosperms have nuclei.
Angiosperms have polar nuclei.
Angiosperms have pollen.
Angiosperms have seeds that are covered.
Angiosperms have structures.
Angiosperms have the organs of both male and female reproductive systems.
Angiosperms have to undergo a process called pollination before they can reproduce.
Angiosperms Identify the following pictures as an example of a monocot or dicot.
Angiosperms inhabit all seven continents, as well as the oceans.
Angiosperms live in all terrestrial and aquatic habitats on earth.
Angiosperms make up the largest class in the plant kingdom.
Angiosperms possess true leaves, stems, and roots.
Angiosperms produce a wide array of leaves.
Angiosperms produce fruit.
Angiosperms produce hardwood.
Angiosperms produce pollen.
Angiosperms produce seeds.
Angiosperms provide an enormous environmental and economical importance.
Angiosperms provide the vast majority of food crops for humans.
Angiosperms provide virtually all plant-based food , as well as most livestock feed.
Angiosperms provide virtually all plant-based food, as well as most livestock feed.
Angiosperms rely on the wind, animals and insects for pollination .
Angiosperms represent the most advanced group of vascular plants.
Angiosperms reproduce by double fertilization.
Angiosperms run the world.
Angiosperms take many adaptive tacks to maximize pollen flow between plants and minimize 'selfing'.
Angiosperms tend to have less lignin and more hemicellulose than gymnosperms.
Angiosperms thrive all over the world.
Angiosperms typically bear flat, broad leaves and rely mainly on animals for the seed dispersion.
Angiosperms typically have both tracheids and vessels.
Angiosperms often have vegetative, asexual reproduction methods.
All angiosperms reproduce by means of covered seeds.
Many Angiosperms are annuals, living for only a single season.
Many angiosperms have different methods, however.
Many angiosperms have more than two sets of chromosomes.
Most angiosperms become life.
Most angiosperms become plant life.
Most angiosperms have cotyledons.
Most angiosperms have gymnosperms.
Most angiosperms have nuclei.
Most angiosperms have polar nuclei.
Most angiosperms have pollen.
Most angiosperms have structures.
Most angiosperms have vessels in their xylem.
Most angiosperms have vessels.
Most angiosperms lack a vascular cambium, i.e., they are non-woody herbs or herbaceous .
Most angiosperms produce fruit.
Most angiosperms produce seeds.
Some angiosperms are classified as monocots.
Some angiosperms bear fruit.
Some angiosperms have entire plants.
Some angiosperms have fruit.
Some angiosperms have plants.
Some angiosperms have stamens.
Some angiosperms produce only one type of gametophyte, either male or female, per plant.
Some angiosperms protect embryos.
Some angiosperms rely on insects.
Angiospermous plants are considered in greater detail in a later chapter.
Angiotensin receptors modulate the tension of smooth muscle, including venous and arterial tissue.
An angiotensin is an agent
Angiotensin acts at specialized sites, known as angiotensin receptors.
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors are a common cause of drug induced angioedema.
Angiotensin narrows blood vessels, helping maintain blood pressure.
Angiotensin stimulates respiration in spontaneously hypertensive rats.
Angiotensins are peptides.
Angiotensins are proteins.
Angiotensins stimulate catecholamine release from the chromaffin tissue of the rainbow trout.
Angle adjustment allows user to move legs and feet to improve circulation.
Angle adjustment is another satisfying experience.
An angle bracket is a punctuation mark
Angle brackets align the case to the sun.
Angle brackets are another valid construct in templates.
Angle brackets are brackets.
Angle brackets are punctuation.
Angle brackets indicate an ensemble average.
Angle brackets means to look in the standard place for it.
Angle brackets used in homes are stiffeners.
Angle grinders are one of the most dangerous tools in any workplace.
Angle grinders used with cutting discs expose workers to a range of severe additional hazards.
Angle indicator helps with proper positioning and installation.
An angle iron is support
Angle irons help reinforce the thinest section of the ring.
Angle measures are in degrees.
All angle measures are positive. .
An angle of attack is an incidence angle
Angle of attack has a large effect on the drag generated by an aircraft.
Angle of attack has a large effect on the lift generated by a wing.
Angle of attack is defined as the angle between the relative wind and the chord line.
Angle of attack is greater than angle of attack .
Angle of attack is the angle of the chord line to the apparent wind.
Angle of attack refers to the angle of an airfoil to the oncoming airflow.
An angle of incidence is an angle
Angle of incidence equals angle of exit.
Angle of incidence is equal to the angle of reflection.
All angles of parallelism are less than a right angle.
Angle of reflection is an angle
Angle of reflection is determined by the height of the sun above the horizon.
Angle of repose is a quality control test used to determine the flowability of the powder.
An angle of view is an angle
Angle of view is another variable to consider when shooting.
Angle of view is determined by the focal length of the lens.
Angle of view is limited.
Angle of view is the angle that the lens sees.
Angle of view refers to how much of a scene the lens covers.
Angle strain is the strain put on carbon bonds when they are in ring structures.
An angle is space
Angle breaks it.
Angle comes in and attacks from behind.
Angle covers for the win.
Angle covers, ref is busy on the outside.
Angle enters the ring.
Angle grabs the belts and walks away.
Angle hits a suplex on Austin.
Angle hits two belly to belly suplexes.
Angle is a new element of the serve.
Angle is a subjective call.
Angle is better each and every time out.
Angle is everything.
Angle is how far the bot is turned from the x-axis.
Angle is in radians.
Angle is out like a light.
Angle is out to start the show.
Angle is scheduled to throw out the first pitch at an upcoming Pittsburgh Pirates baseball game.
Angle is too good as heel.
Angle isa shape.
Angle kicks out.
Angle lands a series of suplexes, and covers for a two count.
Angle lists the object's clockwise rotation in degrees.
Angle looks pleased as punch.
Angle orients two planes at the specified angle to one another.
Angle picks up Jericho in the Olympic Slam.
Angle pins away from work to keep pins clear of iron when fusing.
Angle quickly lands a swift kick in the ribs.
Angle quickly regains control of the match.
Angle reaches the ropes to get out of the hold.
Angle receives a body press and some right hands from Austin.
Angle refers to the position of the bag relative to the work surface.
Angle rolls out of the ring and runs away.
Angle rolls up Jericho.
Angle steals someones car and drives away.
Angle takes it to Test back in the ring.
Angle taps out.
Angle trim the board's corner edge slightly with a block plane.
Angle trips up Austin and applies the Shamrock lock.
Angle walks out to the top of the stage with a mic in hand and a neck brace on.
Angle wins via tight-pull.
Angles are a big part of it.
Angles are a common structural element.
Angles are a later development.
Angles are all in degrees.
Angles are all over the house.
Angles are always in degrees.
Angles are as specified.
Angles are available as a hot rolled product.
Angles are available in soft or firm snap-on cup made of synthetic rubber.
Angles are bent, walls curve, and the eye is led from one room to another.
Angles are congruent if their measures, in degrees, are equal.
Angles are coterminal if they have the same terminal side.
Angles are crucial as it represent more than sight or what one sees with the physical eyes.
Angles are deceptive even to a trained eye.
Angles are easy as pie.
Angles are for quartz.
Angles are in degrees, arcminutes and arcseconds or in decimal degrees.
Angles are in degrees.
Angles are in radians, and a positive angle goes in the direction of the right hand rule.
Angles are in radians.
Angles are measure in radians.
Angles are more accurate.
Angles are soft.
Angles are space.
Angles are terrible downhill, Front fork is low travel and very soft, no disc mounts.
Angles are the key in many forms of magic.
Angles are the most common type of number used by the celestial navigator.
Angles are the name of the game on clay.
Angles are the strongest, lightest, and stiffest, and occupy less transverse space.
Angles are true and distances can be measured using the vertical scale.
Angles are very important as well as the tweens.
Angles are very important when playing racquetball.
Angles are, in general, expressed in radians.
Angles block the line of power.
Angles can be positive and negative to represent directions.
Angles can form sharp, potentially penetrating points.
Angles come in all sizes and shapes, all ages and skin types.
Angles fish after dark in the river's numerous backwaters and nightcrawlers are the preferred bait.
Angles fly and devils prod in a triptych in which the artist is a fish with three human heads.
Angles follow clockwise.
Angles formed by a number of rays with a common point are supplementary.
Angles hold many different meanings and are defined differently by everyone.
Angles Identify the terminology associated with points, lines, planes, and angles.
Angles incorporate all of that.
Angles listed above are approximates taken from field notes.
Angles make a room warmer, giving it a casual, lived-in elegance.
Angles seem odd.
Angles singing in our heads, children laugh, children cry.
Angles span the columns and particle parameters the third dimension.
Angles start with being on line and can be an abstract concept for keepers, young and old.
All angles are equal.
All angles are in arcsec.
All angles are in degrees.
All angles are in radians.
All angles are radians.
All angles are relative to the hologram input surface normal.
All angles are right angles .
All angles are right angles.
All angles are the same price.
All angles are with respect to the x-axis.
All angles are wrong.
All angles provide good visibility, but there is plenty to keep the attention inside.
All angles shown from that point on are in relation to that setting.
Any angle can work to be entertaining in a sports movie.
Any angle inscribed in a semi-circle is a right angle.
Every angle has a bisector.
Every angle has a unique bisector.
Every angle has exactly one bisector.
Every angle inscribed in a semicircle is a right angle.
Every angle is covered in a wonderfully easy style of writing .
Every angle is rounded and polished to a brilliant shine.
Every angle lights up a different color.
Some angles are really acute , while others are obtuse .
Some angles have wings.
Some angles show certain information better than others.
Angled corners add a finishing touch.
Angled eyebrows are people who want to stay mentally in control.
Angled eyepiece adds to ease of use.
Angled head provides additional clearance in confined areas.
Angled lines can also help lead the viewer's eye toward the subject.
Angled planes capping the building's component shapes create a complex, energized roofline.
Angled sides match the studio tilted cabinet and the studio keyboard.
Angled slopes match the slopes of the adjoining sections of roof.
Angled versions allow the instrument to be offset when extra clearance is needed.
Most angler encounters are in Scottish sea lochs.
An angler fish is a bony fish
Angler fish have an interesting mating routing.
Angler fish have bones.
Angler fish have diets.
Angler fish have heads.
Angler fish have massive heads.
Angler fish have particularly unusual adaptations and life cycles.
Angler fish have vary diets.
Angler fish live in deep sea.
Angler fish live in sea.
Angler fish use dorsal fins.
Angler fish use fins.
Most angler fish have bones.
Most angler fish have diets.
Most angler fish have heads.
Most angler fish have massive heads.
Most angler fish live in deep sea.
Most angler fish live in sea.
Most angler fish use dorsal fins.
Some angler fish have success.
An angler is a bony fish
Angler isa fish.
Anglers abound in great fishing experiences.
Anglers adapt well to life in captivity, and are relatively hardy.
Anglers also can qualify on the regional level.
Anglers also can turn to Northern California Fly Fishing .
Anglers also drift weighted and unweighted live baits and troll fresh baits and artificial lures.
Anglers also find delight in the lake's rich variety of fresh-water fish.
Anglers also fish from the beach and in the Columbia River.
Anglers also use deadsalted minnows, nightcrawlers, or red worms.
Anglers also use jigs or spec rigs to catch kingfish.
Anglers are also well catered for with several rivers and fisheries in the area.
Anglers are always welcome.
Anglers are an important link in the monitoring of area rivers.
Anglers are angry.
Anglers are attracted to the stocked walleye population in Gull Lake.
Anglers are catch ing northerns.
Anglers are devoted to repristinating waterways, beaches, ponds, and even oceans.
Anglers are exempt at boat ramps.
Anglers are fishermans.
Anglers are fishers.
Anglers are fortunate people.
Anglers are frequently interested in the age of walleye they have caught.
Anglers are friendly, socially responsible people.
Anglers are in effect taking out their human-created stress upon an innocent third party.
Anglers are interested in lake turnover because they know it can foul up fishing.
Anglers are less likely to be stymied by flatheads that have seemingly disappeared.
Anglers are likely to see wildlife along the river bears, elk, deer.
Anglers are limited to five trout per day per person.
Anglers are limited to fly fishing and require a special fishing permit.
Anglers are limited to taking five rainbow trout per day.
Anglers are limited to two poles per person in use at any one time.
Anglers are more likely to catch bluegills than crappies.
Anglers are often disappointed due to the lake's high acidity.
Anglers are often quiet about their cause, so politicians think no one cares.
Anglers are on their own.
Anglers are responsible for all applicable taxes on prizes received.
Anglers are responsible for carefully releasing bull trout in closed waters.
Anglers are responsible for their own bait.
Anglers are resposible for their fish.
Anglers are schemers.
Anglers are sight casting to bedding fish.
Anglers are sight fishing.
Anglers are subject to all Colorado state fishing regulations.
Anglers are successful by using either flies or by trolling with small lures or spinning gear.
Anglers are sure to like the barrier-free pier near the boat launch and parking area.
Anglers are sure to like the barrier-free pier.
Anglers are very involved in conservation.
Anglers are video games.
Anglers are welcome to bring their own food and alcoholic beverages if desired.
Anglers are welcome to use their own gear.
Anglers are, like any group, interested in protecting things they like.
Anglers arrive in droves and leave with ice chests packed with tasty white fillets.
Anglers attempt to run the line through a fish's mouth, eventually drawing the hook to flesh.
Anglers attending the show can experience fly fishing on a computerized virtual fly fishing machine.
Anglers attentive to coastal and marine forecasts can catch big-game species nearer shore.
Anglers begin again in the second and final round of competition.
Anglers begin arriving at the lodge as soon as ice is out.
Anglers believe that the fun they have angling is more important than the cormorants' right to live.
Anglers can also cast for walleye, sauger, catfish and other species.
Anglers can also catch channel cats and white bass there.
Anglers can also catch game fish like northern pike and tiger muskie in both settings.
Anglers can also catch giant smallmouth bass here.
Anglers can also earn extra points for fishing lighter line classes.
Anglers can also fish for bass, bluegills, sunfish, crappie and catfish.
Anglers can also have no more than five hooks per jug.
Anglers can also insert foam or weights inside the tube to change the rate of descent.
Anglers can also post messages on an electronic bulletin board.
Anglers can also receive loaner rods, reels and bait.
Anglers can also scoop minnows, crawfish or grass shrimp in roadside ditches or small streams.
Anglers can also take advantage of our spacious heated fishing hut with cooking facilities.
Anglers can also target salmon stocked into various landlocked lakes.
Anglers can also try for halibut, snapper and bass.
Anglers can also try their hand at catching bullhead, carp and drum in Locust Creek.
Anglers can also try their luck for bass, crappie, and catfish.
Anglers can also wet their lines here.
Anglers can arrange for pick-up right at the dock.
Anglers can bottom fish for sea trout, croaker, spot, flounder or bluefish.
Anglers can bring their own bait and tackle or use the equipment provided.
Anglers can bring their own tackle or rent tackle at the lake.
Anglers can buy bait and tackle here and can charter or rent boats.
Anglers can camp in the national forest and canyon.
Anglers can cast a line for salmon, trout, carp or perch in rivers, lakes and canals.
Anglers can cast flies around lighted docks or beachhouse piers.
Anglers can cast their line at our stocked fishing pond.
Anglers can cast their lines wade fishing from piers or boats in either the bay or the Gulf.
Anglers can catch a number of sub legal sized walleyes, with an occasional keeper.
Anglers can catch baitfish on ultralight rods.
Anglers can catch bass all year long in deep water.
Anglers can catch browns that are ten pounds or more by using rapalas or lures.
Anglers can catch catfish, white perch, and striped bass.
Anglers can catch eels but they are generally sought by trapping.
Anglers can catch plenty in Grand Strand waterways.
Anglers can charter boats to go after salmon, trout, pike and perch.
Anglers can chase largemouth bass, bluegill, crappie, catfish, or pickerel.
Anglers can check flows on the web or call a local shop.
Anglers can distinguish the fish by looking at the mouth.
Anglers can drive right up to the loch.
Anglers can easily cast to any spot on the creek from shore.
Anglers can enjoy fantastic fishing then, using jigs or minnows.
Anglers can enjoy rod, deep sea and estuary fishing.
Anglers can enter the lagoon and cast from boats.
Anglers can escape from crowds found elsewhere.
Anglers can expect a variety of interesting fishing opportunities.
Anglers can expect an average of three to four keepers.
Anglers can expect fast action on pan-sized rainbows with a chance of catching a few bass.
Anglers can expect good fishing on inland waters as well.
Anglers can expect increased numbers of sublegal walleye in their catches during the next two years.
Anglers can expect success.
Anglers can expect the recent good striper and largemouth fishing to continue.
Anglers can expect their skills to be challenged to the utmost.
Anglers can expect to catch bigger rainbow and cutthroat than in many similar-sized streams.
Anglers can expect to catch blue marlin, mahi mahi and tuna as well as sailfish and wahoo.
Anglers can expect to catch brown, rainbow and brook trout.
Anglers can expect to catch smallmouth bass, brook and rainbow trout .
Anglers can expect to catch white perch, catfish, carp and rockfish.
Anglers can expect to go fishing for spring salmon , coho and even cod .
Anglers can fill their creels with striped bass, rainbow trout, bass, catfish, bluegill and crappie.
Anglers can find a variety of saltwater and freshwater species to test their skills.
Anglers can find access at Silver City above the lake.
Anglers can find access at the county-owned South Fork Conservation Area.
Anglers can find good fishing through the colder months.
Anglers can find peace and solitude, along with uneducated fish.
Anglers can find plenty of steelhead or trout to tug on their line.
Anglers can find rainbow trout, catfish and Alabama spotted bass.
Anglers can find sailfish, marlin, kingfish, snapper, barracuda and grouper.
Anglers can find such species as northern pike, bluegill, yellow perch, largemouth bass, and trout.
Anglers can fish eight miles of premier brown trout waters for stocked browns or rainbows.
Anglers can fish either from the bank or by boat.
Anglers can fish for crappie, catfish, or bream from boats or the riverbanks.
Anglers can fish for perch, bass, cutthroat and rainbow trout, and kokanee salmon.
Anglers can fish for perch, bass, pike, cutthroat and rainbow trout, and kokanee salmon.
Anglers can fish for perch, corbina, grunion and yellow-fin croaker.
Anglers can fish for rainbows, browns, brookies and cutthroats.
Anglers can fish for smallmouth, largemouth, and spotted bass.
Anglers can fish for their supper.
Anglers can fish for trout on hundreds of miles of unspoiled rushing streams.
Anglers can fish for trout, steelhead, sturgeon and shad.
Anglers can fish for yellow pickerel, northern pike, lake trout and small mouth bass.
Anglers can fish from one hour before sunrise until one hour after sunset.
Anglers can fish from shore or can use carry-in boats.
Anglers can fish in three ponds and two lakes, but State fishing licenses are required.
Anglers can fish reefs off the mouth of the bayou, or the marshy shorelines and ponds on the inside.
Anglers can fish the full length on both sides.
Anglers can fish the stream for bass and bluegill.
Anglers can fish to their heart's content in our well-stocked waters.
Anglers can fish upstream for over a mile on the north bank.
Anglers can fly into Little Rock and rent a car for a short drive of less than two hours.
Anglers can follow that lead.
Anglers can help by fishing for gobies in the System.
Anglers can help prevent infections by taking extra care when returning fish to the water.
Anglers can hunt for fish either by boat or by wading.
Anglers can improve their casting skills and compete with friends at the same time, without water .
Anglers can influence the future of Minnesota's fisheries as much as the DNR can.
Anglers can keep five trout daily.
Anglers can keep one fish a day, and the season limit is five fish per angler.
Anglers can keep the fish, which are excellent eating.
Anglers can launch their boats at the state ramp.
Anglers can learn more about fish than they ever thought possible.
Anglers can locate schools with fish locators and by watching for flocks of feeding seagulls.
Anglers can look forward to good catches of crappies, bluegills, catfish, bass and bullheads.
Anglers can look forward to great stream fishing and uncrowded conditions.
Anglers can look to the park's four stocked lakes and various trout streams.
Anglers can now report round gobies using an online portal.
Anglers can occasionally catch holdover and stocked cutthroats.
Anglers can ply the waters for anything from the humble flounder to the majestic blue marlin.
Anglers can prepare the circumstances but the circle has to be completed by the fish.
Anglers can purchase ice, cold drinks, tackle, frozen bait, and lures.
Anglers can qualify for membership in any or all of the three categories.
Anglers can read a weekly fishing report.
Anglers can reel for crappies, white bass, catfish, carp, small mouth bass, rock bass, and sauger.
Anglers can register by mail, fax or in person.
Anglers can rub off the winter's rust, and drink in the green shimmer of the new leaves.
Anglers can sometimes find good conditions before the runoff begins in the spring.
Anglers can still find plenty of slot-sized stripers in the rivers.
Anglers can still see a trout to catch.
Anglers can take two salmon per trip.
Anglers can take up the challenge of fly, coastal, deep sea, shark or freshwater fishing.
Anglers can tangle with big pike, bass, and walleye.
Anglers can target four species of North Pacific salmon, pink, coho, sockeye and chinook.
Anglers can target largemouth bass, pickerel, carp, perch, and other sunfish.
Anglers can test their skills against the many species of game fish.
Anglers can test their skills against the wily trout.
Anglers can try fly fishing, bank fishing and drift boat fishing.
Anglers can try for largemouth bass or smallmouth bass.
Anglers can try for walleye and sturgeon in the Columbia River.
Anglers can try the surf from isolated beaches along the way.
Anglers can try their luck fishing for brook trout, rainbow trout, northern pike and bull trout.
Anglers can try their luck fishing for northern pike, arctic grayling, bull trout and whitefish.
Anglers can try their luck fishing for walleye, northern pike, yellow perch and burbot.
Anglers can typically choose to fish from the bank or some form of watercraft.
Anglers can use a rod and reel, but most flatheads are caught on trotlines or throwlines.
Anglers can use bait, flies or lures as long as they immediately release all fish caught.
Anglers can use information about temperature and oxygen levels to decide when and where to fish.
Anglers can use pole and line, trotlines and limblines.
Anglers can use the dry fly pattern to imitate the duns.
Anglers can use the software to search for lakes where their favorite fish is most abundant.
Anglers can wade or fish from one of the club's skiffs guided by experienced staff.
Anglers can weigh in five fish each day.
Anglers can witness the fish turn away from the boat or slowly move away.
Anglers catch a wide variety of delicious fish and many eat the fish they catch.
Anglers catch an additional number of fish, and an unknown number of birds and rabbits are shot.
Anglers catch fish.
Anglers catch it on a small hook usually baited with a salted or fresh minnow or shiner.
Anglers catch kokanee while trolling, using both downriggers and top-lining equipment.
Anglers catch lingcod in the waters of California, Oregon, Washington, British Columbia, and Alaska.
Anglers catch predominantly rainbow trout, but also some brown trout.
Anglers catch sheepshead, gag grouper and Spanish mackerel when they are running.
Anglers catch smelt by ice fishing in the winter and dipnetting in the spring.
Anglers catch summer flounder from shore, piers, and boats with hook and line.
Anglers catch summer flounder from the shore, piers and boats with hook and line.
Anglers catch walleye, crappie, sauger, white bass and channel catfish.
Anglers catch winning fish at derby.
Anglers chase fish.
Anglers choose from surf casting, light tackle bay fishing and deep sea fishing.
Anglers come and go depending on success and money.
Anglers come for a wide variety of sportfish, including redfish, trout, flounder and whiting.
Anglers come for brook trout, lake trout and panfish.
Anglers come for cod, bluefish, mackerel, striped bass, pollock and bluefin tuna.
Anglers come for striped bass and bluefish.
Anglers come for the abundant bass, catfish, crappie, stripers, and wipers . . .
Anglers come for the creek's brook trout, while a resident elk population attracts hunters.
Anglers come for the excellent salmon and sea-trout fishing.
Anglers come from all over Oklahoma and Arkansas to tangle with the state s orneriest game fish.
Anglers come from all over the world to fish in Hawaii s sport fishing capital.
Anglers come from all over the world to fish in Hawaii's sportfishing capital.
Anglers come here for spotted sea trout, sandtrout, redfish, black drum, flounder, and croaker.
Anglers come here from all over the world for a unique mixture of lake and river fishing.
Anglers come in all dimensions, colors, flavors, temperaments, cars, RVs, canoes, and professions.
Anglers come to greet the fish.
Anglers commonly experience high-quality fishing experiences at both streams.
Anglers consider the flowage excellent habitat for bass, muskie, northern, walleye, and panfish.
Anglers continue to catch the ever-popular flounder in the bay.
Anglers continue to take large-mouth bass and bluegill from the creeks feeding the bay.
Anglers continue to throw plastics and spinnerbaits in shallow water.
Anglers cruise the shoreline, watching the gulls.
Anglers delight in fishing from the fertile waterways.
Anglers describe tournament kingfishing as hours of boredom interrupted by moments of utter chaos.
Anglers desiring a mount for the wall can now photograph, weigh, measure and release their catch.
Anglers differ in their attitudes about fishing for nesting bass.
Anglers discuss, the approach, anchoring off, cast and retrieve.
Anglers do best casting just slightly to one side or the other or straight upstream.
Anglers do get hungry.
Anglers do well by using some of the smaller streams.
Anglers do well to concentrate on feeding lanes between weeds that are close to shore.
Anglers dragging around coolers are easy to spot.
Anglers easily find peace, relaxation, solitude and pleasant fishing.
Anglers employ a multitude of fishing techniques.
Anglers enjoy a delicious streamside lunch on each trip.
Anglers enjoy catching scup because they put up a fight.
Anglers enjoy easy access, comfortable pegs and lots of water to choose from.
Anglers enjoy outstanding bass fishing.
Anglers enjoy solitude and a variety of spring hatches.
Anglers enjoy some of the best bass and crappie fishing anywhere.
Anglers enjoy the new boat ramp, docks and fish cleaning station.
Anglers enjoy the river, particularly during the fall salmon migration.
Anglers enjoy the roughed and semi-arid landscape while wading amongst the willows.
Anglers enjoy the solitude of trout fishing from non-motorized boats or boats with electric motors.
Anglers enjoying a hearty meal can view salmon leaping in the home pool.
Anglers enploy a number of techniques, including flies, and spinning or trolling gear.
Anglers especially appreciate the many types of fish found here.
Anglers favor the crashing froth between the falls for catching rainbow trout.
Anglers feel at home at any one of the places to drop a line.
Anglers find bass, catfish and sunfish.
Anglers find many secluded spots for surf fishing as well as piers and jetties.
Anglers find warm and cold water species in the lake with native brown trout in feeder streams.
Anglers first cut and trim a bamboo stalk.
Anglers fish Cimarron River for stocked rainbow trout or stream-bred brown trout.
Anglers fish for a wide variety of eligible species including drum, bluefish, trout, and more.
Anglers fish for gar, crappie, bowfin, bream species, buffalo, carp and catfish.
Anglers fish for salmon with rod and reel, often using flies as bait.
Anglers fish for steelhead and salmon during the winter season.
Anglers fish for steelhead and salmon during the winter.
Anglers fish from the docks and along the shoreline.
Anglers fish in the troubled race at the foot.
Anglers fish remote waters such as One Horse Gap Lake.
Anglers fish such areas with sucker-colored jerkbaits.
Anglers fish the bay for northern pike and walleye.
Anglers fish the local rivers and lakes for trophies.
Anglers fish two to a boat in stable fourteen foot fiberglass skiffs.
Anglers fish two to a guide, usually from boats but on occasion wading the smaller rivers.
Anglers fishing in or near the canals use several baits to attract trout.
Anglers fishing live golden shiners account for some of the larger bass caught from the lake.
Anglers flock here year-round in search of that elusive record catch.
Anglers follow the fish, which are relatively easy to find and catch.
Anglers follow the honor system as to what constitutes a catch.
Anglers frequent the dam where yellowfish, carp and barbel are often caught.
Anglers frequent the many rivers, streams, lakes, and reservoirs of the forest.
Anglers gather in the parking lot in the evening with hibachis and brews and swap lies.
Anglers generally have ample time to set the hook when they are hitting.
Anglers generally use the same techniques and gear for catching coho as they use for chinook.
Anglers get plenty of fishing time.
Anglers go after smallmouth bass as the premier game fish.
Anglers haul in fall chinook from the Columbia River near Portland.
Anglers have (part) brains.
Anglers have (part) breasts.
Anglers have (part) cell membranes.
Anglers have (part) chest cavities.
Anglers have (part) chests.
Anglers have (part) corpi.
Anglers have (part) cytoplasm.
Anglers have (part) ears.
Anglers have (part) faces.
Anglers have (part) fish scales.
Anglers have (part) fishbones.
Anglers have (part) flippers.
Anglers have (part) heads.
Anglers have (part) nuclei.
Anglers have (part) pedal extremities.
Anglers have (part) plasma membranes.
Anglers have (part) rib cages.
Anglers have (part) sections.
Anglers have (part) skulls.
Anglers have (part) sperm.
Anglers have (part) sterna.
Anglers have (part) tail fins.
Anglers have (part) vacuoles.
Anglers have (part) vertebrate feet.
Anglers have (part) yolks.
Anglers have a lot of options and opportunities.
Anglers have a picnic, too.
Anglers have an excellent chance to go home with a fine catch.
Anglers have an opportunity to catch walleyes of all sizes.
Anglers have harvest.
Anglers have luck fishing from the shoreline with baits and spinners.
Anglers have miles of river to choose from.
Anglers have no business cleaning a fish in a stream anyway.
Anglers have no way of doing that, and the process is time consuming.
Anglers have plenty of choice with excellent coarse, game or sea fishing.
Anglers have preference.
Anglers have several options for membership.
Anglers have teeth in their throats to prevent prey from escaping.
Anglers have teeth.
Anglers have the opportunity to catch barracuda and Nile perch.
Anglers have the opportunity to fish for a variety of species in the many area lakes.
Anglers have their choice between saltwater and freshwater fishing.
Anglers have their choice of four species of trout, as well as bass, Kokanee and steelhead.
Anglers have to work with the media and the general public.
Anglers have two choices.
Anglers head here for the grayling, char, and chum salmon often found in abundance in the rivers.
Anglers head offshore to fish for billfish, tuna, dolphin, and wahoo.
Anglers heading to the Cape ought to concentrate their fishing on the bay side.
Anglers here spend less time motoring and more time fishing.
Anglers here use bait, lures and flies and sometimes catch a monster-size brown trout.
Anglers here use flies, bait and lures from both the bank and boats with good success.
Anglers here use flies, bait and lures, and the lake is small enough to easily fish from the bank.
Anglers know grouper fishing is fun, challenging and often frustrating and demanding sport.
Anglers know our area is a hot spot for the big ones.
Anglers know that the future of any fishery depends on taking care of the resource.
Anglers lease a stream from landowners to fish it.
Anglers like to try their luck from the rock covered shoreline.
Anglers like to try their luck from the rock-covered shoreline.
Anglers line the jetty wall.
Anglers live for the perfect fishing hole.
Anglers load one of the provided aerators with expectations of a great day.
Anglers looking for information on specific trout lakes can find it in the trout lake chart .
Anglers love Carolina Beach.
Anglers love it here and keep coming back and there's great diving too.
Anglers love it, too.
Anglers love the challenge of the big Thompson River and the trophy trout waters of the Big Valley.
Anglers love to talk and once in a while have been known to tell the truth.
Anglers Mastering the fishermans language is impossible - dont even try.
Anglers Never crowd other fishermen.
Anglers normally have other choices when fishing turns sour.
Anglers obtain live shad by using cast nets.
Anglers obviously prefer bass, bluegill and crappie.
Anglers persist in winter, bearing augers for ice fishing.
Anglers prefer to fish for specks in summer and the second preference is fall.
Anglers probe the greenish pools for brook, brown and rainbow trout.
Anglers provide their own camping gear and food.
Anglers pursue redband trout.
Anglers pursue walleye more than any other DNR-stocked fish.
Anglers quickly develop a common instinct to protect our natural resources.
Anglers receive a Release Certificate for each release.
Anglers receive plaques for the top three places of each of our tournaments.
Anglers regularly catch all kinds of bass, panfish, and catfish in the river.
Anglers regularly take out walleye, bass, crappie, and catfish.
Anglers releasing fish at water level are exciting.
Anglers report catches of cutts up to ten pounds.
Anglers report catching a lot of undersized walleyes.
Anglers report catching good quantities of stripers, wipers, walleye and white bass.
Anglers report catching many undersize fish.
Anglers report catching some panfish and a few bass in early morning or late afternoon and evening.
Anglers report good catches of white bass and catfish on river backwaters.
Anglers report good luck with light tackle and fly.
Anglers report good water conditions and moderate fishing.
Anglers report great catches from all depths.
Anglers report hooking and losing an occasional lunker.
Anglers report successful panfishing on area lakes.
Anglers require a national park specific licence to fish in the park.
Anglers Roost Private unimproved ramp, no charge for use.
Anglers rotate throughout the holes in a timed fashion.
Anglers say live sharks are generally released.
Anglers say the birds have devastated fish populations- and in some cases, the local economy.
Anglers say there is no established pattern for catching stripers.
Anglers seek all bay species, including sturgeon, stripers and flounder.
Anglers seek out sockeye when the fish return to their natal streams to spawn.
Anglers seeking a more secluded experience can hike one of the inner-canyon routes.
Anglers seeking sponsors often find themselves in an information vacuum.
Anglers spend long hours on the road and hard days on the water.
Anglers spend money on everything from fishing line and hooks to accommodations and food.
Anglers stand on the docks in the boat harbors to fish through the thin ice.
Anglers still see no sign that overfishing is being robustly addressed.
Anglers take salmon daily from the wharf.
Anglers take some nice smallmouth on jigs in spring.
Anglers take whitefish, cisco, suckers, pike, perch and pickerel.
Anglers tend to congregate in shacks or shanties at the better fishing spots on the lake.
Anglers tend to fish perch lakes down until their is nothing left.
Anglers tend to have the best success with crank-baits or live bait.
Anglers test their talents catching striped bass, steelhead, salmon and sturgeon.
Anglers think they've found nirvana when they visit Steuben County.
Anglers travel from all parts of the world to take part in the annual fishing season.
Anglers travel from near and far to take advantage of the fishing charters on Lake Erie.
Anglers travel from near and far to take advantage of the fishing charters.
Anglers traveling without tackle can rent a flyfishing outfit, waders, boots, etc.
Anglers try to reel in specific saltwater fish at certain sizes to earn points.
Anglers typically desire the ability to implement long distance casts.
Anglers typically fish two to a boat with their guide, or wade a remote stream.
Anglers use a much shorter pole, often made partially of wood for ice fishing.
Anglers use a variety of baits for berley, such as bread, or fish heads and guts.
Anglers use a variety of techniques for Lake Erie walleye.
Anglers use artificial flies with a barbless hook and fly rods.
Anglers use bait.
Anglers use baits and lures, casting from boats or the shore of the lagoon.
Anglers use cast or dip nets to scoop bait by the handfuls.
Anglers use gold rapalas, z-rays, and wet flies.
Anglers use huge quantities of groundbait to attract fish to fishing areas.
Anglers use lake shiners on perch spreaders fished on or near bottom.
Anglers use light tackle with wet or dry flies, small spinners, or natural bait.
Anglers use live bait.
Anglers use maggots usually provided by commercial suppliers to catch non-predatory fish.
Anglers use sectioned green crabs, speckled crab, marsh crabs, sand crabs, and clam for the tautog.
Anglers use the clams as live bait, and whole clams sometimes survive.
Anglers use the live shad and the same artificial lures to fish for the striped and sunshine bass.
Anglers using boats can be at risk when it comes to boating and boat safety.
Anglers using rod and reel accomplish the majority of the tagging for all species combined.
Anglers using snowshoes or snowmachines report decent catches of walleye and panfish.
Anglers visit the site to fish for crappie, white bass, largemouth bass, and channel catfish.
Anglers visit too, since there are lakes and streams in every nook.
Anglers wait for fish.
Anglers watch fish.
Anglers watch for the annual steelhead and salmon runs upriver each Autumn.
Anglers wishing to use fly tackle are also welcome to bring their own also.
Anglers working the deeper holes of the Minnesota River with chubs continue to hit flathead catfish.
Anglers always follow a hot bite so they head out to the lake and use the productive presentation.
Anglers frequently have good luck catching rainbow trout in Nancy Greene Lake .
Anglers frequently make the statement that they lose bigfish.
Anglers frequently see flounders popping the surface as they attack prey along shorelines.
Anglers often aim at mejina, but, isuzumi.
Anglers often catch bass, catfish, and walleye.
Anglers often have to follow the fish, walking around and making new holes in the ice.
Anglers often have trout, salmon, bass and catfish included in their catches.
Anglers often marginalize the risk of thunderheads.
Anglers often mistake coastal cutthroats for rainbow trout.
Anglers often mistake slow periods as non-feeding times.
Anglers often refer to it as the musky.
Anglers often refer to the red wormlike larvae as blood worms or blood midges.
Anglers often see adult tarpon rolling in well oxygenated habitats, such as passes and in harbors.
Anglers often spot wildlife, deer, bear and wild turkey.
Anglers often state that they are conservationists.
Anglers often use a shock leader in the intrest of safety.
Anglers often use cast nets to target small striped mullets for use as live bait.
Anglers often use creek chubs for bait.
Anglers often use sinkers and jigs containing lead.
Anglers often use wire leaders to prevent the sharp teeth of the bluefish from cutting their lines.
Anglers sometimes describe trolling as a boat ride occasionally interrupted by a fish.
Anglers sometimes opt to head out before daylight to fish for tarpon and return for breakfast.
Anglers sometimes refer to yellow perch as jumbo perch or jack perch.
Anglers usually have the best luck fishing during the daytime.
Anglers usually have their best luck on the outgoing tide.
Anglers usually speak to each other only to borrow equipment and trade bait and lures.
Anglers usually use live shad and jigging spoons to catch hybrids and schooling sand bass.
All anglers are statutory required to posses a National Rod Fishing Licence .
All anglers are welcome.
All anglers have some great days about which they enjoy reminiscing.
All anglers have their favorite fishing holes.
All anglers like to tell good fish stories.
All anglers share a deep concern over the recent discovery of lake trout in Yellowstone Lake.
All anglers travel to the grounds in a dry, comfortable cabin.
Any angler can name the classic trout waters.
Any angler can name the nation's top trout waters.
Any angler is eligible regardless of age.
Every angler knows what attracts fish, vibrations, color, movement, smoke, eyes and presentation .
Every angler practically has a favorite color or pattern that they like to use.
Many anglers also prefer short-shank, single hooks instead of trebles on their plugs.
Many anglers also wear a heavy parka for added warmth and as a barrier against the wind.
Many anglers are inclined to reel faster and pull harder than normal when they get a big bass on.
Many anglers believe bass are willing to move farther from cover at night.
Many anglers believe bigger trout swim here.
Many anglers carry cell phones and some public accesses have pay phones nearby.
Many anglers choose to float the river in canoes or johnboats.
Many anglers combine fishing with guided or unguided rafting trips along the major waterways.
Many anglers come to the lake for ice fishing.
Many anglers complain about the small size of crappies and request a ten inch size limit.
Many anglers consider smallmouth bass one of the sportiest fish in North America for good reason.
Many anglers consider the snook to be the top inshore gamefish.
Many anglers don t like to fish midges.
Many anglers dream of owning a tournament bass boat but are deterred by high sticker prices.
Many anglers drift with the current over scattered reef.
Many anglers favor ease of use over specific attributes.
Many anglers fish for cod on offshore grounds in private or party boats.
Many anglers fish from the bank at the campground, while others wade or use float tubes.
Many anglers fish glo-bugs or other egg imitations during the spawn.
Many anglers fish lakes and ignore the productive water of the creeks.
Many anglers gather worms in a lawn after a rain or late at night with a flashlight.
Many anglers have better results with higher speeds and sometimes with trolling upstream.
Many anglers head to the water and cast a line in hopes of catching a fish.
Many anglers hike along the stream bank and find access to many productive holes and runs.
Many anglers hook baitfish through the lower lip and out the upper lip.
Many anglers just cruise by, casually flipping spinners and worms in a variable manner.
Many anglers keep, cook and eat their catches.
Many anglers lift the fish out of the water.
Many anglers like to attach trailer baits to skirted spinnerbaits.
Many anglers like to catch panfish, catfish, pickerel, and other species.
Many anglers like to fish from boats, due to better access.
Many anglers like to use bait, such as shrimp and squid, though it is harder for paddlers to keep.
Many anglers like to use live bait when fishing for Erie walleyes as well.
Many anglers make the mistake of anchoring the boat directly on top of the patch reef.
Many anglers miss a lot of fish because they only fish the downstream sides.
Many anglers only learn about small fish as bait.
Many anglers only use two retrieves when jig fishing.
Many anglers overlook fishing larvae imitations, which can be a huge mistake.
Many anglers prefer a strong incoming tide that pushes salty water into coves.
Many anglers prefer dacron lines for deep water angling because they stretch less than monofilament.
Many anglers prefer to organize their tackle into special lots in smaller boxes.
Many anglers prefer to tip their jigs with a grub or small minnow.
Many anglers pursue striped bass and bluefish from shore while others take to the water in boats.
Many anglers report hookups that number in the double digits.
Many anglers return year after year to experience all that our beautiful island has to offer.
Many anglers say the best walleye fishing is at night.
Many anglers see no sense in catching just for fun a fish that often fights like a soggy towel.
Many anglers see no sense in catching walleyes just for fun.
Many anglers simply replace the small treble with a larger treble.
Many anglers stay in Durango and drive two hours each way.
Many anglers still seem complacent about the real threats to their sport.
Many anglers think of rocks, sand, drop-offs, and deep water when walleye fishing.
Many anglers think that fishing flies in the surface is a early morning or evening show.
Many anglers tie a given knot correctly only to lose it when cinching the knot tight.
Many anglers troll in some of the upper river's broad, deep pools.
Many anglers try to ensure the bait stays straight once it is Texas-rigged.
Many anglers try to fish all three tournaments.
Many anglers turn their attention to white bass, a slightly less popular but very challenging fish.
Many anglers use both styles depending on what's happening and what suits the fish at the time.
Many anglers use charter operators to access marine fisheries.
Many anglers use several different methods and lures to fish suspended bass.
Many anglers use waders, float tubes or canoes to expand their opportunities to catch a trout.
Many anglers view special fishing regulations as a panacea for restoring angling quality.
More anglers appear to be converting to fishing live bait over artificial.
More anglers pursue it there than any other species.
More anglers seek the spotted seatrout than any other saltwater species in Florida.
Most anglers agree that by watching their rod tip, they can tell just how fast to run their boat.
Most anglers agree that crankbaits catch larger fish.
Most anglers are after the blue, channel, and flathead catfish.
Most anglers are aware of fish advisories.
Most anglers are aware that some species can be more difficult to catch than others.
Most anglers are into catching the more glamorous game fish, like trout, bass and walleyes.
Most anglers are very conscientious about nature, killing only the fish that are going to be eaten.
Most anglers are within a short drive of some type of specially regulated area.
Most anglers blindly use barbed hooks, and think fishing with barbs is the only way to go.
Most anglers bring a step ladder to stand on.
Most anglers catch fish.
Most anglers catch paddlefish by snagging.
Most anglers consider spinnerbaits to be shallow-water lures.
Most anglers employ a yo-yo motion off bottom, and sometimes that works even better.
Most anglers enjoy buying and using the high quality products available from lure manufacturers.
Most anglers feel the same.
Most anglers find casting plugs, spinners and spoons most effective.
Most anglers fish that setup under a strike indicator.
Most anglers fly to Nassau where they connect with local island charter flight service.
Most anglers have harvest.
Most anglers have preference.
Most anglers have teeth.
Most anglers have their own preferences for rods and lines for river trout fishing.
Most anglers have to fight the desire to overload their bait tank.
Most anglers hold off the end of a fallen tree, quickly hitting the trunk and the largest limbs.
Most anglers hook a leech around the large disc area.
Most anglers just stay in the boat and drift the reefs.
Most anglers keep a dry set of clothes in their vehicles in case they get wet.
Most anglers know about the primary hole.
Most anglers know there is a moon.
Most anglers only see their backing when they wind it on to the reel.
Most anglers opt for a plastic or aluminum box that is water and weather resistant.
Most anglers pay attention to rising or falling water temperature, nothing wrong with that.
Most anglers practice catch and release.
Most anglers prefer an egg loop tied to the hook.
Most anglers prefer night during summer when days are warmer.
Most anglers prefer stand up tackle when pursuing mahi mahi.
Most anglers prefer to fish when the weather is warm.
Most anglers prefer to use bait or spin-casting gear.
Most anglers put more time and effort into maintaining their trucks than their fishing reels.
Most anglers quit before catching their limits because of the cool, wet, windy weather.
Most anglers respect the environment and abide by the rules.
Most anglers simply drift with the tide over the bar, floating live croakers behind the boat.
Most anglers simply shuffle their feet to avoid stingrays.
Most anglers start with two poles.
Most anglers target the north end of the lake since it has better fish holding structure.
Most anglers tend to hook their deadbaits tail-up.
Most anglers tend to master the slight tug only in the rearward direction.
Most anglers there use bait.
Most anglers therefore rely on imitative patterns.
Most anglers think a bait is hot if it catches numerous fish or a big fish.
Most anglers troll the weedlines until spotting the first school of chicken dolphin.
Most anglers try for bluegill and other small panfish.
Most anglers use bait.
Most anglers use canoes or small aluminum boats.
Most anglers use either regular monofilament line or leadcore.
Most anglers use flat-bottom boats, to navigate the sand bars and river rocks.
Most anglers use heavy spoons which they cast out and reel back quickly.
Most anglers use live bait.
Most anglers use live worms as bait.
Most anglers use nylon mono-filament for salmon fishing.
Most anglers use the very lightest tackle they can find.
Most anglers use traditional surf fishing tackle.
Most anglers wait for fish.
Most anglers watch fish.
Some angler say that suckers are bad for any Lake Trout lake.
Some anglers add a strand of white or chartreuse yarn to the hook for added attraction.
Some anglers add cornmeal and fruit jam to the dough balls.
Some anglers add the lure under a bobber.
Some anglers also coat sinkers with a layer of black paint to further deter unwanted bites.
Some anglers also know that striped bass feed on baby flounder.
Some anglers are excited by the chance of a huge trophy.
Some anglers are housewives.
Some anglers are suspicious.
Some anglers believe fishing for sharks at night is better than in the day.
Some anglers catch salmon.
Some anglers choose to troll super slow while others combine trolling with mooching.
Some anglers consider a good fight the best part of fishing.
Some anglers consider the pallid sturgeon one of America's premier game fish.
Some anglers enjoy getting right into the thick of it, fishing the marshy waters in waders.
Some anglers enjoy halibut fishing so much they book a charter trip for several days.
Some anglers even go as far as to provoke the brown fish to come out of the rocks.
Some anglers favor one style of hair while others like to use another type.
Some anglers fear the netters kill bass.
Some anglers find that matching the colour of cut-bait holder and flasher to be the most effective.
Some anglers fish here at night for stripers, trout, and blues with lures.
Some anglers fish into nighttime.
Some anglers have good luck with marshmallows, which sink slowly and stay up off the bottom.
Some anglers have good luck with mud minnows and shrimp.
Some anglers have success.
Some anglers like to experiment by adding their secret flavorings to the dough.
Some anglers like to fish the suds with lures for stripers.
Some anglers like to let the shark eat the bait for a while.
Some anglers like to lift the rod nearly overhead, then drop the rod tip all the way to water level.
Some anglers like to preserve their catch with a taxidermy mount for their living room wall.
Some anglers like to use a garlic marshmallow bait and worm combination on a slip-sinker rig.
Some anglers like to use live bait.
Some anglers practice catch and release.
Some anglers prefer a slip sinker rig when using live shrimp or baitfish.
Some anglers prefer a wool stocking cap, while others favor either fleece or synthetics.
Some anglers prefer bottom bouncers with a nightcrawler attached.
Some anglers prefer to fish on the incoming tide and others on the outgoing tide.
Some anglers prefer to glue the tag to their box or to the straps.
Some anglers prefer to troll live bait near grassy edges for bass.
Some anglers prefer to wear dark, lightweight pants for wading.
Some anglers prefer using their own weight system.
Some anglers prefer very small dabs so they can be chewed on, bones and all.
Some anglers prowl the shallows for diversion, others for bait.
Some anglers recommend using fillets from the dark side first.
Some anglers release fish.
Some anglers report catching a few catfish after dark using a variety of baits.
Some anglers say the best fishing seems to be at the ends of the lake, and near the shore.
Some anglers say the deeper the water, the heavier the jig.
Some anglers spend many days trying to catch a trophy.
Some anglers spend more time money moving around and less time having good fishing.
Some anglers spincast with lures from shore, but trolling brings the greatest success.
Some anglers still find many bass lying lazily near shore grass to snack on shad minnows.
Some anglers stubbornly stick with a favorite bait, even after going hours without a strike.
Some anglers swear by live eels and they do work well.
Some anglers there suspect a connection.
Some anglers think a five-pound channel is a marvel of nature.
Some anglers think spincasting tackle is kid stuff, but they're dead wrong.
Some anglers tie brightly colored flags to their anchor ropes to attract perch.
Some anglers tip their bait with a piece of bloodworm for the sea trout.
Some anglers travel thousands of miles and spend big money to catch a world record fish.
Some anglers use a cotton glove on their hand when tailing a fish.
Some anglers use a third fly.
Some anglers use barbless hooks, or crimp the barbs down with pliers.
Some anglers use cigar boxes, or sewing boxes, or even their hats to store their tackle.
Some anglers use downriggers to control the fishing depth, or to slow troll bait or lures.
Some anglers use lead-weighted hooks, called jigs.
Some anglers use light-wire hooks.
Some anglers use monofilament, which is perfectly fine.
Some anglers use push poles if water depth permits.
Some anglers use small fish as live bait for larger predatory fish.
Some anglers use small orthodontic rubber bands to hold the baitwrapper in place.
Some anglers use stoves and heaters in their shanty to keep warm.
Some anglers use strike indicators.
Some anglers use tiny spinner blades and beads on their hooks to serve as additional attractors.
Some anglers use two electrics in serious fish-chasing situations, and a few even use four.
Some anglers wait until tournament time before bearing down and getting serious about the issue.
Anglerfish have (part) brains.
Anglerfish have (part) breasts.
Anglerfish have (part) cell membranes.
Anglerfish have (part) chest cavities.
Anglerfish have (part) chests.
Anglerfish have (part) corpi.
Anglerfish have (part) cytoplasm.
Anglerfish have (part) ears.
Anglerfish have (part) faces.
Anglerfish have (part) fish scales.
Anglerfish have (part) fishbones.
Anglerfish have (part) flippers.
Anglerfish have (part) heads.
Anglerfish have (part) nuclei.
Anglerfish have (part) pedal extremities.
Anglerfish have (part) plasma membranes.
Anglerfish have (part) rib cages.
Anglerfish have (part) sections.
Anglerfish have (part) skulls.
Anglerfish have (part) sperm.
Anglerfish have (part) sterna.
Anglerfish have (part) tail fins.
Anglerfish have (part) vacuoles.
Anglerfish have (part) vertebrate feet.
Anglerfish have (part) yolks.
Anglerfish have appearances.
Anglerfish have fins.
Anglerfish have tips.
Anglerfish isa fish.
Anglerfish kill prey.
Anglerfish live in deep water.
Anglerfish live in shallow water.
Anglerfish live in water.
Anglerfish swallow prey.
Most anglerfishes live near the sea bottom.
Some anglerfish have aquaria.
Some anglerfish have gallon aquaria.
Angleworm is a synonym of earthworm.
Angleworm isa worm.
Angleworms have (part) brains.
Angleworms have (part) cell membranes.
Angleworms have (part) cells.
Angleworms have (part) corpi.
Angleworms have (part) cytoplasm.
Angleworms have (part) ears.
Angleworms have (part) faces.
Angleworms have (part) heads.
Angleworms have (part) nuclei.
Angleworms have (part) plasma membranes.
Angleworms have (part) sections.
Angleworms have (part) skulls.
Angleworms have (part) vacuoles.
Anglian profits take a dip, click above to find out why.
Most Anglican dioceses choose to elect someone from outside as their bishop.
Some Anglican dioceses face damages claims totalling billions of dollars.
Anglican ministers can wear a wide variety of special clothes.
Anglican people is recognised around Australia.
Anglican polity is violated when a bishop enters a diocese without permission.
Anglican priests are ordained by their bishop.
All Anglican services have their roots in the old catholic liturgy.
Anglican spirituality is at once mystical, communal and intellectual.
Anglican theology is rooted in the Bible .
Anglican worship is liturgical .
Anglican worship is much more than a performance to be observed or listened to.
Angling are fishing.
Anglo law is built on authority, rank, obedience in the face of punishment.
Anglo respondents provide positive ratings with respect to bilingual education.
An anglophile is an advocate
Anglophiles love such as tea, pub items and even small sculptures of famous English buildings.
Anglophone politicians are dead in Quebec.
Angola has (part) Angolan capital.
Angola is part of Africa.
Angola isa thing.
Angolan government focuses on infrastructures.
Angolan government makes effort.
Most angolan government focuses on infrastructures.
Most angolan government makes effort.
Angolan women play roles.
Angolan has (part) arms.
Angolan has (part) body substances.
Angolan has (part) cell membranes.
Angolan has (part) cells.
Angolan has (part) corpi.
Angolan has (part) cytoplasm.
Angolan has (part) heads.
Angolan has (part) human bodies.
Angolan has (part) legs.
Angolan has (part) material bodies.
Angolan has (part) necks.
Angolan has (part) nuclei.
Angolan has (part) personality.
Angolan has (part) plasma membranes.
Angolan has (part) sections.
Angolan has (part) vacuoles.
Angolan isa individual.
Angolan isa person.
Angolan isa somebody.
Angolan isa someone.
Angostura bitters Stir the gin and bitters in a glass with ice cubes until well chilled.
Angostura bitters Stir with ice in shaker and strain into cocktail glass.
Angry accusations are self-defeating.
Angry analyst unleashes wrath on the PC sector.
Angry boss equals failure.
Angry callers are a staple of being in the opinion business.
Angry cannibals strike for longer lunches.
Angry children feel shame about being weak inside and turn around and victimize others.
Angry citizens find government a large, enticing target for their frustrations.
Angry citizens mete out their own justice.
More angry comments tumble in.
All angry customers have a story about why they became angry.
Angry demonstrations are a French tradition.
Angry demonstrations spread all over occupied Palestine in commemoration of the catastrophe.
Angry demonstrators fill council chambers.
Angry denunciation ends only in a flare-up.
Angry dialogue gets nowhere in the long run.
Angry doctors say they've heard government promises for too long, with no solutions in sight.
Angry drivers engage in motorized terrorism.
Angry drivers experiencing what has come to be known as road rage seem to be on the increase.
Most angry episodes take place in a social context.
Some angry experts suggest a tax on people educated here but going to work abroad.
Angry feelings are a normal, inevitable part of life.
Angry feelings are normal.
Angry feelings are part of being a human being.
Angry feelings depend on one's perception of the situation.
Angry funerals take place every day in the West Bank and Gaza.
Angry girls exhibit rage by harming themselves.
Angry guns preach a gospel full of hate - Blood of the innocent, is on their hands.
Angry horns sound in traffic jams.
Angry individuals vary in their degree of sociopathy.
Angry invective is deleted cheerfully.
Angry investors demand that guilty heads roll.
Angry kids are often jealous kids.
Angry kids tend to be self-centered.
Angry letters are written by women.
Most angry letters are written by women.
Angry llamas are known to spit, but they are capable of much worse.
Angry men come to the courtyard.
Angry misogynists take to the streets and start protesting the results.
Angry mobs are in the streets.
Angry moms unite here .
Angry nails crucify one text, while another is seen as a window into the starry universe itself.
Angry neighbors cause business problems, as well as social ones.
Angry outbursts are a way that many people vent frustration.
Angry outbursts can follow.
Angry Parents can learn to think even when angry and teach their children by example.
Angry passengers burn train over delay.
Angry peasants fight with twice the attack value of regular peasants.
Angry People are a group committed to spreading the ideas of revolutionary class struggle.
Angry people are angry because life stinks.
Angry people are just less likely to vent than are victim people.
Angry people are often fiercely resistant to anger treatment.
Angry people are quick to take offense, to use strong language or to shout at others.
Angry people are usually least merciful.
Angry people are very good at personalizing stuff.
Angry people gesture instead of honking.
Angry people have a chance to get in quickly.
Angry people have a greater risk for heart attacks.
Angry people have higher death rates from nearly every cause.
Angry people have more health problems.
Angry people prey upon the overly kind.
Angry people revolt against bad gods.
Angry people sue people.
Angry people tend to forget that other people are worthy of consideration too.
Angry people tend to go around spraying their anger on other people.
Angry people tend to react quickly to a situation, which usually leads to an over reaction.
Angry people use blaming and justice like drug addicts use their favorite drug.
Angry people write far more often than people who are happy.
Many angry people get angrier if their partner gets sick.
Most angry people have no idea that their angry spray stings others like hydrochloric acid.
Every angry person feels righteous.
Angry protesters ambush a ship and prevent it from leaving Vancouver.
Angry readers lash out at credit-card companies.
Angry shouts fill the air.
Angry student goes postal.
Angry students equal non-productive students.
Many angry survivors find solace in civil, criminal, or university prosecution.
Angry taxpayers mean angry congressmen.
Angry teachers stand up and clap their hands angrily.
Angry turkey sounds.
Angry users win fight over intellectual property rights of their home pages.
Angry victims are the ultimate silent majority.
Angry voices fill the room.
Angry voices move from the wall into our room.
Some angry voices rise above the rest, distinguished by sheer vituperation and rhetorical violence.
Angry warriors are on that island.
Angry whites remove black students from counters, and five blacks are arrested.
Angry whitecaps scour the beach and foam among the driftwood dams.
Angry winds rise and the ocean begins to buck and heave.
Angry women are shrews, scolds, nags, and hags.
Angry women scheme, plot, connive, and manipulate behind each other's back.
Angry words are like irretrievable arrows released from an archer's bow.
Angry words are still in the air.
Angry words can cause serious damage.
Angry words can destroy relationships and cause others to abandon their faith.
Angry words can kill another person's spirit .
Angry words can wound with insult.
Angry words turn into gunshots when a gun is available.
An angst is anxiety
More angst is generated by the beginning screenwriter about format than any other topic.
An angstrom is a linear measure
An angstrom is a metric
Angstroms are the interatomic distances which correspond to the magnitude of sublattice vectors.
Angstroms are the length scale of atomic physics.
Angstroms are used most often to measure the wave length of light waves.
Angstroms can demonstrate the youth of low-mass stars.
Anguid lizards are confined to it.
Anguished parents search for their children, while the injured are rushed to hospitals.
Angular acceleration is a change in angular velocity.
Angular acceleration is acceleration
Angular acceleration is how fast the angular velocity is changing.
Angular aggregate particles with a rough surface result in pavements with high stability.
Angular brackets are discovered.
Angular branches form a ghostly lattice against a sky the color of milk.
Angular cheilitis involves fissuring and cracking at the corners of mouth.
Angular clothing tends to impose itself on the body.
Angular design is great for touch-ups and applying Sparklers directly from the jar.
Angular design is great for touch-ups and for applying Sparklers directly from the jar.
Angular design makes a bold visual statement, while providing exceptional comfort.
Angular discordance decreases towards the centre of the basin.
Angular displacement is determined by integrating the angular velocity values.
Angular displacement is evidently a scalar quantity since one number completely defines it.
Angular distribution is still incomplete.
Angular frequency is given by Magnetic force on a straight current carrying wire .
Angular frequency is the magnitude of the vector quantity 'angular velocity'.
Angular grains are usually the result of mechanical weathering like frost wedging.
Angular grains show often cataclasis and fissures.
Angular men sit and admire a pelican.
Angular momentum changes distribution during the dive, but the total angular remains constant.
Angular momentum changes with the mass and shape of the object , and with how fast it is turning .
Angular momentum changes with the mass and shape of the object, and with how fast it is turning.
Angular momentum continues without additional segmentation at the hip joint.
Angular momentum equals the product of mass, velocity, and orbital radius.
Angular momentum is a measure of the momentum of an object that is spinning.
Angular momentum is a property of any spinning mass.
Angular momentum is a twist on momentum - the cross product of the radius vector and momentum.
Angular momentum is a vector quantity, i.e it has magnitude and direction.
Angular momentum is calculated by multiplying the rotation speed by the size of the object.
Angular momentum is characterized by both size and direction.
Angular momentum is conserved as rotation rate increases and moment of inertia decreases.
Angular momentum is conserved if no net torque acts on a system.
Angular momentum is conserved in the absence of external torques.
Angular momentum is conserved in the static frame.
Angular momentum is conserved when no outside torques act on an object.
Angular momentum is defined as .
Angular momentum is defined for any motion.
Angular momentum is momentum
Angular momentum is momentum.
Angular momentum is quantized, that is it is always an integer multiple of .
Angular momentum is the momentum associated with rotation or revolution.
Angular momentum is the product of rotational inertia and angular velocity.
Angular momentum is the product of two quantities known as angular velocity and moment of inertia .
Angular momentum is the rotational inertia times the angular velocity.
Angular momentum keeps it moving.
Angular momentum measures an object's tendency to continue to spin.
Angular momentum plays a critical role in defining the shape of the nebular disk around a protostar.
Angular momentum remains the same.
Angular motion is a term used interchangeably with rotational motion.
Any angular movement causes fluids in the canals to send signals to the brain.
Angular nodes mean the energy is stored in rotation of the electron around the nucleus.
Angular particles have angles.
Most angular particles have angles.
An angular position is a position
Angular position is obtained integrating the velocity measurements.
Angular resolution depends only on the diameter of the telescope and is independent of wavelength.
Angular rocks shoulder away the waves as they rush at the cliff face.
Angular shots accentuate their strangeness.
Angular sizes can vary greatly depending on the object.
Angular speed is limited, but the large player character remains.
Angular speed is the measure of how quickly an object is turning.
Angular stomatitis can result from eating the fruit.
Angular terms appear necessary to construct a realistic model.
All angular values are in the current angle unit.
Some angular variation plays roles.
An angular velocity is speed
Angular velocities are speed.
Angular velocity is a combination of angular speed and the direction of the rotation.
Angular velocity is a vector quantity.
Angular velocity is basically how fast an object spins around a pivotal point.
Angular velocity is important to the microgravity people.
Angular velocity is measured in units of cycles per second.
Angular velocity is taken into account as well.
Angular velocity is the same for both the inside and outside radius gears.
Angular velocity varies inside the Sun in a complicated fashion.
Angular writers are intellectual, practical and logical.
Angwantibo isa lemur.
Angwantibos have (part) brains.
Angwantibos have (part) breasts.
Angwantibos have (part) cell membranes.
Angwantibos have (part) cells.
Angwantibos have (part) chest cavities.
Angwantibos have (part) chests.
Angwantibos have (part) corpi.
Angwantibos have (part) cytoplasm.
Angwantibos have (part) ears.
Angwantibos have (part) faces.
Angwantibos have (part) heads.
Angwantibos have (part) nuclei.
Angwantibos have (part) pedal extremities.
Angwantibos have (part) piluses.
Angwantibos have (part) plasma membranes.
Angwantibos have (part) rib cages.
Angwantibos have (part) sections.
Angwantibos have (part) skulls.
Angwantibos have (part) sterna.
Angwantibos have (part) vacuoles.
Angwantibos have (part) vertebrate feet.
Angwantibos roll up into balls.
Some angwantibos are classified as concern.
Some angwantibos feed on insects.
Some angwantibos hang from branches.
Some angwantibos have distribution.
Some angwantibos have ranges.
Some angwantibos have stumpy tails.
Some angwantibos have tails.
An anhedonia is a mental condition
Anhedonia is a complete inability to experience pleasure or enjoyment.
Anhedonia is the loss of interest in and withdrawal from regular and pleasurable activities.
Anhedonia makes much more sense in the context of depression.
Anhedonia means a lack of pleasure in all or most activities.
Anhedonia seems pretty severe, but it covers it.
Anhedonias are diseases.
ANHS members get many benefits, plus they enjoy the support of like-minded friends.
An anhydride is a compound
Anhydrides are chemicals which are insoluble in water but they can react with it to form an acid.
Anhydrides are compounds.
Anhydrides are substances that have had water removed.
Anhydrides undergo nucleophilic acyl substitution reactions with a variety of nucleophiles.
An anhydrosis is a condition
Anhydrosis affects the ipsilateral side of the body with central, first-order neuron lesions.
Anhydrosis is the inability of a horse to produce normal amounts of sweat.
Anhydrous ammonia can be dangerous to use.
Anhydrous ammonia can cause devastating eye burns.
Anhydrous ammonia can cause severe burns upon contact.
Anhydrous ammonia can severely dessicate corn leaves.
Anhydrous ammonia causes severe burns when it comes in contact with skin.
Anhydrous ammonia comes out of nurse tanks as a combination of vapor and liquid.
Anhydrous ammonia freezes on contact at room temperature.
Anhydrous ammonia is a chemical used in the production of methamphetamine.
Anhydrous ammonia is a colorless gas or liquid chemical which is highly toxic to human beings.
Anhydrous ammonia is a colorless gas with a distinctive odor.
Anhydrous ammonia is a common liquid fertilizer often used on cotton.
Anhydrous ammonia is a high-pressure liquid that becomes a gas at atmospheric pressure.
Anhydrous ammonia is a hydroscopic compound, which means it seeks out moisture.
Anhydrous ammonia is a hydroscopic compound.
Anhydrous ammonia is a nitrogen liberating fertilizer.
Anhydrous ammonia is a strong alkali that can cause painful skin burns.
Anhydrous ammonia is a toxic gas.
Anhydrous ammonia is added shortly thereafter, producing chloramine.
Anhydrous ammonia is also corrosive and can burn the skin and eyes.
Anhydrous ammonia is also potentially toxic to workers and corrodes silage-handling equipment.
Anhydrous ammonia is ammonia.
Anhydrous ammonia is an effective preservative for grasses.
Anhydrous ammonia is an extremely dangerous agricultural product.
Anhydrous ammonia is an extremely hazardous substance used in refrigeration systems.
Anhydrous ammonia is an important source of nitrogen fertilizer for crops.
Anhydrous ammonia is applied at the rate of sixty pounds per ton.
Anhydrous ammonia is both a fertilizer and feedstock for production of other nitrogen products.
Anhydrous ammonia is both dangerous and inexpensive.
Anhydrous ammonia is caustic, and therefore also can burn.
Anhydrous ammonia is colorless, liquefied gas under pressure.
Anhydrous ammonia is combined with oxygen, in the presence of a catalyst, to make nitrous oxide.
Anhydrous ammonia is dry or pure undiluted ammonia.
Anhydrous ammonia is one of several nitrogen fertilizer products.
Anhydrous ammonia is one of the ingredients used to make methamphetamine.
Anhydrous ammonia is one of the most widely used sources of nitrogen.
Anhydrous ammonia is one of the oldest commercial refrigerants known.
Anhydrous ammonia is pure substances.
Anhydrous ammonia is stored and transported in the liquid form in pressurized containers.
Anhydrous ammonia is the form used primarily in refrigeration and agriculture.
Anhydrous ammonia is the most intense.
Anhydrous ammonia is the most widely used source of N for direct application in the United States.
Anhydrous ammonia is the source of nearly all nitrogen fertilizer made in the United States.
Anhydrous ammonia is used as an agricultural fertilizer and industrial refrigerant.
Anhydrous ammonia is used widely and in large quantities for a variety of purposes.
Anhydrous ammonia is very effective.
Some anhydrous ammonia comes up river on pressurized barges.
Anhydrous hydrazine is a strong reducing agent.
Anhydrous hydrazine is available in monopropellant and standard grades.
Anhydrous lanolin can help in some patients.
Anhydrous lanolin is commonplace in both the cosmetics and pharmaceutical industries.
Anhydrous theophylline is one of the best studied of any type of drug used to manage asthma.
An ani is a cuckoo
Anis have communal nests, and adolescents help their parents raise the babies.
Aniakchak caldera is the largest along the Alaskan Peninsula.
Aniamal sex is sick.
Anicteric cases are also very common.
Anicteric infection is typical in young children and infants.
Anicteric infections are common in young children.
Anicteric leptospirosis is the more common and milder form, and often is biphasic.
An anil is a bush
Anil is a world class sail boarder and likes to ski and snow board.
Anil is back up and running live.
Anil understands the key elements needed to further our goal of humanizing the digital revolution.
Anils are dye.
Anils are indigos.
Aniline blue is the stain which gives the quickest results.
Aniline compounds are well-documented human poisons.
Aniline leathers are buttery soft and feel luxurious.
Aniline leathers are especially sensitive to sunlight.
Aniline leathers require no more work, and are now taken to the warehouse.
An aniline is paraffin
Aniline can evaporate when exposed to air.
Aniline ionizes as follows.
Aniline is a catalyst in the reaction.
Aniline is a dyestuff with which materials such as leather and fabrics are dyed with.
Aniline is a major metabolite.
Aniline is a raw material used in the production of sulfanilic acid.
Aniline is a transparent, aggressive dyestuff which dyes the leather and fabrics completely through.
Aniline is a transparent, aggressive dyestuff which dyes the leather or fabric completely through.
Aniline is an oily, colorless, toxic liquid, which darkens upon exposure to air.
Aniline is an organic chemical compound produced in two stages from benzene .
Aniline is an organic chemical compound produced in two stages from benzene.
Aniline is insoluble in water but soluble in dilute HCl.
Aniline is leather that has been dyed all the way through.
Aniline is manufactured by subsequent nitration and reduction of benzene.
Aniline is moderately toxic via inhalation and ingestion.
Aniline is poorly soluble in water.
Anilines are also compatible with the nitrocellulose lacquer used for clear coating.
Anilines are amine.
Anilines are bases.
Anilines are chemical compounds.
Anilines are prone to bleeding up through the finish and to fading in UV light.
Anilines give a brown or green color, but other aromatic amines produce a blue-purple color.
Most aniline is produced through the hydrogenation of nitrobenzene.
Animal abuse can also mean that child abuse is already occurring.
Animal abuse can promote violence to humans.
Animal abuse is a horrific act of violence and very common.
Animal abuse is a safer form of violent behavioral release.
Animal abuse is a serious problem in today's society and the issue continues to worsen.
Animal abuse is against the law in Arizona.
Animal abuse is everyone's problem.
Animal abuse is frequently a first step towards future criminality.
Animal abuse is just one the problems facing the United States.
Animal abuse is totally inexcusable.
Animal abuse is, from the Bible s viewpoint, an abomination.
Animal advocates come to aid of baby elephants.
Animal advocates say it's a myth that farmers or rural residents welcome strays.
Animal advocates suggest having an emergency plan for boarding the animals.
Animal advocates take issue with cat liberators .
Animal agriculture contributes a great deal of revenue to Rowan County.
Animal agriculture does suck resources.
Animal agriculture faces many new challenges.
Animal agriculture is a chief contributor to water pollution.
Animal agriculture is a living business.
Animal agriculture is a primary source of water pollution as well.
Animal agriculture is a very important part of North Dakota s agricultural economy.
Animal agriculture is also a major cause of global warming.
Animal agriculture is also responsible for a variety of environmental health problems.
Animal agriculture is an important part of the economy of Oregon and the nation.
Animal agriculture is deeply interwoven with plants in the food production system.
Animal agriculture is exempt from the Animal Welfare Act and most state anti-cruelty laws.
Animal agriculture is intensive in many areas resulting in erosion and over grazing.
Animal agriculture is terribly inefficient.
Animal agriculture is vitally important to human health.
Animal agriculture provides much more than nourishment.
Animal agriculture uses precious resources in other ways as well.
Animal agriculture wastes our food resources.
Animal anatomy is very different.
Animal art heightens our understanding of nature.
Animal attacks terrorize a community.
Animal awareness helps.
All animal bedding is placed in specially provided yellow waste containers lined with plastic bags.
Animal behavior affects plant reproduction.
Animal behavior affects reproduction.
Animal behavior can come in the form of instincts and learned behavior.
Animal behavior deals with behavior, causes, and contributing factors that influence it.
Animal behavior deals with behavior, causes, and the contributing factors that influence it.
Animal behavior defies our imagination.
Animal behavior includes the actions and reactions of animals to external stimuli.
Animal behavior is a specialized field of scientific study.
Animal behavior is any way that animals act.
Animal behavior is basic and easy to understand.
Animal behavior is basic and very easy to understand.
Animal behavior is driven far more by instinct that is that of humans.
Animal behavior is more than a science, it is a way of thinking and feeling.
Animal behavior is nothing new to horse people.
Animal behavior is sometimes very hard to interpret.
Animal behavior is subject to the same pressures of natural selection as other animal traits.
Animal behavior is the responses of animals to internal and external stimuli.
Animal behavior is the scientific study of everything animals do.
Animal behavior is unpredictable, which makes it a perfect vehicle for humor.
Animal behavior is unpredictable.
Animal behavior is what animals do or avoid doing.
Animal behavior processes.
Animal behaviors are usually strategies for survival.
Animal behaviors can be adaptations too.
Many animal behaviors change at certain times of day, day after day.
Many animal behaviors change in a regular way.
Many animal behaviors occur in a regular cycle.
Many animal behaviors occur in cycles that repeat daily or yearly.
Most animal behavior affects plant reproduction.
Most animal behavior affects reproduction.
Most animal behaviors are controlled by both genes and experiences in a given environment.
Some animal behaviors are influenced by environmental conditions.
Animal behaviorists agree that a water spray bottle is a safe, effective means of disciplining cats.
Animal behaviorists are very concerned with the ethical treatment of the animals they study.
Animal behaviorists know that every species is predisposed to certain kinds of social interaction.
Animal behaviorists say they stink the place up as a last resort in their self defense.
Animal behaviours are diverse and unique, including human behaviour.
Animal bites are also lacerations.
Animal bites are frequent injuries in children.
Animal bites are usually pretty clean.
Animal bites can be very dangerous.
Animal bites can be very serious and require extensive medical treatment.
Animal bites can occur on any dive or wilderness trip.
All animal bites are to be reported.
All animal bites require some level of treatment, depending on the nature and severity of the wound.
All animal bites require treatment based on the type and severity of the wound.
Animal bodies are constructed to com- pensate for the pull of gravity.
Animal bodies react differently than human bodies.
Animal body is spiritually distinct from human body.
Most animal bodies are made up of organized cells that are specialized to perform a specific task.
Animal bone is a combination of organic and mineral components.
Animal breeders use knowledge.
Animal breeding are animal husbandry.
Animal breeding is aimed at the genetic improvement of farm animals.
Animal breeding is another important part of the Mandara's lives.
Animal breeding is described in the Bible.
Animal cages are simple roofed cage blocks, each typically containing five contiguous cages.
All animal cages have identification cards that give pertinent information about the animal.
Animal carcasses disappear faster from riparian woodlands than from open grassland.
Animal carcasses float amidst debris, dotting roads and fields.
Animal carcasses provide a suitable place for the botulism bacteria to grow.
Animal carcasses provide food for and ruble provides shelter for rodents and other pests.
All animal carcasses are to be sealed in plastic bags or other suitable containers.
Animal care is a big business.
Animal care is a sensitive issue in the town.
Animal care is a whole lot more stringent than human care.
Animal care is available on the island.
Animal care is conducted by trained technicians and supervised by veterinarians regularly.
Animal care is monitored by a full-time animal care veterinarian and an animal care committee.
Animal care is responsible for all aspects of housing and husbandry.
Animal care leads to production.
Animal care starts in the hart.
Most animal care leads to production.
Animal caretakers work evenings.
Animal cartilage is the only dietary source of chondroitin.
Animal cells are a type of eukaryotic cell.
Animal cells are cells.
Animal cells are eukaryotic cells, or cells with a membrane-bound nucleus.
Animal cells are eukaryotic cells.
Animal cells are generally smaller than plant cells.
Animal cells are more oval-shaped, elongated.
Animal cells are organized into tissues, and are mostly dipoid.
Animal cells are similar to that of a plant cells with the presence of similar organelles.
Animal cells are smaller than plant cells.
Animal cells are soft and flexible and can change shape reversibly.
Animal cells bear the most similarity to marine protist cells, even though no fossil record.
Animal cells belong to the family of eukaryotic cell with the presence of membrane bound nucleus.
Animal cells can communicate by direct contact between membrane-bound cell surface molecules.
Animal cells come in a wide variety of shapes.
Animal cells divide by creating cleavage furrow.
Animal cells divide in two by pinching of the cytoplasm .
Animal cells have a centrosome that contains a pair of centrioles.
Animal cells have a pair of centrioles composed of microtubules.
Animal cells have a smaller central vacuole than plant cells and completely lack cell walls.
Animal cells have cell membranes rather than a cell wall and have no chloroplasts.
Animal cells have cell walls to maintain their shape.
Animal cells have centrioles that are used during cell division.
Animal cells have more than one vacuole.
Animal cells have no surrounding wall and are usually organized into multicellular tissues.
Animal cells have softer membranes than plants cells.
Animal cells induce their vegetal neighbors to form mesoderm.
Animal cells lack a cell wall, while plant cells have a cell wall.
Animal cells lack cell walls.
Animal cells lack cellulose walls and chlorophyll.
Animal cells lack the cell walls that provide support in the bodies of plants and fungi.
Animal cells lack the cellulose cells walls of plant cells.
Animal cells lack the rigid cell walls that characterize plant cells.
Animal cells produce an extracellular matrix.
Animal cells require oxygen to survive.
Animal cells secrete a lot of protein, while plant cells secrete mainly hydrocarbons.
Animal cells turn carbohydrates, water and oxygen into energy.
All animal cells are exactly the same shape.
Most animal cells have common features.
Some animal cells go into meiosis.
Animal character urinates on fire.
Animal chin is one of the best skateboarding videos even when compared to some of todays efforts.
Animal classification is based on a grouping of certain similar characteristics.
Animal cloning has many applications.
Animal cloning is a common practice.
Animal cloning is a lucrative business.
Animal cloning is a natural extension of the genetic engineering techniques now being developed.
Animal cloning is a reality today.
Animal cloning is already routine.
Animal cloning is extremely inefficient.
All animal cloning is unnatural.
Animal collars come with a D-ring for a leash.
Animal comfort is a primary concern in how experiments are conducted.
Animal communication is a signal
Animal communication is an essential component of interactions between individuals.
Animal communication is like computer instructions.
Animal communication is signals.
Animal communication provides evidence that some animals are aware of their own mental states.
Much animal communication is intraspecific, that is, it occurs between members of the same species.
Animal companions affect both the emotional and physical well being of their owners.
Animal companions affect both the emotional and physical well-being of their owners.
Animal companions affect the emotional and physical well-being of their owners.
Animal companions are spiritual creatures.
Animal companions weave themselves into the fabric of our daily lives.
Animal conservation is a stronger issue.
Animal control experts handle situations.
Animal control has to deal with unwanted animals, abuse cases, and stray animals of all kinds.
Animal control has to pickup animals that are hurt or dead on the road.
Animal control involves a combination of animal investigation, care and education.
Animal control is a difficult job in the best of times.
Animal control is a key issue as population density increases.
Animal control is also the agency that deals with vicious dog bites or attacks.
Animal control is an integral part of the police department's operation.
Animal control is handled by the sheriff's office.
Animal control is notified to pick up the dead animal.
Animal control is the next most important problem to growing healthy white pine.
Animal control protects people from animals.
Animal control solves animal-related problems for taxpayers and voters.
Animal control turns a stray into an animal shelter, or an owner turns in their dog to a shelter.
Some animal control calls end sadly.
Animal crackers are an invaluable teaching aid.
Animal crackers are favorites.
Animal crackers are the snack of choice.
Animal cruelty abounds.
Animal cruelty is a controversial issue.
Animal cruelty is a crime in all fifty states.
Animal cruelty is a third degree felony in Florida.
Animal cruelty is absolutely no joke, even in fun.
Animal cruelty is big business.
Animal cruelty is frequent and widespread.
Animal cruelty is harmeds.
Animal cruelty is no laughing matter.
Animal cruelty is now a misdemeanor.
Animal cruelty is punished according to the severity of the offense.
Animal cruelty is recognized as an indicator of other forms of violence.
All animal cruelty is a concern because it is wrong to cause another living creature to suffer.
Most animal culture appears to be much simpler.
Some animal damage can be very costly to remove.
Animal dander carries antigens that can cause allergic reactions in sensitive people.
Animal dander comes from having pets in the house.
Animal dander consists of tiny flakes of skin shed by animals.
Animal dander is a common allergen.
Animal dander is a different story.
Animal dander is a leading cause of allergy.
Animal dander is one of the leading causes of asthma.
Animal development is a remarkable feat of biological regulation.
An animal disease is a disease
Animal diseases are diseases.
Animal diseases can wipe out whole herds, with devastating consequences.
Many animal diseases are difficult to diagnose.
Many animal diseases cause great suffering and some kill animals by the million.
Many animal diseases cross over to humans.
Animal dissection is required.
Animal distribution is more uniform.
Animal dung is very beneficial for farmland.
Animal dung plays a very significant part in Indian villages as a fuel and in the fields.
Animal ecology is housed on the second floor, which is locked to the public.
Animal excrement is only one of the various materials that are used manurially.
Animal experiments can give dangerously misleading results that put human babies at risk.
Animal experiments harm humans as well as animals.
Animal experiments show an excellent biocompatibility of our coating.
Animal experiments show results.
Animal experiments suggest moderate systemic.
Many animal experiments utilize restraining devices, designed to prevent an animal from moving.
Most animal experiments show results.
Some animal experiments confirm injuries.
Some animal experiments shed light.
Animal experimentation is a delicate subject.
Animal experimentation is a huge industry.
Animal experimentation is often painful and has been known to cause death.
Animal experimentation is unnecessary, unethical, morally wrong and dangerous to humans.
Animal experimentation is unnecessary.
Animal experimentation is used in several areas of biomedical research and product testing.
Animal experimentation provides knowledge.
Animal experimentation provides physiological knowledge.
Animal experimentation rests on a logical contradiction.
Animal experimentation wastes time as well by leading researchers down blind alleys.
Most animal experimentation is carried on because the human life is held to be most precious.
Most animal experimentation provides knowledge.
Most animal experimentation provides physiological knowledge.
Animal eyes are very reflective and easy to spot at night.
Animal fabric dolls Our products produced from various color clothes and sand inside.
Animal factories rely heavily on growth-promoting antibiotics.
Animal factories rely on antibiotics to promote growth.
Animal factories seek to produce a uniform product with predictable costs.
Animal farm is an allegory for the October Revolution and Stalin s regime in Russia.
Animal farms keep growing in size and dwindling in number.
Animal farms use mountains of grain.
Animal fat can also turn rancid, causing the stitching and leather to rot.
Animal fat has many edible and inedible applications.
Animal fat has the highest association with colon cancer.
Animal fat is available in the form of milk, which is the most wonderful of all foods.
Animal fat is available to many Alabama swine producers.
Animal fat is considered meat for purposes of kashrut.
Animal fat is fat
Animal fat is fat.
Animal fat is just that - the fat from the bodies of dead animals.
Animal fat is the main source of cholesterol in our diet.
Animal fat is the most widely recognized atherogenic factor in the diet.
Animal fat leads to a higher risk of heart attacks.
Animal fat tends to increase estrogen levels.
Animal fats are inexpensive and easily available.
Animal fats are very prevalent, even in many seed foods.
Animal fats cause cancer and heart disease.
Animal fats contain cholesterol and saturated fat.
Animal fats found in meat, poultry and whole-milk dairy products are all high in saturated fats.
Animal fats make up over half of the fats in the American diet.
Animal fats stimulate prostate cells to increase.
Most animal fats are complex mixtures of different triglycerides.
Most animal fats are saturated.
All animal feces are to be picked up by the dog handlers.
Animal feed tests use procedures.
Animal feed is a big worry.
Animal feed is made up of energy and protein.
Most animal feed is from plants, but some is of animal origin.
Animal fertility is generally poor when only temporary pastures are being grazed.
Animal fiber is an animal product
Animal fiber is natural fibre
Animal fibers are fire resistant, having a high melting point.
Animal fibers are natural fibers that consist largely of particular proteins.
Animal fibre is an animal product
Animal fibre is natural fibre
Animal fibres are more resistant to mildew growth than plant fibres.
Animal fighting is a Class E felony.
Animal fighting is no different.
Animal figurines are the favourite of many avid collectors.
Animal food contains amounts.
Animal food contains nutrients.
Animal food exposes the system more effectually to the causes of acute disease.
Animal food is also a source of infestation.
Animal food is forbidden as it increases materiality, and alcohol and drugs are to be avoided.
Animal food is included.
Animal food is merely a byproduct of the industry.
Animal food is provided for each person to give to the animals.
Animal food is the product of slaughtering.
Animal foods are acid forming and cause our bodies to be acidic.
Animal foods are high in sodium which causes the blood to retain water.
Animal foods are higher in fat than most plant foods, particularly saturated fats.
Animal foods are most important during late winter and early spring.
Animal foods are rich in carnitine because animal cells can synthesize carnitine.
Animal foods are rich in saturated fat and also in animal protein.
Animal foods are the richest source of easily absorbed zinc.
Animal foods consist mainly of insects and spiders.
Animal foods contain compounds that raise the risk for cancer.
Animal foods have no fiber.
Animal foods have no natural fiber.
Animal foods includes all foods which are made from animals or produced by animals.
Animal foods including red meat, poultry and fish are rich in zinc.
Animal foods provide predominantly acid precursors.
All animal foods contain dietary cholesterol.
Most animal food contains amounts.
Most animal food contains nutrients.
Some animal food causes diseases.
Some animal food consists of insects.
An animal group is a group
Animal groups say the students seem embarrassed but have failed to show remorse for the crime.
Animal groups stand out by the presence of numerous endemics, including birds.
Most animal groups can recognise their kin.
Some animal groups provide protection to a plant species and receive living quarters in return.
Animal habitat is ruined.
Some animal habitats are affected by hurricanes.
Animal hair is found mixed in the mortar and plaster.
Animal hairs are classified into three basic types.
Animal hairs exhibit more variable scale patterns.
Some animal hair remains on the newer leather.
Animal handlers are at risk of developing work-related asthma and allergies.
Animal handlers lead three puppies one by one into the training room.
Animal haven needs public help.
Animal head brooches.
Animal health is no accident.
Animal health is the nation's wealth.
Animal health is, therefore, improved in disasters when animals are evacuated.
Animal healthcare is a joint effort among the trainer, owner and veterinarian.
Animal heat is but so many life atoms in molecular motion.
Animal hibernation follows a pattern.
Animal hides are stretched, dried, and tanned.
Animal hides are the traditional walls of choice for yurts, tipis, etc.
Some animal hoarders start with the best of intentions.
Many animal hospitals rely on off site laboratory help.
Some animal hospitals offer reduced rates or free office visits for service dogs.
Animal host is considered a reservoir host.
Animal house is a free Internet service created for, by and about college students and college life.
Animal husbandry is a farming
Animal husbandry is agriculture.
Animal husbandry is an important sector in the economy of the region.
Animal husbandry is an integral part of the mountain farming system in Nepal.
Animal husbandry is another important allied agriculture sector in the state.
Animal husbandry is common along farming.
Animal husbandry is developed as well as the cloth weaving, and basketry.
Animal husbandry is explored.
Animal husbandry is farming.
Animal husbandry is mainly to provide offerings for ceremonies.
Animal husbandry is one of the vital components of local economy.
Animal husbandry is part of agriculture.
Animal husbandry is popular.
Animal husbandry is raisings.
Animal husbandry is the chief source of livelihood in the region.
Animal husbandry is their mainstay.
Animal husbandry provides a key method of relating to people.
Animal husbandry See chapter on mohair .
Some animal husbandry is undertaken by individual farmers and a small scale fishing industry exists.
Animal hybrids are often infertile.
Animal identification is also pretty good with deer, squirrels and raccoon being the most plentiful.
Animal identification is readily available with many deer, squirrel, raccoons and birds.
Animal identification is seen as the heart of the records program.
Animal imaging intensifies the horror of the Holocaust and of family tensions.
Animal impact can compact the soil and allow seeds to germinate.
Animal impact includes dunging, urinating, trampling, rubbing, wallowing, salivating, etc.
Animal impact is the most effective way known to renew the damaged land and deserts.
Animal infection has no clinical appearance.
Animal inhabitants adapt to environments.
Animal inhabitants depend on food.
Animal interaction adds interest and meaning to an image.
Animal interaction is necessary prior to adoption approval.
Animal keepers observe behavior.
Animal keepers prepare meals.
An animal kingdom is a kingdom
Animal Kingdom has fewer animals than a zoo and fewer rides than an amusement park.
Animal Kingdom has no sit-down restaurants yet, though one is planned for the future.
Animal Kingdom is a winning design on a plush, ribbed twill.
Animal Kingdom is also extremely humid, due to the lush vegetation.
Animal Kingdom is entertaining, educational and enlightening.
Animal Kingdom is the official publication.
Animal Kingdom is well worth it in all aspects.
Animal knowledge comes in handy here.
Animal laboratories are also available.
Animal languages are different from one another.
Animal law is a burgeoning field.
Animal liberation is an optimistic movement.
Animal liberation is human liberation.
Animal liberation is the end of animal use and abuse for human ends.
Animal liberations are books.
Animal life abounds in our classrooms, enabling children to observe actual habitats.
Animal life can be so funny.
Animal life consists mainly of small mammals, birds, reptiles, and insects.
Animal life includes alligators, manatee, and cougars.
Animal life includes black bear, moose, deer, snowshoe hare, and beaver.
Animal life includes brown bear, lynx, otter, red deer, and roe deer.
Animal life includes deer, fox, coyote, armadillo, rabbit, squirrel, otter, nutria, and others.
Animal life includes deer, mouflons, boar, lynx and marten.
Animal life includes ibex, wildcats, baboons, wolves, and hyenas in the highlands.
Animal life includes kangaroos, echidnas, emus and a variety of lizards and snakes.
Animal life includes many different amphibians , reptiles , birds , insects , and mammals .
Animal life includes many grazing animals such as bison and pronghorn antelope.
Animal life includes rusa deer, banteng buffalo, boar, monkey and bats.
Animal life includes such animals as the chamois, bear, lynx, deer, wolf, fox, badger, and polecat.
Animal life includes the ostrich and the gazelle.
Animal life includes wild donkeys, goats and iguanas.
Animal life includes wolves , hyenas , mongooses , baboons , hares , sand rats , and jerboas .
Animal life includes wolves, hyenas, mongooses, baboons, hares, sand rats, and jerboas.
Animal life is abundant at Savage Gulf.
Animal life is abundant in the plains and equatorial regions of Sudan.
Animal life is abundant in the surrounding forest.
Animal life is abundant, including jackrabbits, coyotes, and ringtailed cats.
Animal life is abundant.
Animal life is affected as well.
Animal life is all but non-existent.
Animal life is also an important factor in the rainforest.
Animal life is also rich and diversified.
Animal life is also sparse, but there is a rich and varied bird life, especially seabirds.
Animal life is also valuable as human life, but secondly only.
Animal life is an important part of the environment.
Animal life is diverse but nocturnal, so many species go unseen.
Animal life is extremely varied in a thirstland environment.
Animal life is found on all levels .
Animal life is found on all levels.
Animal life is hard pressed by the expanding human population and declining natural habitat.
Animal life is highly diverse.
Animal life is ignored as well the lives of our own descendants.
Animal life is impacted by the lack of food, too, more than climatic changes.
Animal life is just as varied.
Animal life is limited to gazelles, antelopes, jackals, foxes, badgers and hyena.
Animal life is limited.
Animal life is more abundant in the moist than in the dry regions.
Animal life is most abundant in the forest zone.
Animal life is plentiful as there are many varieties of wildlife that make their home on the forest.
Animal life is plentiful, also.
Animal life is protected.
Animal life is scarce on the surface for most of the year.
Animal life is uncommon on bogs.
Animal life is unusual, too.
Animal life is varied in the Bozo region.
Animal life is very diversified.
Animal life is very similar and plants are somewhat similar.
Animal life is very strange.
Animal life Look out for grey squirrels, rabbits and frogs.
Animal lives are precious, too.
All animal life depends upon the existence of plants.
All animal life has the right to be respected.
All animal life is dependent on vegetation and therefore on the sun.
All animal life is equipped with some sort of survival instinct.
Animal love is extreme and animal sex or bestiality is hot.
Animal lovers acknowledge that their pet is more than an animal.
Animal lovers are in for a treat at the county fair today.
Animal lovers can memorialize or honor their pets.
Animal lovers can offer up pet-sitting services.
Animal lovers can tell which veterinarians are knowledgeable, compassionate and hard-working.
Animal lovers can their homes to a cat or dog awaiting adoption by providing foster care.
Animal lovers have a variety of websites to enjoy.
Animal lovers know.
Animal lovers welcome.
All animal lovers welcome.
Any animal lover can relate to the joy gained through the relationship they share with their pet.
Every animal lover wants to immortalize their special four legged friends.
Many animal lovers like to photograph their furry, hairy, scaly and feathery friends.
Most animal lovers feed cereals to the squirrels in their backyard.
Animal manure can be a valuable source of nutrients for crop production.
Animal manure can provide both phosphorus and potassium economically.
Animal manure contains many nutrients that plants can use to grow.
Animal manure contributes large proportions of nitrogen in the South and parts of the Northeast.
Animal manure has benefits.
Animal manure is a major source of fertilizer.
Animal manure is a useful resource when properly used as fertilizer.
Animal manure is also a complete fertilizer but is low in nutrients.
Animal manure is an important source of nutrients.
Animal manure is often a mixture of animal 's feces and bedding straw .
Animal manure is often a mixture of animal's feces and bedding straw.
Animal manure is the most often overlooked source of nitrogen for crops.
Animal manure is used, but to a limited extent because of the low livestock population.
Animal manure makes fruit trees grow better.
Animal manures are a great source of organic-humus and nutrients.
Animal manures are also a good source of nitrogen.
Animal manures are among the most common amendments applied to citrus and avocado orchards.
Animal manures are an important food source for earthworms in the soil.
Animal manures are excellent.
Animal manures are good sources of macronutrients and micronutrients.
Animal manures are important sources of N in the environment.
Animal manures are some of the best sources of organic fertilizers and soil conditioners around.
Animal manures are unavailable as a supplemental source of nitrogen.
Animal manures are usually the best source of organic fertilizer.
Animal manures contain it.
Animal manures contain large amounts of nitrogen needed during corn production.
Animal manures make good fish pond fertilizers.
Animal manures release methane gas.
Animal manures tend to encourage the development of basal rot.
Most animal manure consists of feces .
Most animal manure has benefits.
Most animal manure is low in phosphorus.
Animal migration is an example of a behavioral adaptation .
Animal migration is mystery of nature.
Animal migration is one of the many wonders of the world.
Animal migration is the traveling of long distances in search of a new habitat.
Some animal migrations remain mysterious.
Animal milk is completely indigestible for human beings.
Animal mind means strong like-dislike.
Animal models are critical to control human suffering from lung ailments.
Animal models are important in human research.
Animal models are important resources for studying pathology and therapeutic strategies.
Animal models are models.
Animal models are the key to present and future breakthroughs in research on eye diseases.
Animal models are useful in overcoming difficulties associated with genetic analysis in humans.
Animal models can help researchers to evaluated the safety of medicines during pregnancy.
Animal models indicate that the drug is also present in the retina.
Animal models provide an excellent opportunity to manipulate the adolescent brain.
Animal models show a pattern of results that look the same as diabetes.
Animal models suggest the azapirones are potent anti-aggressive agents.
Any animal model differs in myriad ways from human physiology and pathology.
Animal mothers leave their babies for hours at a time in search of food.
Animal mothers sing their babies to sleep, but only the little ones understand the words.
More animal mummies are here .
Animal name Can be partial name.
Animal naturopathy uses gentle medicines and healing energies to restore canine health.
Animal neglect has to stop.
Animal nutrition appears to be related to louse problems.
Animal nutrition includes poultry, cattle, swine, fish, horses and other species.
Animal nutrition is easy, fun and rewarding.
Animal nutritionists work out menus for each animal.
Many animal nutritionists work with or in feed mills.
Most animal nutritionists recommend the use of fresh, raw, minced garlic for all dogs and cats.
All animal offerings are 'impure' sacrifices.
Some animal parks feature photographs.
Animal performance is better when the variety grown is endophyte-free.
Animal personalities are fascinating.
Animal personalities are like human finger prints.
Animal phobias are very common in childhood and usually disappear without treatment.
Animal photos are also useful.
Animal photos are behavioral shots.
Animal photos are graphics intensive.
Many animal phyla have bilateral symmetry.
Animal physiology is also closely related to medical physiology.
Animal physiology is the science of animal function.
Animal populations change over time as the results of births, deaths, and dispersals.
Animal populations consist of healthy, smart members because everyone else died or was eaten.
Animal populations drop dramatically as a result.
Animal populations respond with increased birth and survival rates and decreased emigration.
All animal populations vary somewhat based on weather, food, disease, predation, and reproduction.
Animal prey includes large insects, spiders, scorpions, snakes, mice and lizards.
Animal prey makes up for differing deficiencies in soil nutrients.
Animal prints are back.
Animal prints are big, too.
Animal prints are classics.
Animal prints are fall's bold statement.
Animal prints are good, but too many can turn a bedroom into a jungle.
Animal prints are still in vogue with snakeskin streets ahead.
Animal prints can add elegance and exotica to a home.
Animal prints can suit many homes and many kinds of people.
An animal product is a material
Animal products are a source of parasites and contamination.
Animal products are also sources of all dietary cholesterol.
Animal products are also very taxing to the body to digest and eliminate.
Animal products are another high-risk category.
Animal products are concentrated sources of cholesterol and saturated fat.
Animal products are essential.
Animal products are heavier than plants.
Animal products are high in fat and difficult for our body to digest properly.
Animal products are highly nutritious and palatable and add variety to diets.
Animal products are safe to eat.
Animal products are the main source of saturated fat and the only source of cholesterol in the diet.
Animal products are the major sources of dietary saturated fat.
Animal products are the only sources of dietary cholesterol.
Animal products are the source of all dietary cholesterol.
Animal products are the source of most of the cholesterol and saturated fat found in foods.
Animal products can be as great a threat as a person or animal.
Animal products constitute the bulk source of vitamin D that occurs naturally in unfortified foods.
Animal products contain acids or produce acids in the body when they are metabolized.
Animal products contain no carbohydrates at all.
Animal products contain no fiber and almost no complex carbohydrates.
Animal products contain no fiber.
Animal products contain no fibre or complex carbohydrate.
Animal products contain saturated fats while most vegetables contain unsaturated fats.
Animal products contain too much protein, too much fat, and no fiber.
Animal products have no fiber.
Animal products play a vital role in our daily lives.
Animal products provide no benefits for people with diabetes.
Animal products putrefy in the colon.
Animal products putrefy the colon.
Animal products tend to have much more complex flavor, like prosciutto and sausage.
Animal products tend to play a key role in the irritability and bloat.
All animal products contain cholesterol but no plant foods have measurable amounts of cholesterol.
All animal products contain cholesterol.
Most Animal products are taboo, as are caffeine and alcohol.
Most animal products undergo significant heat treatment before consumption.
Animal production can be a challenge due to disease and theft.
Animal production can lead to a very restrictive lifestyle.
Animal production is another facet of Rice County.
Animal production is well developed in the whole country.
Animal production requires a lot of fossil fuels.
Animal productions are integrated with crop productions.
An animal psychology is a psychology
Animal psychology is very simple.
Animal realism appeals to nearly all children.
Animal realm is connected with ignorance.
Animal rennet is available in liquid form.
Animal rennet is used to curd the milk.
Animal reproduction are the most complex system of all of the kingdoms.
Animal rescue can be very emotional and physically demanding.
Animal rescue is carried out where possible.
Animal research can also provide insights into the multiple factors responsible for drug abuse.
Animal research compliments the medical field.
Animal research compromises human safety and animal welfare.
Animal research has to be carried out if humanity is to conquer life-threatening diseases.
Animal research increases the human life span, improves the quality of life, and saves lives.
Animal research is a crapshoot - a game of Russian roulette at best.
Animal research is a known method.
Animal research is a topic debated everyday around the world.
Animal research is also essential to the development of new surgical procedures.
Animal research is also under fire again.
Animal research is an unscientific methodology for chemical assessment.
Animal research is beneficial.
Animal research is controllable.
Animal research is counterfeit science.
Animal research is fast.
Animal research is indispensable for further understanding and treatment of hypertension.
Animal research is necessary to maintain our society's well being.
Animal research is no longer a favourite subject for the media.
Animal research is often a vital step in finding the answers.
Animal research is one of the most regulated activities in the United States.
Animal research is one of the most regulated aspects of medical research.
Animal research is publishable.
Animal research is the only way to obtain absolutely essential information.
Animal research is traditional.
Animal research is understandable in SOME cases.
Animal research is unnecessary.
Animal research is vital in the development of such vaccines.
Animal research is vital to continued progress in science and human and animal health.
Animal research is vital to medicine.
Animal research is wasteful and misleading.
Animal research kills.
Animal research provides the answer.
Animal research remains a critical factor to understanding diabetes.
Animal research replacing the protein is also encouraging.
Animal research shows that it overstimulates and then kills serotonergic brain cells.
Animal research uses very large amounts, equivalent to several grams per day for humans.
Animal research violates even the simplest parameters of scientific methodology.
Many animal researchers claim to have taught chimpanzees to speak a language.
Animal rights are a massive topic.
Animal rights capitalizes on public confusion.
Animal rights is a catchphrase akin to human rights.
Animal rights is a clearly defined ideological concept.
Animal rights is a philosophical viewpoint.
Animal rights is based on a concern for individual creatures foremost.
Animal rights is one more reason to become a vegetarian.
Animal rights is the philosophic attempt to better that humanity.
Animal rights is usually the first step that children take in being involved in the environment.
Animal rights means an end to all cures for diseases.
Animal rights means animals first.
Animal rights means dramatic social changes for humans and nonhumans alike.
Animal rights needs to be discussed more in school, in the media and in everyday life.
Animal rights require a source, just as human rights do.
Animal sacrifice is an integral part of the rituals.
Animal sacrifice is no more cruel than slaughtering animals for food.
Animal sacrifice is one of the customary ways of pleasing many of the gods of Nepal.
Animal sacrifice is practiced at birth, marriage, and death rites.
Animal sacrifice is rare in Pagan religions.
Animal sacrifice is widespread.
Animal sacrifices are commandments in the Torah.
Animal sacrifices are common, and belief in the power of black magic is widespread.
Animal sacrifices are necessary to the service as types or patterns, and memorials.
Animal sacrifices are unable to remit sins.
Most animal sacrifices require z'rika, sprinkling the blood.
Animal safety is a major concern in our country.
Animal science is a comprehensive major, meaning no minor is required.
Animal science is one of the more popular choices.
Animal science is progressive and technical and prepares graduates for a wide variety of good jobs.
An animal scientist is a biologist
Animal scientists conduct beef nutrition, health and management studies.
Animal scientists develop better ways of producing meat, poultry, eggs, and milk.
Animal scientists experiment with grains as animal feed.
Animal scientists work in a variety of careers.
Some animal scientists inspect livestock food products.
Animal sex is here to stay in Chile.
Animal sex is what is advertised, and animalsex is what ou get.
Animal shelter employees make effort.
Animal shelter employees make faith effort.
Animal shelter employees make good faith effort.
Animal shelter is on the left with sign on chain link fencing just before entrance to the landfill.
Animal shelter is shelter.
Animal shelter means any premises so designated by action of the city council.
Animal shelter provides care.
Animal shelter provides foster care.
Animal shelter provides temporary foster care.
Animal shelters are a great place to find both dogs and cats.
Animal shelters are a tough place to go.
Animal shelters are also a good place to look for a pet.
Animal shelters are also full to capacity.
Animal shelters have administrative duties just like any other place of business.
Animal shelters provide care for all kinds of puppies and kittens, dogs and cats.
Animal shelters provide cats and dogs with a warm place to sleep, play and eat.
Animal shelters range from burrows and caves to lodges and nests.
Animal shelters require that a pet be neutered before adoption.
Animal shelters seem a big donor attraction.
Animal shelters take in pets who have lost their homes.
All animal shelters are different.
All animal shelters struggle with the problem of finding homes for unwanted pets.
Most animal shelter provides care.
Most animal shelter provides foster care.
Most animal shelter provides temporary foster care.
Most animal shelters are overcrowded, because many dogs are abandoned.
Most animal shelters have plenty of both.
Most animal shelters provide a space for the temporary housing and care of homeless pets.
Animal shows are one of the few programs in Holland that costs a lot of money.
Animal skeletons are excellent tools for teaching visitors about wildlife.
Animal skin is an animal product
Animal skin is turned into leather via number of quite complicated steps.
Animal skins are especially fashionable in the fall season.
Animal skins are soaked in a strong solution of lime.
Animal skins keep people warm because the fur traps air, and air is a good insulator.
Animal slaughter is a nasty business.
Animal smell is the biggest turn-off.
Animal sounds are ancestral to human speech.
Many animal sounds have names.
Animal specie is species.
Animal species are just as abundant.
Animal species continue to increase in number.
Animal species differ in the types of forage they prefer.
Animal species differ in the way they adapt to climate change.
Animal species living in the park include antelopes, elephants, zebras and a variety of birds.
Animal species living in the park include crocodiles, hippopotamus and a wide variety of birds.
Animal species living in the park include elephants, hyenas, jackals and a wide variety of birds.
Many animal species can carry rabies including dogs, cats, skunks, raccoons, bats and cattle.
Many animal species cooperate with each other in mutual symbiosis .
Many animal species find cover in river edge vegetation during the wet season.
Many animal species have lips, of course.
Many animal species live and breed in colonies.
Many animal species walk on their toes, and are called 'digitigrade'.
Most animal species begin life as a single egg cell that is then fertilised by a sperm cell.
Most animal species live on land, but the greatest diversity of animal phyla are marine.
Some animal species are more difficult to observe than others.
Some animal species migrate to find food, breed, or escape the cold.
Animal sperm are mobile, usually swimming with a flagellum but sometimes crawling with pseudopods.
Animal spirit has many different aspects.
Animal spirits produce that optimism, that spontaneous urge to invest, and prices rise.
Animal spirits visit as well as dolphins, elves and dwarves.
An animal starch is sugar
Animal starch is called glycogen.
Some animal stories are thinly disguised stories about people, and to hell with nature lore.
Animal studies are a basic stepping stone of toxicology.
Animal studies are conclusive on the higher toxicity of dressings containing eugenol.
Animal studies are in progress.
Animal studies are much more complex than cell culture.
Animal studies are under way.
Animal studies are valuable in helping identify human carcinogens.
Animal studies can produce a false sense of safety.
Animal studies confirm the safety of feverfew.
Animal studies contribute to the basic understanding of how all living organisms function.
Animal studies demonstrate reproductive toxicity at levels to which some people are clearly exposed.
Animal studies demonstrate that the adverse effects can be controlled.
Animal studies give some clues.
Animal studies help show whether a chemical is a potential human carcinogen.
Animal studies hint at ways to treat spinal cord injuries.
Animal studies indicate allopregnanolone can prevent the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal.
Animal studies indicate an obvious degradation of the heart muscles.
Animal studies indicate montelukast is excreted in breast milk.
Animal studies indicate severe irritation occurring.
Animal studies indicate that aniline causes tumors of the spleen and body cavity.
Animal studies indicate that benzene has adverse effects on unborn animals.
Animal studies indicate that mineral intake, especially calcium, reduces insulin resistance.
Animal studies indicate that monkeys become more violent when fed low-cholesterol diets.
Animal studies indicate that neurotoxicity is dose-dependent.
Animal studies indicate that perfluorooctane sulfonate has toxicological properties.
Animal studies indicate that tetracyclines can cause retardation of fetal skeletal development.
Animal studies prove lutein concentrates in Macula.
Animal studies prove their benefit in arteriosclerosis and cardiovascular disease.
Animal studies provide much of our information about possible harmful agents.
Animal studies provide the only available information on in utero exposure to leflunomide.
Animal studies show broad protective effects in simulated stroke.
Animal studies show changes in immune system function.
Animal studies show damage to developing fetuses and lowered sperm production in males.
Animal studies show detrimental bacterial flora lead to liver cancer and early death.
Animal studies show drug passes into milk.
Animal studies show fetal abnormalities and increased risk of abortion.
Animal studies show fetal abnormalities.
Animal studies show growth with injections similar to that with autologous grafts.
Animal studies show no teratogenicity.
Animal studies show similar responses with liver toxicity at low exposure levels.
Animal studies show that a detrimental bacterial flora leads to liver cancer and early death.
Animal studies show that blood-sugar instability increases when stress occurs.
Animal studies show that dandelion does have diuretic action.
Animal studies show that glutamine is effective against catabolic stress.
Animal studies show that high doses of methamphetamine damage nerve cells.
Animal studies show that maternal stress during pregnancy affects behavior in offspring.
Animal studies show that sleep is necessary for survival.
Animal studies showe no evidence of cancer.
Animal studies suggest actual cell death as the cause.
Animal studies suggest possible toxicity for pregnant women.
Animal studies suggest that abacavir readily penetrates into the brain.
Animal studies suggest that estrogen can protect the brain against stroke.
Animal studies suggest that feverfew is essentially nontoxic.
Animal studies suggest that flumazenil is an antagonist to zaleplon.
Animal studies suggest that passionflower extracts can reduce agitation and prolong sleep.
Animal studies suggest that pyruvate leads to weight loss by increasing the resting metabolic rate.
Animal studies suggest that statins reduce stroke risk by increasing blood flow to the brain.
Animal studies suggest that the anticholinergic drug physostigmine improves memory.
Animal studies suggest that there is adequate oxygenated blood after primary cardiac arrest.
Animal studies suggest that vitamin E can slow the development of atherosclerosis.
Animal studies tend to support the idea that myopia is caused by eyestrain.
Animal studies using lead acetate, a closely related chemical, are inconclusive.
More animal studies are in the works.
Some animal studies suggest that caffeine can have anti-cancer properties.
Animal suffering is a turn off.
Animal symbolism found in Celtic myths include boars, birds, serpents, fish, horse and cattle.
Animal territory provides biological precedent.
Animal tests are a one way street to pain and suffering.
Animal tests are also unsuitable.
Animal tests are due to start any time now.
Animal tests are notoriously bad at picking up learning and behavioral problems.
Animal tests are unnecessary, duplicative, and scientifically inaccurate.
Animal tests are unnecessary.
Animal tests are very good predictors of human health effects.
Animal tests are very reliable predictors of human effects.
Animal tests provide evidence.
Animal tests show a tonic effect on veins.
Animal tests used to determine safe human exposure levels involve guesswork.
Most animal tests provide evidence.
Animal testing can and has saved lives.
Animal testing demonstrate no carcinogenic activity nor developmental effects.
Animal testing has to do with cruelty to animals.
Animal testing is a bad idea - they get nervous and give the wrong answers.
Animal testing is a volatile issue.
Animal testing is at the center a heated controversy that has lasted for several decades.
Animal testing is bad karma for humans.
Animal testing is bad.
Animal testing is conducted on any product.
Animal testing is conducted to provide the necessary preclinical data.
Animal testing is different.
Animal testing is just too important and beneficial to abolish completely.
Animal testing is necessary to develop new medicines and advance scientific knowledge.
Animal testing is needed to expand that knowledge base.
Animal testing is required by law before drugs get to market.
Animal testing provides a means of evaluating the effects of chemicals on animals.
Animal testing raises ethical issues, especially when used for testing products.
Animal therapy can decrease patients' stress about hospitalization.
Animal tissue consists of layers.
Animal tissue is disposed in a biohazard waste bag and autoclaved or incinerated.
Animal tissue is tissue
Most animal tissue consists of layers.
Most animal tissue is built out of proteins.
Animal tithes are random and unredeemable.
Animal tracks are important clues.
Animal tracks are particularly plentiful here in the winter.
Animal tracks are trails when the snow is deep and powdery.
Animal tracks can be the basis for several types of investigations.
Animal tracks cross the platform.
Animal Tracks Look for animal tracks in mud, sand or snow.
Animal tracking is a bit like reading.
Animal tracking is an educational process.
Animal traction is less harmful, but it can still contribute to a certain extent of soil erosion.
An animal trainer is a trainer
Animal trainers apply the principles of operant conditioning.
Animal trainers use a whip with a stiff handle to show who the boss is.
Animal trainers use the technique of extinction to eliminate undesired behaviors.
Animal trainers work closely with the animals and the public.
Many animal trainers think love is irrelevant to their work.
Some animal trainers require candidates.
Animal treatment is a factor in the ethical concerns of critics of xenotransplantation.
Animal trials are underway.
Animal trials tend to create the biggest hold-up in the process of drug development.
Animal trials using enzyme replacement therapy are ongoing.
Animal units assign animal species a numeric value based on weight and manure generated.
Animal urine can cause serious damage to a tall fescue lawn.
Animal urine is the most important vehicle of infection for man.
Animal urines are extremely complex organic chemical compounds.
Animal vaccination is important to prevent encephalitis that occurs because of the rabies virus.
Animal vertebrates have bones.
An animal virus is a virus
Animal viruses are able to fuse with prokaryotic cells.
Animal viruses are viruses.
Animal viruses attach to the plasma membrane of an animal cell.
Animal viruses can also change unpredictably when they jump the species barrier.
Animal viruses enter host cells by a process called endocytosis.
Animal viruses exhibit extreme variation in size and shape.
Animal viruses share a number of common properties.
Many animal viruses adsorb to the red blood cells of various animal species.
Many animal viruses contain an exterior lipid membrane with inserted proteins.
Many animal viruses have the ability to jump species barriers and kill humans.
Most animal viruses are enveloped.
Most animal viruses replicate and assembly in the cytoplasm.
Some animal viruses can also establish latent infections.
Some animal viruses cause transformation of host cells to the cancerous state.
Animal vision is truly varied and has developed over millennia in many remarkable ways.
Animal vision varies among the species.
Animal waste becomes a major problem due to volume and huge management costs.
Animal waste can also act as a fertilizer and create damage by increasing nutrients.
Animal waste can also be a problem, however.
Animal waste can be a contributor to storm water pollution.
Animal waste contains a high concentration of nutrients as well as pathogens and bacteria.
Animal waste contains pathogens that pose a threat to human health.
Animal waste contains several potential water pollutants.
Animal waste contaminates many of our waters with pathogens and nutrients.
Animal waste flows through slatted floors.
Animal waste has a serious negative impact on the environment.
Animal waste includes livestock and poultry manure, wasted feed, bedding and feedlot runoff.
Animal waste is a leading source of phosphorus pollution from agriculture.
Animal waste is a major non-point source of nitrogren pollution in waterways.
Animal waste is a major source of polluted run-off that can contaminate rivers and groundwater.
Animal waste is a source of bacteria and nutrients.
Animal waste is a valuable fertilizer and soil conditioner.
Animal waste is also a challenge to carbon management.
Animal waste is also high in nitrogen.
Animal waste is different than municipal waste or industrial waste and has to be treated as such.
Animal waste is everywhere.
Animal waste is found regularly in campus buildings, presenting major health and cleaning concerns.
Animal waste is one of the greatest contributors to water quality problems in Indiana.
Animal waste is spread on the land all the time . . .
Animal waste is to be sent to waste heat-processing plants.
Animal waste permeates our water supply in several ways.
Animal waste poses a human health risk due to pathogens it carries, such as cryptosporidium.
Animal waste poses a human health risk due to pathogens, such as cryptosporidium.
Animal waste provides significantly more phosphorus than nitrogen relative to plant requirement.
Animal waste ravages the environment.
Animal waste runs off lawns and curbs and contributes to bacterial pollution of surface waters.
Animal waste runs off lawns and curbs and contributes to pollution in the rivers and the harbour.
Animal wastes are a significant source of nutrients.
Animal wastes are another source of persistent pollution in some areas.
Animal wastes are of several sorts.
Animal wastes contain higher levels of another bacteria, fecal streptococci.
Animal wastes degrade in an oxygen-rich environment that favors biochemical decomposition.
Animal wastes improve most soils, but the effects differ according to the kind of soil.
All animal waste is turned to compost and distributed on an organic vineyard.
Animal welfare is a central plank of the legislation.
Animal welfare is a major consideration at all stages of the operation.
Animal welfare is another area with great potential.
Animal welfare is another issue.
Animal welfare is assured by continuing high standards of care and husbandry.
Animal welfare is humanity in action.
Animal welfare is of paramount concern in reviewing the methods section of a submitted manuscript.
Animal welfare is protected in research through existing complex laws and regulations.
Animal welfare is said to generate more letters from constituents to their MPs than any other issue.
Animal welfare means the humane treatment of animals managed by humans.
An animal is an organism
Animal appears emaciated.
Animal appears smooth and blocky.
Animal are free.
Animal becomes weak, anemic , dyspneic, with hemoptysis , epistaxis , and bloody feces.
Animal build their homes in trees, under the ground, in nests and dens.
Animal calls e.g. numbers per unit time.
Animal can overheat, but generally they have an elaborate mechanism for heat loss.
Animal comes back to a two-dimensional shape.
Animal cookies pt.
Animal dies underground.
Animal eat plants to use that food energy.
Animal eats the fruit produced by the plant.
Animal encounters on a Tanzania safari.
Animal feeds and feed mills.
Animal feeds for poulltry, cattle, pigs, fish.
Animal feeds mean a lot to the agri-biotech industry.
Animal feeds provide one option.
Animal feeds, grain handling and storage, daily grain bids.
Animal forms a social attachment to another animal following birth.
Animal gets the tag and slaps on the head vise.
Animal gives milk.
Animal has black stripes.
Animal has blocky obese appearance.
Animal has deep patchy fat over entire body.
Animal has hooves.
Animal has no facial warts.
Animal has one move that nobody else seems to have.
Animal have different eating practices.A ladybug eats small insects that harm plants.
Animal have particular organ to excrete out nitrogenous waste.
Animal hides line the sleeping areas and provide a windbreak on the outside walls.
Animal hits the jumping shoulder block and actually gets some decent air on it.
Animal includes any domestic, captive or wild animal, either bird, beast, fish, reptile or insect.
Animal is a carnivore.
Animal is blocky in appearance.
Animal is closer to the original tempo.
Animal is common to many species.
Animal is counted out.
Animal is curled up and sleeping in an open area during daylight.
Animal is DDT'd.
Animal is emaciated.
Animal is in.
Animal is lethargic, dehydrated, inappetent, maintains a hunched posture and has a ruffled haircoat.
Animal is next.
Animal is ordered to the back by the referee.
Animal is SAID OF man.
Animal is seasonal.
Animal is slow in coming round after anaesthetic.
Animal is Switzerland beneath relief through a sleepy township for argued for one health.
Animal is the page and Animalia is the redirect.
Animal is used to restrict the search to studies done on a specific animal.
Animal is very fat with spinous processes difficult to feel.
Animal isa organism.
Animal lives in coastal districts, in a high herbage, on boggy lands.
Animal loses consciousness and dies due to brain anoxia.
Animal means a nonhuman vertebrate.
Animal means raccoon or coyote.
Animal passes red coloured urine.
Animal pollinated species can exist at lower densities than wind-pollinated species.
Animal produces Curiosity unto little head opposite whatever option.
Animal raising like poultry and livestock is also a main source of livelihood for the townsfolk.
Animal ranges in color from light red to brown and gray to predominately black.
Animal realize Train of tonight at few zero down car lease but said of few field.
Animal recognizes stimulus and continues until allocate of behavior are completed.
Animal related deaths continue to rise, accounting for eight deaths last year.
Animal remains found in the cave include many small mammals as well as bear and musk ox.
Animal remains from an Indian village site, Indiana County, Pennsylvania.
Animal Remains in Archaeology.
Animal shows daily.
Animal shows for all occasions.
Animal skins and hides, maybe.
Animal skins and trophies.
Animal skins and wool.
Animal skins hang from hooks, sleeping benches and racks for gourds are the only furniture.
Animal slippers a speciality.
Animal sounds add to the fun.
Animal sounds and communi- cation.
Animal sounds in Hindi .
Animal sounds in the night become a silent canvas rippling with wave forms.
Animal superstars Lost links of the southern land.
Animal supplies Food bowls, dog and cat houses, crates, baskets, litter and litter boxes.
Animal takes on a smooth, blocky appearance with no evidence of visible hooks.
Animal urinates excessively.
Animal use the trees for food and a water sources.
Animal use their feet for many different tasks.
Animal walks in unsuspectingly.
Animal wastes entering streams can reduce the dissolved oxygen available to fish.
Animal wastes from confinement areas can potentially be a serious contaminant to well water.
Animal waxes The best known animal wax is beeswax, but other insects secrete waxes.
Animals abound and the bird watching is first class.
Animals abound and the scenery changes quite often.
Animals abound from spider monkeys to iguanas to foxes.
Animals abound in the forest.
Animals abound, fish seemingly everywhere, often in large schools.
Animals absolutely have different personalities.
Animals absorb heat.
Animals absorb oxygen.
Animals acclimatize in many ways.
Animals accumulate cadmium in their kidneys and livers and therefore offal can be high in cadmium.
Animals achieve dispersal by walking, swimming, flying.
Animals achieve states.
Animals achieve that size evolutionarily for defense.
Animals acquire characteristics.
Animals acquire energy by eating plants - or by eating other animals that eat plants.
Animals acquire energy.
Animals acquire immunity.
Animals acquire knowledge.
Animals acquire most of their water in food, drink and a smaller amount by oxidative metabolism .
Animals acquire nutrients by ingestion.
Animals acquire partial immunity.
Animals acquire physical characteristics.
Animals acquire the parasite by eating the mice.
Animals acquire their carbohydrates by eating plants or other animals.
Animals act according to their nature.
Animals act by instinct.
Animals act from instinct from their needs.
Animals act on instinct and impulse.
Animals act through their instincts for survival.
Animals acting out pheromone orders can make almost comical mistakes.
Animals adapt either in physical form or by changing their behavior.
Animals adapt in many ways.
Animals adapt to an area where they find appropriate food, water, shelter, and space.
Animals adapt to aquatic environments.
Animals adapt to arid habitats.
Animals adapt to change environmental conditions.
Animals adapt to climates.
Animals adapt to cold climates.
Animals adapt to conditions.
Animals adapt to countries.
Animals adapt to deep snow conditions.
Animals adapt to diets.
Animals adapt to different countries.
Animals adapt to dry conditions.
Animals adapt to elevation.
Animals adapt to environmental conditions.
Animals adapt to environments.
Animals adapt to habitats.
Animals adapt to humans.
Animals adapt to life.
Animals adapt to lower elevation.
Animals adapt to many different things and for many different reasons.
Animals adapt to pressure.
Animals adapt to problems.
Animals adapt to regions.
Animals adapt to require specific conditions.
Animals adapt to rocky terrains.
Animals adapt to snow conditions.
Animals adapt to specific conditions.
Animals adapt to specific habitats.
Animals adapt to survival.
Animals adapt to terrains.
Animals adapt to terrestrial habitats.
Animals adapt to their environment.
Animals adapt to their environments.
Animals adapt to urban environments.
Animals adapt to vary conditions.
Animals adapt to water.
Animals adapt to weather.
Animals adapt to winter food scarcity by migration and hibernation.
Animals add motion and appetite as well.
Animals add some carbon to sediments but it is usually a small amount compared to that from plants.
Animals add to the problem.
Animals add value to the quality of life and are a voiceless population deserving protection.
Animals addresses animal issues and related topics.
Animals adjust to the human-controlled environment in different ways.
Animals adopt strategies.
Animals affect development.
Animals affect diversity.
Animals affect genetic diversity.
Animals affect soil structure.
Animals alert and still eat.
Animals already know how to do that.
Animals already know things, too.
Animals also act as a magnet for mosquitoes.
Animals also adapt to anoxic conditions.
Animals also adapt to the arid conditions.
Animals also adapt to their environments through certain behaviors or actions.
Animals also adapt.
Animals also appear as independent divine creatures.
Animals also appear to respond to some regional topographic properties.
Animals also are heterotrophic meaning that they have to ingest food to get energy.
Animals also become characters in folk tales and serve as religious icons.
Animals also benefit from bacteria.
Animals also benefit from the hedgerow's protection from hot summer sun and cold winter winds.
Animals also breathe the oxygen gas that is released.
Animals also can show abnormal behavior through knawing on unusual items.
Animals also cause ongoing damage.
Animals also choose their mates, sometimes with a great deal of care.
Animals also churn and enrich soils with their burrowing and food gathering activities.
Animals also come in contact with dioxin when they touch or eat polluted soil.
Animals also consume one-third of the global cereal grain supply.
Animals also convert some of it into mechanical energy.
Animals also depend on the non-living things in their ecosystem.
Animals also develop very sore feet with open sores between their toes.
Animals also die directly at the hands of people through hunting and fishing.
Animals also differ from one another as individuals.
Animals also eat bones, a source of calcium for the body.
Animals also eat the seeds which are very nutritious and rich in oil and carbohydrates.
Animals also educate students in medical and veterinary schools.
Animals also eliminate waste nitrogen as urea in the urea cycle.
Animals also engage in kleptothermy in which they share or even steal each other's body warmth.
Animals also face choice in service of a local goal.
Animals also fall victim to the Asian ritual of blood drinking and gall bladder removal.
Animals also feel and respond to changes in their environment.
Animals also get mouth injuries as they bite at the trap in their desperate effort to get free.
Animals also get water from the foods they eat.
Animals also grow from babies to adults.
Animals also have an impact on the Swedish landscape.
Animals also have behaviors they do to protect and defend themselves.
Animals also have codes of behavior, even legal systems.
Animals also have elementary addition and subtraction abilities.
Animals also have fear and pain as do human beings.
Animals also have feelings and they suffer when they are slaughtered.
Animals also have individual vertebral bones that subluxate and cause nerve pressure.
Animals also have knowledge, but it's structured in another way.
Animals also have melanin but normally have red,yellow,black and brown pigments.
Animals also have mistaken plastic junk for food, leading to death by starvation or suffocation.
Animals also have sense organs which feel temperature and pain .
Animals also have sense organs which feel temperature and pain.
Animals also have senses and nervous systems, to aid in locamotion and searching for food.
Animals also have specialized tissues to perform various functions.
Animals also have structures called mitochondria in their cells.
Animals also have the ability to feel and express anger.
Animals also help move pollen between plants .
Animals also help move pollen between plants.
Animals also help spread seeds by consuming fruit that has seeds.
Animals also help to scatter seed in a variety of ways.
Animals also hold the distinction of having developed sense organs and nervous systems.
Animals also hold the key to the cures for many diseases.
Animals also influence germination.
Animals also influence the development of soils and thus affect the development of vegetation.
Animals also keep many people happy as pets.
Animals also leave signs behind when they eat.
Animals also like to play with buddies.
Animals also migrate into different environments from which the root stock originally evolved.
Animals also migrate to avoid extreme heat or cold.
Animals also migrate to find good habitat to raise their young.
Animals also minimize water loss with tough integuments, and they are active at night.
Animals also play a big role in our superstitions - especially cats.
Animals also play a part in all sorts of mechanical items.
Animals also play critical roles in influencing the physical properties of ecosystems.
Animals also possess several other unique features.
Animals also produce carbon dioxide, a gas necessary to plants in order for photosynthesis to occur.
Animals also redistribute materials.
Animals also represent a source of bioactive natural products.
Animals also require food, water, and shelter.
Animals also respond well to attention by humans.
Animals also run, jump, climb and wrestle.
Animals also seem to be naturally psychic.
Animals also sing.
Animals also store energy as polymerized, highly branched glc called glycogen.
Animals also suffer from ozone.
Animals also suffer from sleep disorder - narcolepsy and sleep apnea.
Animals also suffer increasingly inhumane practices at slaughterhouses.
Animals also suffer when the wind chill is bitter cold.
Animals also sustain injuries during handling.
Animals also tend to be homeotherms which are animals that maintain a high temperature.
Animals also tend to get along better when they are all spayed and neutered.
Animals also tend to make place-specific associations.
Animals also trample streambanks and damage fish habitat.
Animals also use body language when playing.
Animals also use cover for concealment.
Animals also use the forest as shelter.
Animals also use visual communication.
Animals alter environments.
Animals apparently require a higher level of obfuscation than oil companies, however.
Animals appear active and well.
Animals appear as an omen by their appearance and activity through a symbolic message.
Animals appear during eras.
Animals appear in all mediums from porcelain to peach pits, from glass to brass.
Animals appear in countries.
Animals appear in environments.
Animals appear in habitats.
Animals appear in regions.
Animals appear to be more susceptible to cancers than plants and other multicellular organisms.
Animals appear to be well cared for.
Animals appear to rely on a combination of senses and stimuli during migration.
Animals appear well cared for, provided with hiding places and furniture.
Animals approach maturity.
Animals approach puberty.
Animals approach somatic maturity.
Animals approach surfaces.
Animals are a big commitment.
Animals are a big part of family life here.
Animals are a critical part of India's myths, legend and religious belief.
Animals are a dominant theme.
Animals are a fascinating subject of archaeological research.
Animals are a great creation.
Animals are a great way to bring science concepts and government issues to life.
Animals are a horn of plenty when it comes to lessons.
Animals are a kingdom of multicellular eukaryotes.
Animals are a large and incredibly diverse group of organisms.
Animals are a lot better people than people are.
Animals are a lot like people and are fearful of new situations and changes.
Animals are a lot more physically active than a plants.
Animals are a lot of work and take up a fair amount of time.
Animals are a more important source of protein than they are of calories.
Animals are a part of every day life.
Animals are a popular collecting motif.
Animals are a popular topic with children of all ages.
Animals are a product of their habitat, which is often the product of a fire.
Animals are a secondary creation, although like humanity, are created out of the dust of the earth.
Animals are a universal language, and they have appeal to people everywhere.
Animals are a very important part of vaccine development and testing.
Animals are a vital resource in any ecosystem.
Animals are a wild card, the joker in the theatrical deck.
Animals are able to adapt to daily and seasonal changes .
Animals are able to be cloned perfectly.
Animals are able to clear the bacteria from blood and other organs spontaneously.
Animals are able to feel pain.
Animals are able to live because they are osmoregulators.
Animals are able to migrate throughout the area, sustaining the genetic diversity of native species.
Animals are able to receive the healing benefits of crystals as well as humans.
Animals are able to survive the dry conditions of the grasslands using their adaptations as well.
Animals are able to synthesize some of their amino acids, using ammonia as a nitrogen source.
Animals are able to transmit the disease a few days before the signs of rabies are visible.
Animals are able to value on their own if they have preferences that can be satisfied or frustrated.
Animals are abused throughout their life, right and through the slaughter house .
Animals are accomplished savers because natural selection favors the appropriately thrifty.
Animals are adapted to the conditions of the habitats in which they live.
Animals are adapted to their environments.
Animals are adept at concealment.
Animals are aerobic organisms.
Animals are afraid of fire.
Animals are alive, of course.
Animals are all different colors and they are good and cute.
Animals are also a part of community.
Animals are also a part of the camping experience.
Animals are also commonly allergic to grasses, weeds, pollens, molds and dust.
Animals are also creatures of habit.
Animals are also eligible for nomination where appropriate.
Animals are also force-fed or dosed with substances to assess poisoning affects.
Animals are also much more interested in ripe fruit and small nibbles can penetrate the skin.
Animals are also our brothers and sisters.
Animals are also part of the package.
Animals are also problems.
Animals are also sensitive to high levels of sulfate.
Animals are also targets of pornographic depictions.
Animals are also the only organisms to have developed nervous tissue and muscle tissue.
Animals are always good listeners, never give bad advice and are always supportive.
Animals are always on the lookout for new neighborhoods to move into.
Animals are amazing creatures.
Animals are an artist's link to reality.
Animals are an equally vital part of the village economy.
Animals are an important part of all our lives.
Animals are an important part of everyday life.
Animals are an important part of our community.
Animals are an important part of the complex relationships within the reef community.
Animals are an important part of their lives, too.
Animals are an important source of food and fiber for clothing.
Animals are an integral part of our society.
Animals are an integral part of the African experience.
Animals are an integral part of the Earth's ecosystem.
Animals are an integral part of the process scientists use to find cures and treatments.
Animals are and used to be a source of food.
Animals are animals.
Animals are animals.
Animals are another favorite.
Animals are another important aspect of life science.
Animals are another key to survival.
Animals are approx.
Animals are as much a part of any given ecological system as are the plant species.
Animals are as smart as they have to be to earn their living.
Animals are as special as humans.
Animals are at extra risk of accidents, trauma, and escape during transfers.
Animals are at least as incredible and amazing as any alien species.
Animals are at the beginning of the road.
Animals are at the mercy of the weather, hunger and thirst.
Animals are at their most active early in the morning and late in the day.
Animals are at war with one another when they live in the same place and use the same food.
Animals are attacked by predators.
Animals are autotrophic, and fungi are heterotrophic.
Animals are available for adoption at minimal fees.
Animals are available for adoption at the shelter.
Animals are available for adoption during regular kennel hours and various special promotions.
Animals are available for adoption every day.
Animals are available for adoption for a small fee.
Animals are available for all sizes and abilities of children.
Animals are available for both noninvasive and invasive research studies.
Animals are available through pet shops and breeders.
Animals are 'awake' for some hours each day or night.
Animals are aware of human emotions.
Animals are aware of thunder in the air.
Animals are aware.
Animals are bands.
Animals are beautiful creatures .
Animals are beings with feelings who are capable of understanding and awareness.
Animals are beings.
Animals are better than people.
Animals are bilaterally symmetrical with dorso-ventrally flattened bodies.
Animals are biologically prepared to make some associations easier than others.
Animals are biologically similar to humans.
Animals are blanked according to similarities.
Animals are body and soul only.
Animals are born as small forms which later grow and reach adulthood.
Animals are both eurkaryotic, multicellular, and heterotrophic.
Animals are both unpredictable with needs that are always changing.
Animals are busy preparing for winter hibernation.
Animals are by nature promiscuous.
Animals are called as heterotrophs and they exhibit heterotrophic nutrition.
Animals are called consumers, because they use the oxygen that is produced by plants.
Animals are called consumers.
Animals are capable of attacks.
Animals are capable of bathes.
Animals are capable of bites.
Animals are capable of cognitive learning.
Animals are capable of complex and rapid movements and they develop from embryos like plants.
Animals are capable of drinks.
Animals are capable of eating.
Animals are capable of flies.
Animals are capable of gays.
Animals are capable of lives.
Animals are capable of males.
Animals are capable of mammals.
Animals are capable of moves.
Animals are capable of travel.
Animals are certainly a mystery.
Animals are characteristically multicellular heterotrophs whose cells lack cell walls .
Animals are chattels.
Animals are chemoheterotrophs.
Animals are classified as ectotherms or endotherms.
Animals are classified as mammals.
Animals are classified into four different categories by their eating habit.
Animals are clearly a joy, and a responsibility.
Animals are colonial or multicellular organisms with chondroitin cell walls.
Animals are combinations of many different cell tissues and organs.
Animals are coming out from under their rocks, They come from holes, dens, and caves.
Animals are companions, confidants and social lubricants.
Animals are compassionate and intelligent life with love.
Animals are compassionate and softhearted creatures.
Animals are competitive, especially when it comes to playground games.
Animals are confined to certain habitats by barriers.
Animals are conscious.
Animals are consumers , they feed on the primary producers or on other consumers.
Animals are consumers .
Animals are consumers and usually occupy the middle or top of the food chain.
Animals are consumers.
Animals are cool.
Animals are creatures of habit and find great comfort in routine.
Animals are creatures of habit and use the same trails over and over again.
Animals are creatures of habit who prefer to keep to the same routine.
Animals are creatures that are born, grow up and die.
Animals are deformed and nuclear waste flows into a river.
Animals are dependent on plant or plant products or other animals for food.
Animals are dependent on plants for food and habitat.
Animals are dependent on what they find in their natural environment. . . .
Animals are dependent upon plants which are dependent upon nutrients and on and on.
Animals are diploid, eukaryotic and multicellular.
Animals are dirty.
Animals are divided into groups and counted.
Animals are divided into vertebrates and invertebrates.
Animals are domesticated when their breeding and living conditions are controlled by humans.
Animals are dumb and tasty.
Animals are dumb, they snort and grunt.
Animals are eaten by animals.
Animals are eaten by other animals.
Animals are edibles.
Animals are eligible for nomination in categories such as most pampered pet.
Animals are entertaining and funny.
Animals are eukaryotic, multicellular, and heterotrophic.
Animals are euthanized after being used in a experiment.
Animals are euthanized in the shelters, that much is true.
Animals are even more scarce.
Animals are ever so psychic.
Animals are everywhere in the countryside and few look well.
Animals are everywhere.
Animals are evolved from ancestors.
Animals are evolved from ancestral protists.
Animals are evolved from animals.
Animals are evolved from evolution.
Animals are evolved from organisms.
Animals are exemplary teachers of simple appreciation.
Animals are experts on love.
Animals are extinct in the wild largely due to loss of habitat.
Animals are extremely perceptive.
Animals are extremely responsive to flower essences.
Animals are extremely sensitive to noise and are easily frightened or spooked.
Animals are extremely territorial.
Animals are family and disciplining someone else s family member can result in violence.
Animals are family and disciplining someone else's family member can result in violence.
Animals are far more susceptible.
Animals are fascinating, in part because of their variety in appearance and behavior.
Animals are feared when first seen.
Animals are fed, man eats, and intelligent man knows how to eat.
Animals are few and far between.
Animals are films.
Animals are food sources for other animals.
Animals are food.
Animals are for eating.
Animals are found in all climates from the coldest to the hottest.
Animals are found in different habitats.
Animals are found near sources.
Animals are free from mental blocks, doubt, skeptiscism, placebo effects, and mental interferences.
Animals are free to move about their home cage while being monitored.
Animals are free to roam, protected by stringent legislation.
Animals are frequently available for sale.
Animals are frequently very well-adapted to the habitats in which they live.
Animals are full of amazing discoveries.
Animals are fully active and their young are feeding and growing.
Animals are fully emotional beings that experience joy, sorrow, stress, etc.
Animals are fun to be with every day.
Animals are fun to be with.
Animals are fun.
Animals Are Funny.
Animals are generally more complex structurally.
Animals are generally solitary.
Animals are good to think and good to prohibit.
Animals are good.
Animals are great companions.
Animals are great mirrors of our inner self.
Animals are great teachers and motivators of learning.
Animals are great therapy for young and old alike.
Animals are great to inspire early learning.
Animals are great.
Animals are groceries.
Animals are grouped, or classified, by similar characteristics.
Animals are harvested for meat.
Animals are helpless like children.
Animals are here for our use and abuse.
Animals are here to be enjoyed and observed.
Animals are here to serve people.
Animals are heterotrophic, and fungi are autotrophic.
Animals are heterotrophic.
Animals are heterotrophs and require food for fuel, carbon skeletons and essential nutrients.
Animals are heterotrophs, feeding on plants, other animals, or organic matter.
Animals are heterotrophs, obtaining their energy from the ingestion of other organisms.
Animals are heterotrophs, or other-feeders.
Animals are heterotrophs.
Animals are heterotrophs.
Animals are highly diverse.
Animals are highly susceptible to heat exhaustion, which can be fatal.
Animals are hy- droids, crabs, sea anemones, sea blubber, boring snails, and mussels.
Animals are important even though they are different from humans.
Animals are important sentinels, or forewarners, of ecosystem change.
Animals are important to the desert plant community.
Animals are in competition with each other.
Animals are in general less complex.
Animals are in individual pens until after weaning when they are moved into small groups.
Animals are in the background, including rats and two monkeys.
Animals are in the exact same situation now.
Animals are incapable of intentionally making themselves sick .
Animals are incapable of it.
Animals are incapable of photosynthesis.
Animals are indispensable to unraveling the medical mysteries that still plague our society.
Animals are inefficient energy converters.
Animals are infectious as soon as they show clinical signs.
Animals are innocent, whatever they do, because they have no conscious desire to achieve or become.
Animals are inside environments.
Animals are inside forests.
Animals are inside habitats.
Animals are inside regions.
Animals are irritable, their heart beat is irregular, and there is severe kidney damage.
Animals are just as capable of love, compassion, pain and suffering as humans.
Animals are just as important as people.
Animals are just as scarce.
Animals are just as vulnerable as humans and sometimes less discerning about what they chew.
Animals are just like people and they deserve to live.
Animals are just like people.
Animals are key players in myth.
Animals are killed by predators.
Animals are known as consumers.
Animals are known as vertebrates.
Animals are known to copy each other to learn how to behave.
Animals are largely unpredictable.
Animals are less active in hot weather, but the ocean is warmer for swimming.
Animals are less apt to roam.
Animals are less connected to their bodies than humans.
Animals are less likely to balk in chutes constructed with solid walls instead of fencing materials.
Animals are less stressed.
Animals are life forms, plants are life forms, people are life forms.
Animals are like children in many ways.
Animals are like humans in that they are creatures of habit.
Animals are like people in many ways.
Animals are like people who arrive at a party fashionably late.
Animals are like people.
Animals are likely to get much less copper, yet they make the large amounts of ascorbate.
Animals are located in cafes.
Animals are located in continents.
Animals are located in ecosystems.
Animals are located in fairgrounds.
Animals are located in fairs.
Animals are located in farms.
Animals are located in groups.
Animals are located in habitats.
Animals are located in hills.
Animals are located in laboratories.
Animals are located in meadows.
Animals are located in nature.
Animals are located in parks.
Animals are located in pet shops.
Animals are located in pet stores.
Animals are located in regions.
Animals are located in sea.
Animals are located in state parks.
Animals are located in woodlands.
Animals are located in zoos.
Animals are located on continents.
Animals are loose in the garden.
Animals are low in productivity and prone to a variety of diseases.
Animals are machines.
Animals are made mostly of proteins.
Animals are made of many cells and because they feed on other living or once living thing.
Animals are made up of cells, which is a purely morphological fact.
Animals are made up of many different cell types, each with specific functions in the body.
Animals are mammals.
Animals are many colors.
Animals are many sizes.
Animals are many-celled organisms that have specialized tissues and organs.
Animals are members of the opisthokonts.
Animals are mobile and have tissue specializiation.
Animals are mobile living forms.
Animals are monophyletic.
Animals are morally superior to human beings.
Animals are more accepting of tractors, ATVs, snowmobiles, etc., than humans.
Animals are more active when submerged due to the lower cost of moving on mucus when under water.
Animals are more active.
Animals are more content when isolated from the rest of the flock or herd.
Animals are more hygienic than human beings.
Animals are more important for methane emissions.
Animals are more important.
Animals are more likely to bloat on pure clover hay than clover-grass hay.
Animals are more likely to infect each other when they share a common watering and feeding place.
Animals are more or less self-contained units that grow and develop to predetermined forms.
Animals are more responsive to changes in their environment than plants.
Animals are more sensitive and fights break out between members of the group.
Animals are more susceptible to locoweed poisoning after they have once been affected.
Animals are more than food.
Animals are more than our best friends.
Animals are more versatile than humans are.
Animals are most active at the time of greatest change, such as at dawn or dusk.
Animals are most active in the early morning and early evening hours.
Animals are most agreeable friends.
Animals are most likely to infect animals of the same species.
Animals are mostly active at night.
Animals are mostly nocturnal.
Animals are mostly tree dwellers.
Animals are much better at understanding signals from humans than vice versa.
Animals are much less susceptible to parasitic fungi than are plants.
Animals are much more grateful for what they get.
Animals are much more straightforward then people, because when they re scared, they re scared.
Animals are muliticellular, heterotrophic organisms with a dominant diploid stage in the life cycle.
Animals are multi-celled organisms, eat food for survival, and have nervous systems.
Animals are multicellular and take in their food.
Animals are multicellular eukaryotes that lack cell walls.
Animals are multicellular heterotrophs that digest their food internally.
Animals are multicellular heterotrophs whose cells lack cell walls .
Animals are multicellular heterotrophs with cells that lack a cell wall.
Animals are multicellular organisms composed of eukaryotic cells.
Animals are multicellular prokaryotes.
Animals are multicellular, and they rely either directly or indirectly on other organisms for food.
Animals are multicellular, eukaryotic heterotrophs without cell walls.
Animals are multicellular, heterophic, eukaryotic organisms that lack cell walls.
Animals are multicellular, heterotrophic eukaryotes and obtain nutrients by ingestion.
Animals are multicellular, meaning they are made up of more than one cell.
Animals are multicellular, with different types of cells that carry out specialized functions.
Animals are multi-cellular.
Animals are naturally wary of new places.
Animals are necessary to define a food web.
Animals are necessary to medical research when it is impractical or unethical to use humans.
Animals are neither trespassers, vandals, nor thieves.
Animals are never inhuman.
Animals are nice and fuzzy.
Animals are nicer than people.
Animals are no different from humans.
Animals are no moral philosophers.
Animals are no more predictable than people.
Animals are normally good about breaks to eat or eliminate.
Animals are numerous in choir stall carvings, but only a few belong to the iconography of education.
Animals are obviously intelligent, and even choose in their way.
Animals are of a similar magnitude.
Animals are of great interest to all students.
Animals are of great natural interest to virtually all young children.
Animals are of mixed sexes and ages.
Animals are often fairly clear about who they like.
Animals are often important for dispersal of pollen and seeds.
Animals are often inconspicuous to man because of their habits and camouflage coloring.
Animals are often observant and perceptive.
Animals are often possessive of their food and feeding dishes.
Animals are on special diets.
Animals are on the move.
Animals are on the web site.
Animals are one of the few things that truly make people happy.
Animals are opportunistic.
Animals are opportunists too.
Animals are organisms that have ingestive metabolism.
Animals are organisms.
Animals are our best friends under construction.
Animals are our companions, friends, helpers, and guides.
Animals are our friends . . .
Animals are our friends.
Animals are our guides on that journey.
Animals are our passion.
Animals are our progenitors and our allies.
Animals are our teachers and healers.
Animals are parasites.
Animals are part of animals.
Animals are part of ecology.
Animals are part of ecosystems.
Animals are part of nature.
Animals are part of nature.
Animals are part of our environment too.
Animals are part of the living organism of the biosphere.
Animals are part of the Native American and other traditions.
Animals are part of the production line and factory farms are the norm.
Animals are particularly prone to infection and often require antibiotics to facilitate healing.
Animals are particularly useful agents in scattering the seeds of plants.
Animals are particularly vulnerable during the process of defecation.
Animals are people magnets.
Animals Are People Too Films featuring our furry friends in all their forms.
Animals are pets, they are raised as food and they provide products important to everyday life.
Animals are precious and the unconditional love they offer is a rare and wonderful gift.
Animals are precious as are human beings.
Animals are prepared for surgery.
Animals are pretty much straightforward.
Animals are primarily for eating, selling, or working.
Animals are primarily katabolic organisms.
Animals are prone to disease, some of which can be transferred to humans.
Animals are property to be possessed, cultivated, or disposed of as their human owners see fit.
Animals are property with basically no rights.
Animals are pure spirit.
Animals are quite diverse.
Animals are raised on genetically modified soy diet.
Animals are rather reckless in their use of proteins.
Animals are really receptive and happy to communicate.
Animals are regenerating and trees are generating systems.
Animals are relatively small such as foxes, badgers and deer.
Animals are reluctant to enter a dark enclosure, but calm down when they are in one.
Animals are reluctant to walk.
Animals are replaceable.
Animals are resident on four sites.
Animals are samples but are for sale.
Animals are scarce enough to make manufacturing animoids a common industry.
Animals are seen to rub against each other and touch trunks.
Animals are sensitive to many things such as noise and light.
Animals are sensitive to relevant stimuli in their environments.
Animals are sentient beings and can experience pain as much as man does.
Animals are sentient beings.
Animals are sentient creatures that deserve the same consideration as humans.
Animals are sentinent beings.
Animals are simple minded in giving their love and expecting almost nothing in return.
Animals are singles.
Animals are smart in their own restricted way.
Animals are so loving.
Animals are so much more appreciative than human beings.
Animals are so nonjudgmental.
Animals are so strange, the way they know things beyond knowing.
Animals are so trusting, giving and loving.
Animals are social beings.
Animals are social when being social represents a benefit.
Animals are solid objects.
Animals are solitary.
Animals are something invented by plants to move seeds around.
Animals are special in Colorado for a lot of reasons.
Animals are subject to an independent valuation prior to slaughter.
Animals are subject to both.
Animals are subject to dismemberment and death in staged dogfights and cockfights.
Animals are subject to frostbite the same as humans, especially the ears, paw pads and tails.
Animals are subject to the same natural laws as is all life that walks the earth.
Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions, they pass no criticism.
Animals are such agreeable friends - they ask no questions, they pass no criticisms.
Animals are such agreeable friends they ask no questions, they pass no criticisms.
Animals are such agreeable friends, they ask no questions, they pass no criticisms.
Animals are such agreeable friends.
Animals are such agreeable friends-they ask no questions, they pass no judgement.
Animals are such spiritual creatures.
Animals are superstitious.
Animals are survivors.
Animals are susceptible to drunken- ness in proportion to their intelligence.
Animals are the consumers of the food chain.
Animals are the consumers.
Animals are the essence of existence.
Animals are the first inhabitants of the mind's eye.
Animals are the heroes in most fables.
Animals are the ideal object of sympathy for people who have given up on the human race.
Animals are the instructors, showing the truth, lighting the way.
Animals are the main characters.
Animals are the main source of the bacteria that cause yersiniosis.
Animals are the main source of yersinia.
Animals are the main source of yersiniosis.
Animals are the major hosts for the virus.
Animals are the moral equivalent of humans.
Animals are the most complex organisms on Earth.
Animals are the most diverse of the kingdoms.
Animals are the most obvious targets for that communication.
Animals are the new proletariat.
Animals are the nouns that act, and flowers are adjectives to keep things interesting.
Animals are the number one key to starting science.
Animals are the only living things to have conquered the air.
Animals are the prime example of such systems.
Animals are the product of millions of years of evolutionary refinement.
Animals are the same.
Animals are the second important component of the focus groups.
Animals are the second important component of the workshop.
Animals are the second leading cause of injury on Iowa farms.
Animals are the subjects of our photographs.
Animals are the training wheels of humanity.
Animals are the ultimate consumers.
Animals are then divided up into genus and species.
Animals are there moose and caribou.
Animals are therefore fundamentally polygynous, as a result of being anisogamous.
Animals are thus important sentinels of environmental change.
Animals are to be confined to owners property or on a leash when out for a walk with owners.
Animals are to be leashed and under control when out in public areas.
Animals are to be observed daily to assess their health and welfare.
Animals are to be on leashes at all times.
Animals are to be shown in natural conformation and color.
Animals are to be tied in the yard or kept in a doghouse while outdoors to comply with state laws.
Animals are to some extent in the same predicament.
Animals are top priority.
Animals are transferred to feedlots where finishing performance and health information is collected.
Animals are truly amazing beings who have complex thoughts and emotions.
Animals are typically large and multi-cellular.
Animals are typically mobile and feed on plants , other animals, or their remains.
Animals are unaware that they are alive.
Animals are unique.
Animals are up for adoption to loving, caring homes.
Animals are up to date on vaccinations.
Animals are used by humans and lack the necessary awareness to become enlightened.
Animals are used by some plants to disperse seeds.
Animals are used for companionship.
Animals are used for food.
Animals are used for fur.
Animals are used for pets.
Animals are used for petting.
Animals are used for races.
Animals are used in many ways in the field of biotechnology.
Animals are useful for money laundering as well.
Animals are usually free range and fed a natural diet.
Animals are usually tolerant of others that they know in adjacent ranges.
Animals are vaccinated and observed rather than immediately destroyed.
Animals are vertebrates or invertebrates.
Animals are very abundant and diverse.
Animals are very afraid of thunder, lightning, and fireworks and often run out of fear.
Animals are very busy in .
Animals are very cautious - females constantly look around and shake ears.
Animals are very different in the way they care for their young.
Animals are very exciting.
Animals are very good at hiding it.
Animals are very important to the Saudi Arab lifestyle.
Animals are very inefficient converters of calories.
Animals are very sensitive to emotions.
Animals are very sensitive to our stress and tension.
Animals are very sensitive to tone of voice.
Animals are very unpredictable.
Animals are very vulnerable during sleep.
Animals are vulnerable during warm up period.
Animals are weird.
Animals are welcome with advance notice.
Animals are welcome.
Animals are well hidden in the bush.
Animals are wild and can be dangerous.
Animals are wild and unpredictable.
Animals are wild.
Animals are willing to survive.
Animals are wise and beautiful.
Animals are within their nature eating earth food.
Animals are without sin, yet are effected by the consequence of sin.
Animals are yearlings.
Animals are, in essence, mutated plants.
Animals arrive at their behavior from different circumstances.
Animals arrive here and all adoptions are processed here.
Animals arriving unexpectedly creates an emergency situation.
Animals assimilate and metabolize some plant carbon.
Animals assisting the blind, deaf or mobility impaired are the only exceptions.
Animals associate punishment with what they are doing the instant it is administered.
Animals associate punishment with what they're doing at the time they're being punished.
Animals attack at the throat and jugular vein.
Animals attain maturity.
Animals attain maximum weight.
Animals attain sexual maturity.
Animals attain weight.
Animals attract fleas.
Animals attract mates.
Animals attract mosquitoes.
Animals attract partners.
Animals attract predators.
Animals avoid people.
Animals battle each other tooth and claw for the privilege of mating.
Animals bear all expenses on an individual basis.
Animals become a focus, rather than a vehicle for approaching learning.
Animals become active, milling around and quivering if they contact another.
Animals become dependent on the exact same drugs as humans do.
Animals become disoriented and find themselves isolated.
Animals become dull and have high fever.
Animals become easy prey.
Animals become emaciated with fluid diarrhea and develop bottle jaw.
Animals become extinct for different reasons.
Animals become fat and lazy after spaying or neutering.
Animals become fat and lazy from being overfed and under exercised.
Animals become fat and lazy.
Animals become food sources.
Animals become food.
Animals become healthier, grow faster and stronger, and fewer die from disease.
Animals become lethargic, which is an owner s first clue to get help.
Animals become more resistant with age, though resistance is never complete.
Animals become more unsettled as they feel pain, such as that from a vaccination.
Animals become obese for the same reasons people do.
Animals become parents.
Animals become pests.
Animals become pets.
Animals become prey.
Animals become quiet and an uneasy anticipation wells up in the observers.
Animals become recumbent, there is paralysis of respiratory muscles.
Animals become restless and irritable and are hyperresponsive to auditory and visual stimuli.
Animals become sources.
Animals become startled by loud noises and cry out if injured.
Animals become unnaturally dependent.
Animals become upset when a person is inside their personal space and they are unable to move away.
Animals beg for food.
Animals begin as one fertilized egg.
Animals begin by being bred in intensive, semi-intensive or extensive systems.
Animals begin colonization of land.
Animals begin insects.
Animals begin life.
Animals behave according to instinct.
Animals behave economically.
Animals behave in a variety of ways which enhance their chances of survival and reproduction.
Animals being poached are bear , musk deer , tiger etc. .
Animals being poached are bear, musk deer, tiger etc.
Animals belong to a number of different groups, starting with the animal kingdom.
Animals belong to different groups based on certain characteristics.
Animals belong to genus.
Animals belong to the kingdom Animalia.
Animals belong to the largest and most diverse of the five kingdoms of living things.
Animals belong to the state and have the state's protection.
Animals belong to their own Kingdom as do bacteria.
Animals belonging to canceled projects are to be transferred to other zoos or sold.
Animals benefit from a reduction in disease and injury by being less intensively reared.
Animals benefit from animal research as well.
Animals benefit from diets.
Animals benefit others in very curious ways.
Animals bite and attack humans.
Animals bite objects.
Animals break down barriers.
Animals break down carbohydrates during metabolism to release energy.
Animals break down organic molecules as a source of energy.
Animals breathe air.
Animals breathe air.
Animals breathe differently than plants.
Animals breathe in oxygen and breathe out carbon dioxide.
Animals breathe in oxygen and they breathe out carbon dioxide.
Animals breathe in oxygen and use it to extract energy from food.
Animals breathe in oxygen from the air.
Animals breathe in oxygen, and breathe out carbon dioxide.
Animals breathe in oxygen, eat food, and exhale carbon dioxide.
Animals breathe it.
Animals breathe out waste carbon dioxide, other waste substances leave the body in urine and sweat.
Animals breathe out water and carbon dioxide molecules that the plants use.
Animals breathe out what plants breathe in.
Animals breathe oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide which the plants breathe.
Animals breathe, eat, drink, defecate, sleep, procreate, live, and die just like humans do.
Animals breed during the rainy season in the wild.
Animals breed only within their species.
Animals bring food.
Animals bring out our nurturing instinct.
Animals bring out the best in kids.
Animals bring tourists to Kenya, and tourism has become a major economic boost for the country.
Animals browse leaves.
Animals build nests to protect their eggs, their offspring, or themselves from danger.
Animals build structures for different functions.
Animals burrow in soft rock to allow water to penetrate and erode.
Animals burrowing or moving through cracks can break rock.
Animals bury eggs.
Animals call the understory home for a variety of reasons.
Animals can , and do , show bright colours which have other functions .
Animals can act in a goal-directed way without much emotion.
Animals can adapt in changes in the environment if they have a high gene pool.
Animals can adapt to different circumstances, also.
Animals can adapt to farm environments but there are many factors that influence behavior.
Animals can add stability to the farm and also utilize crop residues.
Animals can adjust to higher than recommended levels of nitrates if they are introduced gradually.
Animals can also actively seek out and request sexual release from a human partner.
Animals can also be carriers for viruses.
Animals can also be carriers.
Animals can also be overweight.
Animals can also become disoriented when there is snow or ice on the ground.
Animals can also carry diseases, disabling and deadly to humans.
Animals can also develop a fever and become lame.
Animals can also experience problems of overachieving weight thresholds.
Animals can also gain nutrition from the water they drink.
Animals can also help plant reproduction by dispersing seeds around in different areas.
Animals can also provide an emotional outlet.
Animals can also receive radiant heat burns or sunburns.
Animals can also see light .
Animals can also see light.
Animals can also serve as therapists.
Animals can also suffer skin burns if fallout settles in the coat.
Animals can also take nutrients out of a wetland ecosys- tem.
Animals can also take on the vocabulary and speech habits of their owners.
Animals can also transmit diseases from one human to another.
Animals can always live without humans.
Animals can and do come and go but, by and large, the population is very stable.
Animals can appear coloured due to two mechanisms, pigments and structural colours .
Animals can appear in science fiction and fantasy in a number of ways.
Animals can avoid becoming someone's dinner by running or hiding.
Animals can be a major cause of damage to young trees.
Animals can be an important source of companionship and enjoyment.
Animals can be an incredible support.
Animals can be any mass within a range.
Animals can be beloved companions or eaten for a meal.
Animals can be bored, depressed and listless.
Animals can be carnivores, herbivores, or omnivores in their eating strategies.
Animals can be carriers of the bacteria even though they show no clincal symptoms of the disease.
Animals can be dangerous when cornered.
Animals can be different, with different sensitivities and tolerances.
Animals can be either bilaterally or radially symmetrical.
Animals can be especially stoic.
Animals can be expensive members of the family.
Animals can be great indicators of environmental health.
Animals can be incredible teachers.
Animals can be infectious for several days before exhibiting signs of the disease.
Animals can be just as good friends as humans.
Animals can be just as good friends as people.
Animals can be monoecious, where individuals have functional male and female parts at the same time.
Animals can be primary and secondary or secondary and tertiary consumers.
Animals can be red too.
Animals can be reservoirs for important foodborne and waterborne infections.
Animals can be sunburned, so don t shave off their fur.
Animals can be the same shape or color.
Animals can be unpredictable.
Animals can be very creative when it comes to satisfying their curiosity.
Animals can be vital links to our health and sense of well being.
Animals can become aggressive and difficult to handle when scared or injured.
Animals can become as family members to their owners.
Animals can become bored or depressed in an environment where there is nothing to do.
Animals can become confused and frightened during a move.
Animals can become dependent on handouts of food and lose their fear of humans.
Animals can become disoriented in snow and sleet and get lost.
Animals can become ill or die.
Animals can become infected in the spring, summer or fall.
Animals can become more dependent on supplemental foods and less on native forage.
Animals can become quite upset if separated.
Animals can bunch in defensive formation.
Animals can care so much about offering help that they forget their own danger.
Animals can carry and spread infectious diseases to people.
Animals can carry disease, especially rabies.
Animals can carry diseases like rabies and the UK is currently rabies free.
Animals can carry fungus, bacteria, and parasites such as ticks and fleas.
Animals can carry infectious agents without showing overt illness.
Animals can carry Listeria monocytogenes in their intestines without becoming sick.
Animals can cause damage in the environment when their numbers become great.
Animals can cause objectionable odors.
Animals can change their behavior to get food when sources of food change.
Animals can change their hair so they look bigger, or more threatening.
Animals can come and drink from the water.
Animals can consent to sex with a human partner.
Animals can contact diseases during transport.
Animals can contract the disease by eating infected animals or parts of infected animals.
Animals can contract zoonotic infections from undercooked or raw meats or eggs.
Animals can demonstrate ways to handle almost any situation.
Animals can destroy bark and roots.
Animals can determine time of day from their circadian clocks.
Animals can develop breast cancer.
Animals can die from temperature change shock.
Animals can die from the digestive problems before they ever show signs of hoof problems.
Animals can die if they are unable to eat or nurse because of the sore mouth.
Animals can die of stress.
Animals can die when strangled in six-pack rings or from eating litter.
Animals can die within a few hours of initial ingestion of a high nitrate feed.
Animals can die within weeks to months after symptoms appear.
Animals can disperse plant seeds in several ways, all named zoochory.
Animals can easily learn to link a sound with an object or an effect with a cause.
Animals can eat contaminated plants, drink contaminated water, or breathe contaminated air.
Animals can eat contaminated plants.
Animals can eat parts of the plant and use the food for energy to carry out their activities.
Animals can eat too much and become sick.
Animals can eat trash and die, or they can get entangled in it and become injured.
Animals can even communicate geometric information.
Animals can express themselves.
Animals can feed on the tree shoots.
Animals can feel happiness, too.
Animals can feel pain just like humans.
Animals can feel.
Animals can forage for food on the islands, but they are also provisioned.
Animals can freeze in cold temperatures.
Animals can get away from fire.
Animals can get frostbite and hypothermia just like people do.
Animals can get into our homes, garages or sheds and over time leave quite a bit of odor.
Animals can get into scraps too.
Animals can get jealous or otherwise view the new baby as a threat.
Animals can get lonely when left at home alone.
Animals can get lonely when left home alone.
Animals can get sick from bad food as easily as humans.
Animals can get sick.
Animals can glide through the air.
Animals can graze normal, fresh leaves from the tree without harm.
Animals can greatly accelerate the vertical transport of organic matter.
Animals can grow only in mass, and when they reach their maximum size, there is no further growth.
Animals can have a considerably wider hearing range than humans.
Animals can have conflict.
Animals can have devastate effects.
Animals can have different live weights but similar body condition scores.
Animals can have effects.
Animals can have guilty feelings.
Animals can have hypertension.
Animals can have multi-purpose eyes.
Animals can have severe hypertension.
Animals can have sex.
Animals can have the bacteria without being sick and can pass the bacteria to meats and dairy foods.
Animals can hear much higher frequencies.
Animals can help spread seeds in several ways.
Animals can help with both.
Animals can improve the lives of people when they are used to help with daily chores.
Animals can inflict serious injuries to humans and to themselves as a result of improper handling.
Animals can inflict serious, even fatal, injuries by biting.
Animals can ingest the beneficial bacteria in feed or drinking water.
Animals can jump and play with their trainers.
Animals can languish in traps for days.
Animals can learn almost any relationship between events.
Animals can learn new strategies to avoid predators when faced with a novel form of predation.
Animals can live there only by virtue of the food resources of the surrounding ocean.
Animals can love.
Animals can make copies too.
Animals can migrate long distances, especially when impelled to do so by imminent weather changes.
Animals can mistake plastic debris for food, which can be deadly.
Animals can move around.
Animals can move from one place to another in order to escape from adverse climatic conditions.
Animals can move from one place to another.
Animals can move from place to place, while plants can only move their own parts.
Animals can move in one or more different ways.
Animals can move through the audience trying to get everyone to sing along.
Animals can mysteriously disappear, leaving people to face death by starvation.
Animals can now have their genetic makeup altered to serve as a tool for corporate profit.
Animals can often reach people when human relationships are difficult.
Animals can only absorb organic nitrogen, mostly as amino acids and protein.
Animals can only assimilate organic nitrogen which they obtain by eating plants and other animals.
Animals can only choose to be animals.
Animals can only get worms from becoming infected with the immature forms of the worms.
Animals can only perceive and react.
Animals can only think, but man can think and reason.
Animals can only travel to an assembly centre under permit.
Animals can only utilize the already built-up proteins, fats and carbohydrates.
Animals can operate inexpensive nose-pumps to get water.
Animals can outrun it or burrow into the ground.
Animals can perceive energy on various levels.
Animals can permit the elderly person to be alone, but without being lonely.
Animals can permit the older adult to be alone, without being lonely.
Animals can pick up some diseases from humans.
Animals can produce multiple times.
Animals can produce Vit D if they are exposed to sunlight.
Animals can profoundly affect characteristics of desert soils.
Animals can put themselves into a deep sleep for as long as several months.
Animals can quickly adapt to changing environmental conditions that impact their food supply.
Animals can reach an island traveling on logs or other objects floating in the ocean.
Animals can receive heat from warm surfaces or lose it to cold surfaces.
Animals can reduce the loneliness and boredom of the hospital setting.
Animals can regenerate major body parts like a tail.
Animals can reproduce creating offspring of their own kind.
Animals can reproduce either asexually or sexually.
Animals can respond very quickly to the healing energy of crystals and stones.
Animals can restore our wonder and develop our belief in possibilities, dreams, and magic.
Animals can reveal character.
Animals can run very fast.
Animals can see, in the fullest sense of the word.
Animals can sense changes.
Animals can shed the bacteria for months to years following recovery from infection.
Animals can signal to each other.
Animals can smell better than they can see.
Animals can smell fear.
Animals can speaks in human tongue, witches and monsters exist and spirits take various forms.
Animals can spread most types of ringworm to humans.
Animals can spread viable seeds after ingestion.
Animals can survive only in environments in which their needs can be met.
Animals can swallow or get entangled in many of the litter items people leave in the environment.
Animals can' t choose.
Animals can t count but they sure can multiply.
Animals can t help themselves and so people feel compelled to do that.
Animals can teach people things.
Animals can teach.
Animals can tell each other things without saying a word.
Animals can then adapt to higher levels.
Animals can transmit poison ivy if they have resin on their fur.
Animals can transport plant seeds by their mouths, or by seeds getting stuck in their fur.
Animals can typically defecate without assistance.
Animals can use bioluminescence for a variety of reasons.
Animals can use either organic or inorganic phosphate.
Animals can use learning to change a behavior.
Animals can use leaves or plant material to construct a burrow, den, or nest.
Animals can use only the organic foods stored away by plants.
Animals can use speed as a very effective means of escaping predators.
Animals can usually sense things about their environment quickly, an earthquake, an illness, a move.
Animals can utilize molecular oxygen to create a great amount of energy for their life.
Animals can void normally if only one ureter is ectopic.
Animals can, and do, show bright colours which have other functions.
Animals can, too, they suspect.
Animals capture their attention.
Animals care for their offspring.
Animals caress with their tongues because they have no hands.
Animals carry bacteria.
Animals carry cat fleas.
Animals carry different and varied intelligences.
Animals carry diseases.
Animals carry fleas.
Animals carry food.
Animals carry genes.
Animals carry offspring.
Animals carry organisms.
Animals carry other types of virus.
Animals carry parasites.
Animals carry rabies viruses.
Animals carry salmonellas.
Animals carry seeds when they rub up against a tree.
Animals carry viruses.
Animals catch food.
Animals cause only minor damage in alder stands.
Animals cause problems.
Animals cavort to lively music.
Animals certainly display astonishing patterns of behaviour.
Animals change heptachlor to the epoxide Plants can take up heptachlor from the soil.
Animals change over time.
Animals change their behaviors such as reproduction, hibernation, and migration based on the season.
Animals change their diets because they have to be ready for seasonal changes in availability.
Animals change their hemoglobins during development.
Animals charge across the ceiling, shake their manes, raise their tails or lay crouched.
Animals chase mice.
Animals chase rabbits.
Animals check in, check out, and the world keeps on spinning.
Animals chew food.
Animals chew straw.
Animals chew vegetation.
Animals choose mates.
Animals clearly display affection.
Animals clearly do have some sort of value.
Animals Click HERE to learn more about animals.
Animals Click on an image to enlarge it.
Animals Click on pictures to see enlarged view.
Animals Click on the image to view in more detail.
Animals Click on the name of the animal to see the picture.
Animals Click on thumbnails to see the actual background.
Animals climb the trees and walk on forest floor causing seed to fall or move.
Animals climb up trees and from the forest heights watch the floods carrying machines away.
Animals close nostrils.
Animals closely resemble their parents.
Animals collect food.
Animals collect fruit that easily attach to their fur and skin, when they pass near the plant.
Animals come along and dig it up bringing it to our lungs.
Animals come and go, live and die.
Animals come first on cattle ranches and farms around the country.
Animals come from animals.
Animals come from continents.
Animals come from countries.
Animals come from earth.
Animals come from ecosystems.
Animals come from families.
Animals come from habitats.
Animals come from regions.
Animals come in a variety of sizes.
Animals come in contact.
Animals come in for a polish and scale and the majority have a bad tooth that needs to be removed.
Animals come in many shapes and sizes.
Animals come in so cute, cuddly and precious.
Animals come in various shapes, sizes, and colors.
Animals come in.
Animals come into being through vapours raised by the sun.
Animals come into heat when they reach puberty.
Animals come into heat.
Animals come into our lives in so many ways.
Animals come into seasons.
Animals come into territory.
Animals come out of hibernation.
Animals come to clean water.
Animals come to water.
Animals commonly destroy growing crops and foods stores and loss of human life is all too common.
Animals commonly develop bad habits after long periods of isolation.
Animals communicate by using elementary sign languages.
Animals communicate directly with feeling and intention.
Animals communicate in pictures, feelings, emotions and concepts.
Animals communicate telepathically through pictures, words, feelings and emotions.
Animals communicate through frequecny just as everything on the planet does.
Animals communicate through telepathy all the time.
Animals communicate using visual, auditory, chemical, tactile, and electrical signals.
Animals communicate with many sounds, actions, and cues as well.
Animals compete for food and space.
Animals compete for food.
Animals compete for mates as well.
Animals compete for mates.
Animals compete for resources.
Animals compete for territory, for food, and for mates.
Animals compete mainly for food and space to live.
Animals compete poorly with humans for space.
Animals compete when animals that compete have the most offspring.
Animals compose a zoo.
Animals comprise a zoo.
Animals comprise one of the kingdom s of living organisms.
Animals confiscate energy when plants are consumed.
Animals congregate at the waterholes left over from the rainy season.
Animals congregate in the garden next door.
Animals conserve energy.
Animals conserve heat.
Animals conserve or dissipate heat in a variety of ways.
Animals constantly work to repel unwelcome invaders such as viruses, bacteria, and fungi, and worms.
Animals consume a wide variety of fruits, and in so doing disperse the seeds in their droppings.
Animals consume animal prey.
Animals consume blood.
Animals consume bugs.
Animals consume certain plants.
Animals consume diets.
Animals consume energy.
Animals consume foliage.
Animals consume food.
Animals consume fruit.
Animals consume kgs.
Animals consume only one food at a time.
Animals consume organisms.
Animals consume oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide.
Animals consume plants.
Animals consume prey.
Animals consume products.
Animals consume proteins.
Animals consume raw diets.
Animals consume salmonella from the soil or contaminated processed feed.
Animals consume salt in a narrow and predictable range.
Animals consume solid food.
Animals consume vegetation.
Animals consume water.
Animals consume zooplankton.
Animals contain cholesterol.
Animals contain dietary cholesterol.
Animals contain nutrients.
Animals contain plant nutrients.
Animals contain toxins.
Animals contaminate vegetables indirectly by the use of manure-based fertilizers.
Animals continue to be born, die, arrive and depart.
Animals continue to be returned to the Southwest Desert building following renovation.
Animals continue to receive regular vaccinations on schedule while at the shelter.
Animals continue to receive supplementation at pasture.
Animals contract the spores while grazing.
Animals control body temperature.
Animals control predators.
Animals control temperature.
Animals convert some of it into mechanical energy.
Animals convert sunlight that is stored in the forage plants they eat.
Animals cool themselves primarily by panting and through water evaporation from the skin.
Animals cooperate with each other in order to increase their own fitness .
Animals cope with conditions.
Animals cope with dry conditions.
Animals cope with life.
Animals cost money to buy, feed, and care for.
Animals cough or sneeze.
Animals create and maintain grazing patches.
Animals create cold weather habitats.
Animals Create of list of animals.
Animals create problems.
Animals create sensation.
Animals create serious problems.
Animals create, yes, but automatically.
Animals cross pasture.
Animals cross roads.
Animals cross streams.
Animals cry out, chanters dance around leaping flames under the night sky.
Animals damage crops.
Animals damage habitats.
Animals deal with death differently than people.
Animals deal with winter cold in a variety of marvelous ways.
Animals decorate the roof tops.
Animals defend food, mates, and offspring.
Animals defend territory.
Animals demonstrate behavior.
Animals demonstrate dangerous behavior.
Animals demonstrate evidence.
Animals depend on air.
Animals depend on communication for their social interactions.
Animals depend on diets.
Animals depend on ecosystems.
Animals depend on external sources.
Animals depend on food.
Animals depend on forests.
Animals depend on grassland.
Animals depend on ground.
Animals depend on habitats.
Animals depend on krill.
Animals depend on native plants.
Animals depend on nutrients.
Animals depend on odors secreted from their bodies to communicate.
Animals depend on one another for survival.
Animals depend on other living things for food.
Animals depend on pasture.
Animals depend on people.
Animals depend on plants and other animals for food.
Animals depend on plants for both energy and nutrients.
Animals depend on plants for carbon dioxide through photosynthesis.
Animals depend on plants for their food i.e. indirectly they depend on sunlight.
Animals depend on plants for their food.
Animals depend on plants.
Animals depend on pond plants.
Animals depend on sources.
Animals depend on specific habitats for food, water, shelter and space.
Animals depend on their behaviors to survive.
Animals depend on water.
Animals depend upon plants for survival.
Animals deposit dungs.
Animals descend from animals.
Animals descend from relatives.
Animals deserve a life.
Animals deserve a little spoiling while their humans are away.
Animals deserve as much respect as human subjects.
Animals deserve decent treatment.
Animals deserve far more respect than they currently get.
Animals deserve our respect.
Animals deserve rights, too.
Animals deserve the exact same rights as people to be free from harm and exploitation.
Animals deserve to be free and many people passing on the highway agreed.
Animals deserve to be treated with respect, dead or alive.
Animals deserve to live in humane conditions.
Animals desire eats.
Animals destroy desert plants.
Animals destroy electrical wiring, phone, cable, computer lines and security systems.
Animals destroy fruit.
Animals destroy many desert plants.
Animals destroy plants.
Animals detect certain events.
Animals detect events.
Animals detect movement.
Animals detect pheromones via a special organ located in the septum that divides the nose.
Animals detect presence.
Animals detect sunlight changes during the seasons and set their internal clocks.
Animals detect tension.
Animals develop a craving for the plant.
Animals develop behavior.
Animals develop behaviour.
Animals develop conditions.
Animals develop deficiencies.
Animals develop dietary habits.
Animals develop either two or three embryonic germs layers .
Animals develop evolution.
Animals develop fevers.
Animals develop follicles.
Animals develop habits.
Animals develop jaws.
Animals develop lower jaws.
Animals develop lungs.
Animals develop mature follicles.
Animals develop mechanisms.
Animals develop muscles.
Animals develop organs.
Animals develop physical adaptations to avoid interaction with predators.
Animals develop preferences for foods that correct deficiencies.
Animals develop prehensile tails.
Animals develop regulate mechanisms.
Animals develop salmonella infections when their immune defenses are lowered.
Animals develop senses.
Animals develop skills.
Animals develop skin.
Animals develop special organs.
Animals develop strong jaws.
Animals develop structures.
Animals develop tails.
Animals develop tissue.
Animals devote a large portion of their lives to minimizing the effects of stress and pain.
Animals die as a consequence of a successful hunt.
Animals die every day because of our litter.
Animals die from causes.
Animals die from natural causes.
Animals die in habitats.
Animals die of causes.
Animals die of diseases.
Animals die of natural causes.
Animals die there, of course.
Animals die when touched by a predator.
Animals die with little or no warning.
Animals die young in the wild as they are subject to natural controls that are missing in captivity.
Animals die, become extinct For vanity and profit.
Animals die, people get sick.
Animals differ also in that they obtain energy by eating.
Animals differ in many ways.
Animals differ in the type of rewards they are willing to work for.
Animals differ in their ability to adapt with change.
Animals differ in their intellectual, emotional development.
Animals differ in visual acuity.
Animals dig burrows to live in .
Animals dig burrows to live in.
Animals dig burrows.
Animals dig holes.
Animals dig it up.
Animals dig up buried trash.
Animals digest cellulose.
Animals digest food.
Animals digest milk sugar.
Animals digest sugar.
Animals disappear slowly into their warm holes.
Animals discriminate among foods by flavor.
Animals dislike the smell of perfume odours on their coats.
Animals disperse red elderberry seeds in late summer or fall.
Animals display aggressive behavior.
Animals display an amazing array of styles and arts, and yet there is no central director.
Animals display behavior.
Animals display concentration.
Animals display differences.
Animals display memory.
Animals display patterns.
Animals display urinary concentration.
Animals divide up the environment in complex ways.
Animals divides down the middle and are the same on both sides.
Animals do bring a lot of happiness to one's life.
Animals do change, but it takes dedicated work and lots of time.
Animals do come back.
Animals do create electricity, but it also made by metals reacting together.
Animals do feel pain and they do suffer to be killed for meat.
Animals do fight and kill each other, but never for mere entertainment.
Animals do have communities and get along with others.
Animals do have feelings and emotions.
Animals do have rights.
Animals do it all the time.
Animals do it.
Animals do many different, amazing things to get through the winter.
Animals do mating dances, display their plumage, fight vicious battles, and sniff butts.
Animals do nice and good things.
Animals do rear entry almost exclusively for quick reproduction.
Animals do reincarnate.
Animals do roles.
Animals do see angels and shaitan.
Animals do suffer in the wild.
Animals do that out of a sense of SELF-preservation.
Animals do that, they collect together.
Animals do things for their reasons.
Animals do what animals do.
Animals do what they want to do and what they are big enough to do with impunity.
Animals do whatever their instinct dictates.
Animals do wondrous things.
Animals dominate ecosystems.
Animals don t abort their children.
Animals don t always conform to schedules.
Animals don t have any freedom they re bribed with food and mistreated.
Animals don t lie.
Animals don t understand property lines.
Animals dont make their own food from energy in sunlight.
Animals drag a lot of moisture onto their bedding from every trip outside in snow.
Animals Drawing is a favorite activity of young children.
Animals drink body fluid.
Animals drink fluid.
Animals drink fresh water.
Animals drink milk.
Animals drink more water when sick.
Animals drink pond water.
Animals drink tap water.
Animals drink water and plants take water up through their roots.
Animals drink water.
Animals drink water.
Animals drool, run fevers, lose their apetites, stop producing milk and become very lame.
Animals dying from strychnine poisoning have rapid rigor mortis.
Animals eat a great variety of foods.
Animals eat a lot and take up a lot of resources .
Animals eat a lot and take up a lot of resources.
Animals eat algae.
Animals eat amphibians.
Animals eat and drink less.
Animals eat and get their food in different ways.
Animals eat animal flesh.
Animals eat animals, including humans.
Animals eat animals.
Animals eat corn, wheat and beans in the farm management game.
Animals eat daily food rations.
Animals eat daily rations.
Animals eat dead organic matter.
Animals eat decay matter.
Animals eat decompose plants.
Animals eat diets.
Animals eat each other.
Animals eat either plants or other animals.
Animals eat enough vegetable matter.
Animals eat fiber diets.
Animals eat fish.
Animals eat flesh.
Animals eat foliage.
Animals eat food rations.
Animals eat food.
Animals eat food.
Animals eat fruit.
Animals eat fruits at all stages, and excreted seeds appear to remain highly viable.
Animals eat grass and hay.
Animals eat grass.
Animals eat grasshoppers.
Animals eat hay.
Animals eat high fiber diets.
Animals eat insects.
Animals eat legume plants.
Animals eat live prey.
Animals eat mammals.
Animals eat many types of food.
Animals eat materials.
Animals eat matter.
Animals eat meals.
Animals eat meat.
Animals eat moldy food.
Animals eat more, and are more efficient.
Animals eat much of both.
Animals eat much of the food waste and other organic matter rots into the ground.
Animals eat natural diets.
Animals eat nutritious food.
Animals eat nutritious plants.
Animals eat one another.
Animals eat organic matter.
Animals eat organisms.
Animals eat other animals or animals eat plants.
Animals eat other animals to get the energy.
Animals eat other animals, incrementally accumulating pesticides in their systems.
Animals eat other animals.
Animals eat parasites.
Animals eat plant materials.
Animals eat plants and each other.
Animals eat plants and fix the carbon into themselves.
Animals eat plants and other animals for food.
Animals eat plants and so take in their nitrogen in the form of amino acids and nucleotides.
Animals eat plants for food . . . .
Animals eat plants for food.
Animals eat plants or other animals that have also eaten plants to satisfy energy needs.
Animals eat plants or other animals.
Animals eat plants to get their energy, and the plants get their energy by absorbing sunlight.
Animals eat plants to make energy.
Animals eat plants to obtain the energy trapped during photosynthesis.
Animals eat plants, and some eat other animals in the food chain.
Animals eat plants, which have made their own protein, and so digest the amino acids.
Animals eat plants.
Animals eat plants.
Animals eat prey.
Animals eat proteins.
Animals eat rations.
Animals eat raw meat.
Animals eat solid food.
Animals eat the bait and die.
Animals eat the carbon in plants and it is again breathed out.
Animals eat the crops and the cycle continues.
Animals eat the crops, and the cycle continues.
Animals eat the dead organisms, and then bacteria and fungi attack and decompose the remains.
Animals eat the fallen, softened fruits.
Animals eat the fruit and deposit the seeds in a new area.
Animals eat the grass, the spirit goes into the animal.
Animals eat the plants and are then eaten by other animals.
Animals eat the plants and convert the tissues into animal tissues.
Animals eat the plants and excrete ammonia in their waste products.
Animals eat the plants and make it part of their tissues.
Animals eat the plants and obtain the organic molecules during nutrition.
Animals eat the plants and so the energy is transferred to their bodies.
Animals eat the plants for food, spread the seed and fertilize the soil with their droppings.
Animals eat the plants or each other, die and decompose, freeing nutrients for plants again.
Animals eat the plants that have grown with the help of the sun.
Animals eat the plants.
Animals eat the producers or other animals.
Animals eat the seeds and their stomach acids weaken the seed coat.
Animals eat the seeds.
Animals eat the weirdest things.
Animals Eat The Weirdest Things.
Animals eat tissue.
Animals eat to get food , but green plants make their own food .
Animals eat to get food, but green plants make their own food.
Animals eat truffles.
Animals eat types.
Animals eat vegetable matter.
Animals eat vegetation.
Animals eat water plants.
Animals eat wrappers, cans, and bottle caps, destroying their digestive system.
Animals eat wrappers, cans, and bottle caps, destroying their digestive systems.
Animals eat, therefore they produce manure.
Animals eating raw food often have no enzymes at all in saliva, unlike humans.
Animals emerge from burrows.
Animals emerge from bushes.
Animals emerge from colonies.
Animals emerge from environments.
Animals emerge from hibernation.
Animals emit calls.
Animals emit odors, shed dander, slough skin, and make noise.
Animals employ different techniques to avoid capture when chased by a predator.
Animals employ dominant strategies.
Animals employ life cycle strategies.
Animals employ strategies.
Animals endure constant travel in cramped pens.
Animals endure excruciating pain in traps.
Animals engage in activities.
Animals engage in behavior.
Animals engage in external fertilization.
Animals engage in fertilization.
Animals engage in physical activities.
Animals enjoy life.
Animals enjoy meals.
Animals enjoy the freedom which is natural to animals.
Animals enjoy the sense world and conduct their lives to the best of their ability.
Animals enjoy using their brain, especially raccoons.
Animals enjoy water.
Animals enter burrows.
Animals enter environments.
Animals enter hibernation during winter to conserve energy by going into a deep sleep-like state.
Animals enter hibernation.
Animals enter into water and swim to the small island inwashed by the river near a coast.
Animals enter it and rummage and nest continually.
Animals enter only with known medical records and isolation.
Animals enter readily, heading for the breathing hole at the small end.
Animals enter shelter.
Animals enter stages.
Animals enter territory.
Animals enter the debate in a way that's very important.
Animals enter the unit and move toward the partially opened headbail gate.
Animals enter water.
Animals enter with known medical records but no isolation.
Animals entering and exiting the area fall into buckets, which researchers check daily.
Animals escape from forests.
Animals escape heat.
Animals escape predation.
Animals escape predators.
Animals escape the summer heat in different ways.
Animals essentially get a severe sunburn, and the skin on their ears and faces sloughs off.
Animals establish areas.
Animals establish dominance.
Animals even talk differently in different languages.
Animals evolve in order to better fit the ever changing environment that they live in.
Animals evolve over time.
Animals evolve through time.
Animals excrete it.
Animals excrete urea.
Animals excrete waste.
Animals excrete water by respiration and by passing urine.
Animals exhale Carbon dioxide for plants to breathe.
Animals exhale large quantities of moisture into the air.
Animals exhibit aggressive behavior when one of their resources is compromised.
Animals exhibit aggressive behavior.
Animals exhibit ancestry.
Animals exhibit behavior.
Animals exhibit breathe patterns.
Animals exhibit breed behavior.
Animals exhibit consciousness as evolution coils complexity upon complexity.
Animals exhibit edema, shock, and hemorrhage before death.
Animals exhibit eyes.
Animals exhibit features.
Animals exhibit groom behavior.
Animals exhibit growth.
Animals exhibit human qualities and behaviors.
Animals exhibit irregular breathe patterns.
Animals exhibit irregular patterns.
Animals exhibit many water balance adaptations.
Animals exhibit numerous features.
Animals exhibit outcomes.
Animals exhibit patterns.
Animals exhibit physical strength.
Animals exhibit reaction.
Animals exhibit reproduction.
Animals exhibit slow growth.
Animals exhibit strange behavior.
Animals exhibit strategies.
Animals exhibit symptoms.
Animals exhibit syndromes.
Animals exhibit two patterns for bringing sperm and eggs together.
Animals exhibit various levels of instinctual behavior.
Animals exhibit vegetative reproduction.
Animals exhibiting clinical signs have a poor prognosis because of renal involvement.
Animals exhibiting near-human behavior have hundred billion neuron nervous systems.
Animals exist in arctic wildernesses.
Animals exist in areas.
Animals exist in locations.
Animals exist in protect areas.
Animals exist in relative peace compared to the turbulent societies of man.
Animals exist in wildernesses.
Animals exist on earth.
Animals exist with both fewer and more types of cones.
Animals expect travel along game trails.
Animals expel air.
Animals expel dry air.
Animals expend energy.
Animals experience anemia and colic.
Animals experience bone pain.
Animals experience conditions.
Animals experience death.
Animals experience deep bone pain.
Animals experience deep pain.
Animals experience favorable conditions.
Animals experience herd life as opposed to stressful feed lot conditions.
Animals experience hunger, thirst, fear, illness, injury, and have very strong material instincts.
Animals experience hunger, thirst, fear, sickness, injury and strong maternal instincts.
Animals experience nutrition.
Animals experience pain.
Animals experience poor nutrition.
Animals experience reversals.
Animals experience stress as a result of shipping.
Animals exploit habitats.
Animals exposed to cold or hot winds can become stressed and much less productive.
Animals express anger at situations that also frustrate young children.
Animals expressing the beta-amyloid peptide are unhealthy and show a progressive paralysis.
Animals face extreme confinement and painful mutilations.
Animals face many of the same challenges for surviving in the Arctic.
Animals face situations.
Animals fall into three categories based on their diet.
Animals fall vic- tim to their own previous success.
Animals fascinate all children, whether furry, frisky or ferocious.
Animals fed by people become beggars.
Animals feed babies.
Animals feed in grass.
Animals feed in habitats.
Animals feed in lakes.
Animals feed in water.
Animals feed off the plants, or eat the animals that eat the plants.
Animals feed on animals.
Animals feed on aquatic plants.
Animals feed on bait.
Animals feed on dead plant matter.
Animals feed on decay matter.
Animals feed on decay organic matter.
Animals feed on decay organisms.
Animals feed on diets.
Animals feed on endanger plants.
Animals feed on foliage.
Animals feed on food.
Animals feed on fruit.
Animals feed on kinds.
Animals feed on leaves.
Animals feed on materials.
Animals feed on matter.
Animals feed on microscopic animals.
Animals feed on multicellular organisms.
Animals feed on one another and eventually die.
Animals feed on organic matter.
Animals feed on organisms.
Animals feed on other animals.
Animals feed on other organisms.
Animals feed on plants.
Animals feed on prey animals.
Animals feed on prey.
Animals feed on seeds and they trample plants, creating natural disturbances.
Animals feed on substances.
Animals feed on the plant passing the carbon compounds along the food chain.
Animals feed on the plants.
Animals feed on various substances.
Animals feed on whole animals.
Animals feed on whole prey animals.
Animals feed people and soils.
Animals feed plants.
Animals feed upon animals.
Animals feel and understand better when they know their boundaries.
Animals feel love and affection.
Animals feel love and joy just like people.
Animals feel love and kindness.
Animals feel pain.
Animals feel the same.
Animals feel threats.
Animals feel vibration.
Animals fight for dominance.
Animals fight for survivals at high altitudes with bizarre and varied adaptations.
Animals fill empty niches.
Animals fill niches.
Animals fill the role of companion, guide, hunter, guardian, and entertainer.
Animals find and eat food in different ways.
Animals Find at least four animals which are commonly found there .
Animals find food in many ways.
Animals find food.
Animals find in sea.
Animals find shelter in the trees and under rocks.
Animals find shelter.
Animals find the juniper very inviting.
Animals find the plant distasteful.
Animals find their way by scent as well as sound.
Animals find water from water holes and rivers.
Animals fit in different niches in our mental worlds.
Animals fix carbon and release oxygen, and plants release carbon and use oxygen.
Animals fix carbon through respiration, and plants fix carbon through photosynthesis.
Animals flee before the oncoming hordes.
Animals flee fires.
Animals flock here too.
Animals flow smoothly through solid sided, curved chutes.
Animals fluff their fur or feathers to allow in air.
Animals fly further distances to feed on blossom.
Animals follow mothers.
Animals follow precise seasonal patterns of mating, hibernation and migration.
Animals follow regular routes.
Animals follow routes.
Animals follow scent.
Animals follow their instincts.
Animals forage for food.
Animals forage for roots.
Animals forage in areas.
Animals forage in different environments.
Animals forage in different temperature environments.
Animals forage in different thermal environments.
Animals forage in environments.
Animals forage in thermal environments.
Animals form a cleavage furrow that starts at cell wall and moves toward center.
Animals form bonds.
Animals form pair bonds.
Animals form social relationships with caretakers, too.
Animals form the other half of the oxygen cycle.
Animals fornicate instinctively for that purpose only.
Animals from enter areas.
Animals gain importance.
Animals gain nutrition.
Animals gain weight.
Animals generally accept death and choose to die quietly and painlessly alone.
Animals generally appear only in juxtaposition with human figures, e.g., while being ridden.
Animals generally educate their young, apes and birds espe- cially.
Animals generally have feet.
Animals generally learn to associate stimuli that are relevant to their survival.
Animals generally respond extremely well to natural therapies.
Animals generally respond well to treatment.
Animals generally survive the winter by digging for food through the snow.
Animals generate different photopigments by expressing different opsins.
Animals generate heat.
Animals get a kick by touching the live and earth wires simultaneously.
Animals get air, food, and water in different ways.
Animals get blisters on their mouths and feet.
Animals get cancer, so do plants.
Animals get care.
Animals get daily treats and enrichment.
Animals get diseases.
Animals get eat by predators.
Animals get energy by eating plants or each other.
Animals get energy by processing complex foods.
Animals get energy from the food they eat, and all living things get energy from food.
Animals get energy.
Animals get enough food.
Animals get food by trees - also part of the environment.
Animals get food.
Animals get hand jobs.
Animals get lonely too.
Animals get many of the same treatments and operations that people get.
Animals get meat.
Animals get noisy after dark for many reasons.
Animals get nutrients and energy from eating plants.
Animals get nutrients from food.
Animals get nutrients.
Animals get nutrition.
Animals get Q fever through contact with body fluids or secretions.
Animals get ready for winter.
Animals get sick too and some die.
Animals get sufficient water.
Animals get swept away and drown, others fall prey to the flotillas of crocodiles lying in wait.
Animals get the disease by eating the tissue of other infected animals.
Animals get their energy by digesting the plants they eat.
Animals get their energy from eating plants or other animals which eat plants.
Animals get their energy from food.
Animals get their energy from the food they eat.
Animals get their energy from the large molecules that they eat as food.
Animals get their food by eating plants and other animals.
Animals get their food by eating plants or other animals.
Animals get their food from plants.
Animals get their nitrogen by nourishing on plants.
Animals get their nutrition much the same way as humans do.
Animals get their proteins by eating plants.
Animals get TSEs by eating infected animals or parts of infected animals, especially nerve tissues.
Animals get water.
Animals give birth to animals.
Animals give birth to mammals.
Animals give birth to offspring.
Animals give off carbon dioxide into the atmosphere during respiration.
Animals give off different heat signatures.
Animals give so much to our lives.
Animals give their powers to the medicine men who in turn use it for the good of the people.
Animals give themselves up freely in order to provide food for humans.
Animals give unconditional love and attention, making no judgments, demanding nothing in return.
Animals give unconditional love and expect nothing in return.
Animals give way to new animals and even people step aside when it's time.
Animals given as gifts are often unwanted after the holiday season has ended.
Animals go down and exhibit tetanic spasms before going into a coma and dying.
Animals go into heat.
Animals go into hibernation.
Animals go into shock just like people do.
Animals go into space to help conduct scientific research only when absolutely necessary.
Animals go through development.
Animals go through growth.
Animals go through life.
Animals go through several stages.
Animals go through stages.
Animals go to ground or migrate, or, like the mountain sheep, stand hunched against arctic winds.
Animals go to sea.
Animals go wild with rage.
Animals gradually become extinct when more of a species die than are born.
Animals gradually change during the course of millions of years.
Animals graze areas.
Animals graze in a natural open-air environment, making it more like an animal preserve than a zoo.
Animals graze in ground.
Animals graze in hills.
Animals graze in the forest and on soils unsuitable for rice.
Animals graze on grass.
Animals graze on grassland.
Animals graze on plants.
Animals graze on the grassy lea, One hears the sound of the droning bee.
Animals graze outdoor areas.
Animals graze pasture.
Animals graze plants.
Animals grazing on dumps can pass on diseases via the food chain .
Animals grazing on iodine rich soil can also be good sources of iodine.
Animals grazing on leaded plants concentrate the mineral in their bones.
Animals grow a thick layer of fat before they hibernate.
Animals grow a winter hair coat.
Animals grow and change.
Animals grow and mature and provide food and clothing.
Animals grow by indirectly using the energy of sunlight.
Animals grow cells.
Animals grow hair.
Animals grow human organs.
Animals grow in size or change into different forms as they develop.
Animals grow in wombs.
Animals grow muscles.
Animals grow organs.
Animals grow the same way, too they start out small as babies and then grow to adults.
Animals grow up to look like their parents.
Animals guard secrets their fancy names unlock . . . .
Animals guard secrets their fancy names unlock.
Animals gulp air.
Animals harbor viruses.
Animals harboring zooxanthellae range from sponges and sea anemones to giant clams.
Animals harm reptiles.
Animals harvest food.
Animals has pictures and descriptions of various animals including manatees and dinosaurs.
Animals has-part arteries.
Animals has-part backs.
Animals has-part bellies.
Animals has-part bones.
Animals has-part brains.
Animals has-part cerebellums.
Animals has-part eyes.
Animals has-part feet.
Animals has-part glands.
Animals has-part guts.
Animals has-part hearts.
Animals has-part jaws.
Animals has-part legs.
Animals has-part lungs.
Animals has-part molars.
Animals has-part mouths.
Animals has-part noses.
Animals has-part organs.
Animals has-part skeletons.
Animals has-part skin.
Animals has-part stomachs.
Animals has-part tails.
Animals has-part teeth.
Animals has-part throats.
Animals has-part tongues.
Animals has-part veins.
Animals hate it.
Animals hate the color.
Animals have (part) cell membranes.
Animals have (part) cells.
Animals have (part) corpi.
Animals have (part) cytoplasm.
Animals have (part) ears.
Animals have (part) faces.
Animals have (part) heads.
Animals have (part) nuclei.
Animals have (part) plasma membranes.
Animals have (part) sections.
Animals have (part) skulls.
Animals have (part) vacuoles.
Animals have a body and a soul, but they have no spirit.
Animals have a clear and recognised status.
Animals have a clear distinction between being cold blooded or warm blooded.
Animals have a different conciseness than humans.
Animals have a difficult time eliminating methylmercury from their systems.
Animals have a divinity and majesty that is unknowable at times.
Animals have a few primary instincts.
Animals have a great sense of smell and if something smells good, their first instinct is food.
Animals have a hard time resisting supernormal stimuli.
Animals have a high degree of selectivity during the first part of the grazing period.
Animals have a keen sense of smell.
Animals have a limited supply of energy, so they have to choose how it is allocated.
Animals have a moral right to consideration of their rights especially in regard to suffering pain.
Animals have a much more highly develped sensory and nervous system.
Animals have a natural behaviour that presupposes a certain space.
Animals have a nervous system.
Animals have a number of ways to make their behavior more attuned with nature.
Animals have a peculiar smell.
Animals have a personality of their own.
Animals have a relatively large home range within their arid habitat.
Animals have a right of way.
Animals have a sense of humour too.
Animals have a simple nature, they attain simple happiness by satisfying simple needs.
Animals have a soul.
Animals have a system to remove the ammonia or convert it to a less toxic form.
Animals have a value of their own.
Animals have a variety of different mechanisms to keep warm.
Animals have a very heightened sense of justice.
Animals have a very important place in all Native American cultures.
Animals have a very well-developed sense of smell that is much superior to that of humans.
Animals have a way of accepting without qualification.
Animals have a way of filling the void left by the death of a loved one.
Animals have a well-developed ability to sense.
Animals have a wonderful way of ignoring the past and getting on with the future.
Animals have a world of ways to stay out of sight.
Animals have ability.
Animals have access to outdoors and are fed organically grown feeds.
Animals have actions.
Animals have adaptation and survival strategies for the wetter regime.
Animals have adult fleas.
Animals have advantage.
Animals have air.
Animals have all different kinds of behaviours.
Animals have all sorts of mental abilities and all manner of thought.
Animals have amylases.
Animals have an easy life.
Animals have an effect on environment one animal at a time.
Animals have an even harder time.
Animals have an excellent rate of gain and have high cutability carcass qualities.
Animals have an inborn love of edible plants, berries, roots and greens.
Animals have an inherent right to be free and live completely unfettered by human dominance.
Animals have an instinctual way of healing themselves when something goes wrong.
Animals have an intrinsic value which is greatly beyond their commercial significance.
Animals have anal glands.
Animals have anal scent glands.
Animals have anatomies.
Animals have ancestors.
Animals have ankle bones.
Animals have appearances.
Animals have appetite.
Animals have aquatic habits.
Animals have areas.
Animals have arms.
Animals have babies too.
Animals have babies.
Animals have backbones.
Animals have basic characteristics.
Animals have basic needs for air, water, food, shelter, and space.
Animals have beauty.
Animals have behavior.
Animals have behaviour.
Animals have bellies.
Animals have better senses of smell and hearing than humans.
Animals have birth defects.
Animals have blood.
Animals have bodies.
Animals have body length.
Animals have body parts which they use to protect themselves from weather and their enemies.
Animals have body temperature.
Animals have bones.
Animals have brains.
Animals have breaths.
Animals have brown coats.
Animals have camouflage color.
Animals have canine teeth.
Animals have capability.
Animals have capacity.
Animals have carnivorous diets.
Animals have cells that are more specialized.
Animals have certain characteristics that mean they are adapted to their environment.
Animals have certain instincts.
Animals have chambers.
Animals have characteristics.
Animals have chemistry with people just like people have chemistry with each other.
Animals have choices.
Animals have clear skin.
Animals have coating.
Animals have coats.
Animals have colons.
Animals have color.
Animals have common ancestors.
Animals have common characteristics.
Animals have complete digestive tracts.
Animals have complex detail and exact proportion difficult to see in a living, moving creature.
Animals have complex emotional lives and do experience grief at the loss of a companion.
Animals have complex structures.
Animals have concentration.
Animals have constant body temperature when they are active.
Animals have constant body temperature.
Animals have constant temperature.
Animals have conversations.
Animals have critical periods.
Animals have customs.
Animals have dark brown tails.
Animals have defects.
Animals have dependence.
Animals have desire.
Animals have determination.
Animals have development.
Animals have dietary behavior.
Animals have dietary requirements.
Animals have diets.
Animals have differences.
Animals have different behavior.
Animals have different behaviors for different reasons.
Animals have different blood types and complete comparability is nearly impossible.
Animals have different body structures, so they move differently.
Animals have different feed behavior.
Animals have different functions.
Animals have different homes with different names.
Animals have different kinds of skin coverings - fur, scales, skin, feathers.
Animals have different life stages.
Animals have different male and female reproductive organs which produces gametes.
Animals have different requirements.
Animals have different stages.
Animals have different strategies.
Animals have different structures which serve different functions to precipitate existence.
Animals have different teeth, bodies, and tails.
Animals have different types of appendages.
Animals have difficulty standing or walking.
Animals have digestive glands.
Animals have digestive tracts.
Animals have disadvantage.
Animals have distinct types.
Animals have distinctive coats.
Animals have double-muscled carcasses and are all born with horns.
Animals have dramatic affects on coastal vegetation.
Animals have ears.
Animals have elementary numerical abilities.
Animals have emotion.
Animals have emotions and form a strong bond with their human companions.
Animals have emotions.
Animals have enemies.
Animals have energy requirements.
Animals have energy.
Animals have evolution.
Animals have exact structures.
Animals have excellent eyesights.
Animals have excellent memories for bad experiences.
Animals have excellent memories for both good and bad experiences.
Animals have excess water.
Animals have excretion.
Animals have excretory organs.
Animals have experience.
Animals have external skeletons.
Animals have eyes.
Animals have eyes.
Animals have eyesights.
Animals have faces.
Animals have families.
Animals have features.
Animals have feed behavior.
Animals have feelings and a nervous system just as humans do.
Animals have feelings and can speak.
Animals have feelings and their own kinds of intelligence, the animal activist argument goes.
Animals have feelings as much as humans.
Animals have feelings very similar to humans.
Animals have feelings, too.
Animals have feelings.
Animals have feet.
Animals have female gonads.
Animals have female organs.
Animals have female reproductive organs.
Animals have female sexual organs.
Animals have few natural predators.
Animals have five senses and man six senses.
Animals have flaws.
Animals have fleas.
Animals have flexibility.
Animals have flexible structures.
Animals have flexible tails.
Animals have follicles.
Animals have food preference.
Animals have food.
Animals have frequency ranges.
Animals have friends on both sides of the aisle.
Animals have front legs.
Animals have front teeth.
Animals have functions.
Animals have fur.
Animals have genetic flaws.
Animals have glands.
Animals have gonads.
Animals have great powers of recovery, if their injuries are treated promptly.
Animals have groups of cells in the tissue, which are combined together to perform as an organ.
Animals have growth.
Animals have gut microbes.
Animals have habitat needs and pressures.
Animals have habits.
Animals have hair coats.
Animals have hairy coats.
Animals have hard outer skeletons.
Animals have heads.
Animals have hearts.
Animals have height.
Animals have high body temperature.
Animals have high temperature.
Animals have hind legs.
Animals have hind limbs.
Animals have homes, too.
Animals have hunt techniques.
Animals have ideas.
Animals have importance.
Animals have incisor teeth.
Animals have individual behaviors, they make choices.
Animals have inherent in their form their means of survival.
Animals have instinct.
Animals have instincts.
Animals have insulators such as extra layers of feathers or blubber.
Animals have intelligence all their own, different from but equal to that of humans.
Animals have intelligence.
Animals have internal skeletons.
Animals have invasive behavior.
Animals have jaws.
Animals have kidneys.
Animals have knowledge.
Animals have large home ranges.
Animals have large nostrils.
Animals have large ranges.
Animals have larval stages.
Animals have legs.
Animals have length.
Animals have life cycles .
Animals have life cycles.
Animals have life stages.
Animals have life, zoa.
Animals have life.
Animals have lifespans.
Animals have limbs.
Animals have lobes.
Animals have long bones.
Animals have long legs.
Animals have long lifespans.
Animals have long periods.
Animals have long prehensile tongues.
Animals have long sticky tongues.
Animals have long tails.
Animals have long tongues.
Animals have longitudinal lobes.
Animals have low body temperature.
Animals have low surface areas.
Animals have low temperature.
Animals have lower energy requirements.
Animals have lower surface areas.
Animals have lungs.
Animals have magic powers.
Animals have majorities.
Animals have male organs.
Animals have male reproductive organs.
Animals have many benefits, particularly for older residents.
Animals have many different types of winter survival strategies.
Animals have many offspring.
Animals have many rich colors and textures.
Animals have meals.
Animals have meat.
Animals have memory.
Animals have metabolism.
Animals have microbes.
Animals have milk teeth.
Animals have minds of their own.
Animals have minds, which is in the sung-sang realm, at different levels.
Animals have molars.
Animals have moral intelligence.
Animals have more basic and 'animalistic' drives and instincts.
Animals have more deterministic growth patterns.
Animals have more direct associations and are honest in their emotion and it's expression.
Animals have more mechanisms for asexual reproduction than plants.
Animals have more offspring than can possibly survive.
Animals have movement.
Animals have much better noses than people .
Animals have much better noses than people.
Animals have much flexibility.
Animals have muscles.
Animals have muscular tails.
Animals have natural desire.
Animals have natural enemies.
Animals have natural lifespans.
Animals have natural predators.
Animals have necks.
Animals have needs just like people.
Animals have needs of their own.
Animals have nefesh also.
Animals have nerves.
Animals have next meals.
Animals have no capacity for hatred or cruelty.
Animals have no cell walls.
Animals have no choice but to abide by their genetic limitations.
Animals have no compunction about stealing food, bones, toys, young, nests, etc.
Animals have no concept of time.
Animals have no conscience, neither do vampires.
Animals have no control over their owners.
Animals have no hesitation in getting to know one another.
Animals have no possessions.
Animals have no responsibility.
Animals have no rights in our country.
Animals have no rights.
Animals have no sense of property.
Animals have no sense of what they are doing.
Animals have no sin.
Animals have no souls.
Animals have no spiritual development.
Animals have no such scruples about doping.
Animals have no understanding of the danger of roads.
Animals have no vision beyond existence.
Animals have no voice, so they really have no choice.
Animals have nostrils.
Animals have numerous paralogues, and yeast and bacteria also exhibit paralogues.
Animals have observable behaviors.
Animals have offspring.
Animals have only a feeling of guilt.
Animals have only a group soul and reincarnate in groups.
Animals have only limited means to draw borders.
Animals have only spirits.
Animals have opportunity.
Animals have opposite problems.
Animals have options.
Animals have organs.
Animals have outer skeletons.
Animals have own territory.
Animals have particular features.
Animals have parts of a similar kind, their organs, the sinewy tendons to wit and the bones.
Animals have peculiar anatomies.
Animals have periods.
Animals have personalities too.
Animals have personalities.
Animals have physical bodies only.
Animals have pink bellies.
Animals have places.
Animals have point canine teeth.
Animals have poor appetite.
Animals have poor eyesights.
Animals have poor hair coats.
Animals have poor vision.
Animals have positive experience.
Animals have potential.
Animals have power.
Animals have powerful legs.
Animals have precious energy.
Animals have precious little energy.
Animals have predators.
Animals have predatory behavior.
Animals have preference.
Animals have prehensile tongues.
Animals have pre-reflective experience.
Animals have pretty complicated communication systems.
Animals have problems.
Animals have productive lifespans.
Animals have prominent front teeth.
Animals have prominent teeth.
Animals have protection.
Animals have proteins.
Animals have pulses.
Animals have purposes.
Animals have ranges.
Animals have rapid pulses.
Animals have rapid weak pulses.
Animals have reaction.
Animals have reasons for what they do.
Animals have regions.
Animals have representatives.
Animals have reproduction.
Animals have reproductive capacity.
Animals have reproductive organs.
Animals have requirements.
Animals have respiratory organs.
Animals have responses.
Animals have ribs.
Animals have rights and man has duties when it comes to animals.
Animals have rights just as humans do.
Animals have rights to garlic and butter and to be singed on two sides.
Animals have rights to garlic, butter and cooking on both sides.
Animals have rights to live.
Animals have rights too.
Animals have rights, as do humans.
Animals have rights, goes one fallacious argument, because they have the ability to feel pain.
Animals have rights.
Animals have rituals they engage in to attract mates.
Animals have roles.
Animals have rough coats.
Animals have same characteristics.
Animals have same reaction.
Animals have scent glands.
Animals have senses, too.
Animals have senses.
Animals have sensory whiskers.
Animals have serious problems.
Animals have sex all the time without being married.
Animals have sex determination.
Animals have sex.
Animals have sexual organs.
Animals have shady places.
Animals have sharp incisor teeth.
Animals have sharp teeth.
Animals have short lifespans.
Animals have short necks.
Animals have short ribs.
Animals have short tails.
Animals have shoulder height.
Animals have similar coating.
Animals have similar responses to stress.
Animals have similar structures.
Animals have similarities and differences.
Animals have simple structures.
Animals have single nostrils.
Animals have size.
Animals have skeletal structures.
Animals have skeletons.
Animals have skin.
Animals have skin.
Animals have skulls.
Animals have sleep chambers.
Animals have small areas.
Animals have small surface areas.
Animals have smell.
Animals have social structures.
Animals have soft fur.
Animals have some amazing senses.
Animals have some intrinsic value, but less than humans.
Animals have soul and body.
Animals have soul life just as man does.
Animals have souls, can become ghosts, and can manifest themselves as spiritual beings.
Animals have souls, too, but man's soul is different.
Animals have special ability.
Animals have special excretory organs .
Animals have special excretory organs.
Animals have special organs.
Animals have special powers and abilities and are often portrayed in jewelry designs.
Animals have specialized diets and can die from the wrong foods.
Animals have specific organs of excretion.
Animals have specific requirements.
Animals have spines.
Animals have stages.
Animals have sticky tongues.
Animals have stomachs.
Animals have strategies.
Animals have stress responses.
Animals have strict routines.
Animals have strong smell.
Animals have structures.
Animals have sturdy skeletons.
Animals have surface areas.
Animals have survival.
Animals have sweat glands.
Animals have tactile sensors located at different parts of their bodies.
Animals have tails.
Animals have taste.
Animals have techniques.
Animals have teeth or beaks and can bite.
Animals have teeth.
Animals have temperature.
Animals have territory.
Animals have the additional layer of their coat of hair or fur that serves an additional purpose.
Animals have the amazing ability to get the most secure radio collar off of their necks.
Animals have the amazing ability to survive even the harshest of circumstances.
Animals have the right to equal consideration of their interests.
Animals have the right to freedom.
Animals have the right to liberty, the right to their natural life style and the right to life.
Animals have the run of our spacious outdoor surroundings and our barns and other indoor enclosures.
Animals have the same rights as humans.
Animals have their own homes as well, either living in the wild or in a domesticated environment.
Animals have their own innate sense of nature-based morality.
Animals have theropod characteristics.
Animals have thick coats.
Animals have thick fur.
Animals have thick layer of fat under the skin and a fur coating above it.
Animals have thick skin.
Animals have thin membranes because they have other forms of skeletons.
Animals have three choices.
Animals have tissue organs.
Animals have tissue.
Animals have to be brought inside to a fish tank or replaced in the spring.
Animals have to be extra cautions.
Animals have to be fed every day, so caretakers rotate weekend shifts.
Animals have to be fed every day, so caretakers rotate week-end shifts.
Animals have to be killed to look for lesions on the brain for diagnosis.
Animals have to be put to sleep for illness, aggression in some cases, etc.
Animals have to be treated in a way that is ethically and morally acceptable.
Animals have to be very specialised to live here.
Animals have to deal with unique living situations in all zones of the ocean.
Animals have to eat each other.
Animals have to find a partner to make a kid.
Animals have to find and eat food, but plants are able to make their own by using sunlight energy.
Animals have to have food, water, shelter to survive.
Animals have to hunt for their food.
Animals have to mate in order to spread their species, their influence.
Animals have to raise their young, too, and do so quickly, before the short summer ends.
Animals have to reproduce because of their sexual instincts.
Animals have to some extent come off the page.
Animals have to spend a lot of energy finding food.
Animals have toe feet.
Animals have toes.
Animals have tolerance.
Animals have tongues.
Animals have tooth structures.
Animals have tracts.
Animals have tremendous variety in shape and behavior.
Animals have trouble.
Animals Have two very gentle, really pretty ponies that are broke for children to ride.
Animals have types.
Animals have uniform coats.
Animals have unique characteristics.
Animals have unique personalities all their own.
Animals have unique structures.
Animals have unpleasant taste.
Animals have unpredictable behavior.
Animals have unusual techniques.
Animals have vacuoles to store wastes.
Animals have value because they are useful to humans.
Animals have various features.
Animals have various other ranges.
Animals have vary diets.
Animals have vertebrae.
Animals have very acute hearing.
Animals have very keen noses and can smell food from a long way off.
Animals have very low needs to handle abstraction.
Animals have viruses.
Animals have vision.
Animals have vital spirit, which is responsible for movement.
Animals have vitamin c requirements.
Animals have voices.
Animals have warm blood.
Animals have water.
Animals have waterproof coats.
Animals have weak pulses.
Animals have whiskers.
Animals have white bellies.
Animals heal themselves by licking their wounds.
Animals hear sound.
Animals help babies.
Animals help beat stress and are good walking partners, too.
Animals help children strengthen their contact with the environment.
Animals help ecosystems.
Animals help feed other animals too.
Animals help fertilize the ground for the plants with their feces.
Animals help habitats.
Animals help plant reproduction by helping spread plant pollen and seeds.
Animals help plants because they help with their growth.
Animals help researchers understand how diseases work and why they occur.
Animals help till the soil, and manure is the main source of fertilizer.
Animals Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Animals here are very primitive.
Animals here depend on the ice.
Animals here live in spacious and landscaped environments simulating that of their natural habitat.
Animals here suffer the cruel process of forced confinement, manipulation and violent death.
Animals hiberate and bed down for the long cold winter.
Animals hibernate for many reason.
Animals hibernate in the winter.
Animals hibernate in their warm burrows, waiting patiently for the spring thaw.
Animals hibernate or relocate to avoid harsh conditions.
Animals hibernate, migrate, or live under the snow to survive the severe climate conditions.
Animals hide and move around.
Animals hide away in a den or burrow.
Animals hide by using camouflage.
Animals hide food.
Animals hide from predators.
Animals hide from running children.
Animals hide in forests.
Animals hide under rocks for protection.
Animals hide, and grow wild.
Animals hiss when they are trying to protect themselves from something.
Animals hold necks.
Animals hold tails.
Animals hold their attention.
Animals hunt animals.
Animals hunt at nights.
Animals hunt birds.
Animals hunt each other for food.
Animals hunt food.
Animals hunt for food.
Animals hunt in packs.
Animals hunt other animals.
Animals hunt prey.
Animals hunted include flies, wasps, bees, locusts, beetles, caterpillars, dragonflies and spiders.
Animals ilive the food chain and struggle to survive.
Animals include bears.
Animals include beavers.
Animals include cattle.
Animals include centipedes.
Animals include cows.
Animals include crocodiles.
Animals include deer.
Animals include fish.
Animals include foxes.
Animals include frogs.
Animals include herbivores.
Animals include humans.
Animals include iguanas.
Animals include llamas.
Animals include moose.
Animals include musk oxes.
Animals include otters.
Animals include oxes.
Animals include pigs.
Animals include reptiles.
Animals include sea otters.
Animals including birds and people are strange, sometimes funny.
Animals including black bear and coyote also consume the juicy fruits.
Animals increase feelings of responsibility, usefulness, self-worth, and being needed.
Animals Increase in microorganism activity when organic mulch is applied.
Animals increase or decrease in value, depending on the current environment.
Animals infected by parasites can show a variety of symptoms.
Animals inflict considerable damage.
Animals inflict damage.
Animals ingest food.
Animals ingest materials.
Animals ingest poisonous substances.
Animals ingest pollutants.
Animals ingest substances.
Animals ingest their food while fungi grow into their food.
Animals inhabit areas.
Animals inhabit arid environments.
Animals inhabit coastal zones.
Animals inhabit countries.
Animals inhabit earth.
Animals inhabit environments.
Animals inhabit every inch of our planet, from the coldest Arctic region to the hottest desert.
Animals inhabit natural environments.
Animals inhabit polar regions.
Animals inhabit regions.
Animals inhabit shallow areas.
Animals inhabit shallow water areas.
Animals inhabit temperate regions.
Animals inhabit terrains.
Animals inhabit territory.
Animals inhabit the caves, but they can be easy to overlook.
Animals inhabit the pastures and barns.
Animals inhabit zones.
Animals inherit many kinds of adaptive behavior.
Animals inherit most of their genes from their parents.
Animals inherit two alleles of a gene from their parents, but one copy is almost always silenced.
Animals initiate enzyme-driven hydrolysis reactions to break down glycogen when energy is needed.
Animals injure trees in several ways.
Animals injured in the rodeo usually end up discarded at the slaughterhouse.
Animals instinctively avoid poisons and serpents.
Animals instinctively fear the strange environment encountered during transportation.
Animals instinctively feed their brains the blood that is needed by how they sleep.
Animals instinctively recognize healing crystal and mineral energy as being beneficial.
Animals instinctively travel near water and over the lowest passes through mountain ranges.
Animals intake nutrients by consuming certain foods in their natural environments.
Animals invade habitats.
Animals Investigates several different species of whale and dolphin.
Animals is a link to another Alaska site containing some high quality pictures of Alaska's animals.
Animals is a standard computer game, discussed in many introductory programming books.
Animals is the essential companion for theme-based teaching.
Animals just be.
Animals just do.
Animals just LOVE shiny things.
Animals just love the fresh growth that pops up after the fire, they say.
Animals just migrate.
Animals just repeat a built-in cycle of action over and over.
Animals keep the mites from causing any trouble through the immune system.
Animals keep their body in a stable condition .
Animals keep their body in a stable condition.
Animals kill animals.
Animals kill each other on a television program.
Animals kill each other.
Animals kill food.
Animals kill for food, as a rule.
Animals kill for food.
Animals kill one another in the wild.
Animals kill other animals.
Animals kill prey.
Animals kill, humans kill, that's a fact.
Animals kiss, too.
Animals know about stuff way before people do.
Animals know certain colors indicate a threat to their well-being.
Animals know how to use plants to medicate themselves.
Animals know that the future event by own six sense.
Animals know what they're doing.
Animals know when things are going to happen.
Animals know when to stop.
Animals know when winter is about to start with the help of external stimuli.
Animals lack cell walls altogether.
Animals lack cell walls.
Animals lack chloroplasts, and fungi have chloroplasts.
Animals lack chloroplasts.
Animals lack rigid cells walls.
Animals lapse into a fatal lethargy.
Animals lay eggs or have babies.
Animals lead existence.
Animals lead life.
Animals lead lifestyle.
Animals lead miserable life.
Animals lead nocturnal lifestyle.
Animals lead sessile existence.
Animals leap into air.
Animals learn by observing others.
Animals learn by repeating a behavior over and over many times in the same way.
Animals learn by repetition.
Animals learn by the principles of operant conditioning every day.
Animals learn fighting abilities.
Animals learn individually, but robot learning can be copied from one machine to another.
Animals learn tasks, such as walking, under the force of gravity.
Animals learn to develop a more competitive attitude in securing their nutrition.
Animals learn to self-administer amphetamine into their nucleus accumbens via a microdialysis probe.
Animals learn too.
Animals learn which behavior to use for each different stimulus.
Animals leave descendants.
Animals leave evidence of their presence.
Animals leave many descendants.
Animals leave offspring.
Animals leave scenes.
Animals leave similar signs when they move around.
Animals leave the program vaccinated for rabies and distemper.
Animals leave tracks too.
Animals leave tremendous clues to their passage.
Animals lie close together and even on top of each other.
Animals lift heads.
Animals like children.
Animals like to be high up, like they are in trees.
Animals like to destroy by and large.
Animals like to drink plenty of .
Animals like to eat it, like bugs, cows, mice.
Animals like to rub necks as a sign of caring and love.
Animals likely have fewer.
Animals limit travel.
Animals live a long time.
Animals live during time.
Animals live everywhere plants live, also surviving at much greater depths in Earth s waters.
Animals live for months.
Animals live for several years.
Animals live for the minute, for now, they know no past or future.
Animals live for years.
Animals live here, though.
Animals live here.
Animals live in a variety of habitats and change with the seasons.
Animals live in abandoned mines.
Animals live in air.
Animals live in an absolutely positive dimension.
Animals live in aquatic environments.
Animals live in aquatic habitats.
Animals live in areas.
Animals live in arid environments.
Animals live in asian countries.
Animals live in atmospheres.
Animals live in burrows, holes in trees, among rocks, or on perches on high tree branches.
Animals live in climates.
Animals live in cold climates.
Animals live in colonies.
Animals live in communities, such as on a farm.
Animals live in coral reef habitats.
Animals live in countries.
Animals live in dark places.
Animals live in dense areas.
Animals live in desert areas.
Animals live in dessert.
Animals live in different environments.
Animals live in different habitats.
Animals live in different habitats.
Animals live in environments.
Animals live in extreme environments.
Animals live in forests.
Animals live in forests.
Animals live in freshwater environments.
Animals live in geographic areas.
Animals live in grassland, and the weather is hot.
Animals live in groups.
Animals live in habitats or environments.
Animals live in habitats.
Animals live in high temperature.
Animals live in inhabitants.
Animals live in it.
Animals live in landscapes.
Animals live in large colonies.
Animals live in locations.
Animals live in mangroves.
Animals live in many different places.
Animals live in marine environments.
Animals live in marine habitats.
Animals live in moist environments.
Animals live in natural habitats.
Animals live in other parts of trees, too.
Animals live in pairs.
Animals live in parks.
Animals live in particular areas.
Animals live in places.
Animals live in polar regions.
Animals live in ponds.
Animals live in populations.
Animals live in preferred habitats that are closely related to vegetation types.
Animals live in rainforest areas.
Animals live in rainforests.
Animals live in regions.
Animals live in same areas.
Animals live in same geographic areas.
Animals live in setting.
Animals live in shoreline zones.
Animals live in similar habitats.
Animals live in small family groups.
Animals live in societies.
Animals live in states.
Animals live in sunlight.
Animals live in temperate regions.
Animals live in temperature.
Animals live in territory.
Animals live in the comfort of our volunteers homes.
Animals live in the here and now.
Animals live in the oxygen minimum zone despite the low oxygen levels.
Animals live in the woods.
Animals live in towns.
Animals live in tropical rainforests.
Animals live in vast areas.
Animals live in vast desert areas.
Animals live in warm climates.
Animals live in wetland environments.
Animals live in wetland.
Animals live in wildernesses.
Animals live in woodlands.
Animals live in zones.
Animals live much more nearly up to their income.
Animals live naked and feel no shame as they go about fulfilling their bodily functions.
Animals live near the river because they can get water there.
Animals live near water.
Animals live on a farm, on a farm, on a farm.
Animals live on a farm, with the farmer .
Animals live on a farm, with the farmer.
Animals live on diets.
Animals live on earth.
Animals live on food.
Animals live on ground.
Animals live on surfaces.
Animals live on the vegetation found in the biomes.
Animals live on vegetarian diets.
Animals live only where they can survive.
Animals live only where they'll find the right food, water and shelter.
Animals live out life.
Animals live predominantly according to instinct.
Animals live throughout the Atlantic.
Animals live to ages.
Animals live up to years.
Animals live, eat and raise their young here.
Animals live, fight, and die for themselves alone, confined to the limitations of their bodies.
Animals living here include deer, coyote, red fox, cottontail rabbit, muskrat, beaver and badger.
Animals living here include white-tailed deer, coyote, and meadow vole.
Animals living in an aquatic environment live in a three dimensional world.
Animals living in harsh heat environments such as deserts have to compensate for the lack of water.
Animals living in land are called terrestrial animals .
Animals living in or near houses also benefit.
Animals living in places that get a lot of sun have unique biological defenses.
Animals living in salty conditions tend to be more tolerant of a wider range of salinities.
Animals living in the area include elephant, giraffe, lion, rhinoceros and a wide variety of birds.
Animals living in the chaparral biome have to be able to survive on very little water.
Animals living in the park include antelope, baboon, elephant, gazelle, lion, monkey, warthog.
Animals living in the park include antelope, bushpigs, monkey and many species of birds.
Animals living in the park include antelope, elephant, hippopotamus, monkeys and otters.
Animals living in the park include antelope, elephant, hunting dogs, zebra and a variety of birds.
Animals living in the park include antelope, hyena, leopard, rhinoceros.
Animals living in the park include buffalo, elephant and a wide variety of birds.
Animals living in the park include crocodile, hippopotamus and a wide variety of birds.
Animals living in the park include crocodile, hippopotamus, elephant and a wide variety of birds.
Animals living in the park include elephant, kudu, sable antelope, waterbuck.
Animals living in the reserve include antelope, buffalo, waterbuck and a variety of birds.
Animals living in the reserve include buffalo, crocodile, elephant and hippopotamus.
Animals living in the reserve include elephant.
Animals living in water are called as aquatic organisms.
Animals living in water tend to lose heat to water quickly.
Animals living include antelope, lion and leopard.
Animals living on the sandy beach usually burrow.
Animals locate food.
Animals located on the great grasslands include elephants, zebras, antelopes, lions and cheetahs.
Animals look at each other across the fence.
Animals look for food.
Animals look like animals.
Animals look like prey.
Animals look like their parents.
Animals look to their habitats to provide food, shelter, and protection from predators.
Animals lose body heat when they eat snow or ice, which is why open water sources are preferred.
Animals lose body water in expired air, milk, urine, and feces, and by evaporation from the skin.
Animals lose heat.
Animals lose life.
Animals lose moisture when metabolic waste is released from the body as faeces or urine.
Animals lose strength.
Animals lose their fear of people or strange objects.
Animals lose their homes in floods too.
Animals lose their homes in floods, too.
Animals lose water by urinating, defecating, and by evaporative loss due to sweating and breathing.
Animals lose water through their skin and lungs, in the faeces and urine.
Animals lose weight and control of body functions and often appear disorientated.
Animals lose weight and drop in milk production but continue to eat.
Animals lose weight.
Animals love children.
Animals love doing tricks.
Animals love eggs.
Animals love food.
Animals love it here, too.
Animals love it poured over their meals.
Animals love joy.
Animals love tender, new vegetation.
Animals love to hide and find food in logs and dead trees.
Animals love to hide and make their homes in tall weeds and grass.
Animals love trees.
Animals love water.
Animals lower heads.
Animals lower limbs.
Animals mainly compete for food, territory and mates.
Animals maintain body heat.
Animals maintain body temperature.
Animals maintain body weight.
Animals maintain constant body temperature.
Animals maintain constant temperature.
Animals maintain elevate body temperature.
Animals maintain elevate temperature.
Animals maintain energy.
Animals maintain heat.
Animals maintain internal temperature.
Animals maintain posture.
Animals maintain stability.
Animals maintain stable internal temperature.
Animals maintain stable temperature.
Animals maintain temperature.
Animals maintain weight.
Animals make a great subject for any artistic medium, particularly drawing.
Animals make cells.
Animals make choices.
Animals make dens.
Animals make good research subjects for a variety of reasons.
Animals make good stories.
Animals make great companions, especially for senior citizens and children.
Animals make heat.
Animals make homes.
Animals make journeys.
Animals make life richer.
Animals make life.
Animals make manure.
Animals make milk only if they can reproduce.
Animals make milk.
Animals make mistakes from time to time.
Animals make nests.
Animals make no judgments concerning the value of biological life.
Animals make noise.
Animals make pairs.
Animals make people feel good.
Animals make places for weathering to happen.
Animals Make six large posters for mammals, insects, reptiles, birds, fish, amphibians.
Animals make sound.
Animals make sounds in a sequence.
Animals make the same mistakes generation after generation.
Animals make the save.
Animals make the world a happier place.
Animals make their homes there, too.
Animals make up diets.
Animals make up the next steps in the chain, by eating plants or other animals to get energy.
Animals make waste.
Animals make whistle sound.
Animals making their home on the beach include sea turtles, rodents and birds.
Animals mark territories by their spray or pheromone.
Animals mark territory.
Animals mask signs that they are in pain.
Animals mate because of smells.
Animals mate in many ways.
Animals mate out of an appetitive instinct.
Animals mate with animals.
Animals materialize from the mist to the accompaniment of hissing steam vents and splashing geysers.
Animals may have ability.
Animals may have bleed problems.
Animals may have chances.
Animals may have faces.
Animals may have problems.
Animals may have spots.
Animals may have swell faces.
Animals maybreak their necks or otherwise be injured as they struggle to escape.
Animals meet a definite and decisive fate.
Animals meet their needs in different ways.
Animals migrate between their wintering and breeding habitats.
Animals migrate for different reasons.
Animals migrate for various reasons.
Animals migrate in order to breed, grow, find food or avoid cold weather.
Animals migrate to areas.
Animals migrate to environments.
Animals migrate to food.
Animals migrate to habitats.
Animals migrate to rivers.
Animals migrate to water.
Animals migrate with the change of the weather and the seasons.
Animals migrate, hibernate, burrow, to cope with seasonal climate extremes.
Animals migrating from the preserves can thus restock the hunting zones.
Animals migrating through the area cross the highway regularly.
Animals Most flowering plants use animals to carry seeds.
Animals mostly eat other living things.
Animals mostly graze plants and there are few actual carnivores in nature.
Animals mostly know how to build their homes from instinct.
Animals move about.
Animals move and live without thinking, without trying to figure things out.
Animals move around for a variety of reasons.
Animals move around to eat plants or other animals.
Animals move around, seeking their prey.
Animals move around, which makes evaluating their age difficult.
Animals move back and forth.
Animals move between protected breeding areas and feeding areas.
Animals move by differential hydrostatic pressure in the segments in concert with the setae.
Animals move eyes.
Animals move faces.
Animals move feet.
Animals move food.
Animals move for various reasons, including feeding and escaping from predators.
Animals move from places.
Animals move from regions.
Animals move from trees.
Animals move heads.
Animals move in search of food, habitat, mates and to avoid predators.
Animals move in search of food.
Animals move in.
Animals move into sites.
Animals move into the new home and life starts to flourish.
Animals move legs.
Animals move limbs.
Animals move more and are seen more often.
Animals move plant seeds.
Animals move ranges.
Animals move sides.
Animals move tails.
Animals move teeth.
Animals move through shallow water.
Animals move through the world like a caravan of silence.
Animals move through water.
Animals move to locations.
Animals move to places.
Animals move with a natural grace and confidence.
Animals move, grow, change and reproduce.
Animals moves from one side to the other.
Animals nap regularly, as do the elderly and young children.
Animals naturally sense disasters much before humans.
Animals need air.
Animals need areas.
Animals need attention.
Animals need calories.
Animals need care.
Animals need different habitats.
Animals need energy.
Animals need food.
Animals need habitats.
Animals need homes.
Animals need immediate attention.
Animals need large areas.
Animals need nutrients.
Animals need oxygen.
Animals need parental care.
Animals need peace.
Animals need places.
Animals need plants.
Animals need proteins.
Animals need salt.
Animals need shelter.
Animals need special care.
Animals need supportive care.
Animals need to drink water.
Animals need water.
Animals never become extinct.
Animals never betray.
Animals never fail to amuse.
Animals never get to do more in films than be, well, animals.
Animals never help each other.
Animals normally stop eating when they get full.
Animals notice it more easily than humans.
Animals now lend a paw to help.
Animals observe human behavior and compete for the greatest amount of traffic hold-ups.
Animals obtain cobalamin from intestinal flora or by eating the meats of other animals.
Animals obtain energy by eating the plants leaves, fruits and bark.
Animals obtain energy by feeding on plants or other animals.
Animals obtain energy from eating other plants and animals.
Animals obtain energy from eating plants.
Animals obtain energy.
Animals obtain food by eating and digesting other organisms.
Animals obtain food by force.
Animals obtain food.
Animals obtain it from eating plants.
Animals obtain nitrogen by eating plants or other animals.
Animals obtain nitrogen by eating plants, or animals that eat plants.
Animals obtain nitrogen directly or indirectly from plants.
Animals obtain nitrogen from the plants they eat becoming part of the animal's body.
Animals obtain nourishment.
Animals obtain starch from plants and store it as glycogen.
Animals obtain their food from animals or plants.
Animals obtain water.
Animals obviously have some sort of language and have some sort of social structures.
Animals obviously show emotions such as fear.
Animals occupy areas.
Animals occupy diverse types of biomes and aquatic environments.
Animals occupy habitats.
Animals occupy niches in all the vertical and horizontal layers of a habitat.
Animals occupy ranges.
Animals occupy small areas.
Animals occupy territory.
Animals occupy vegetation.
Animals occur across a vast range of size.
Animals occur in environments.
Animals occur in fields.
Animals occur in water.
Animals offer another avenue of study.
Animals offer research models that are impossible to replicate using human subjects.
Animals offer the undeniable proof of homeopathy.
Animals offer total acceptance, no matter what a patient's physical or mental disability.
Animals offers in-depth information on a variety of topics relating to animals.
Animals Offers in-depth information on a variety of topics relating to animals.
Animals only become distinct individuals through learning.
Animals only have to be taken away when they can be found in time.
Animals only kill for food and protection.
Animals only kill for food, or in order to protect themselves or their young.
Animals only use cellular respiration.
Animals open mouths.
Animals operate on a whole different level from the human social level.
Animals panic when they smell death.
Animals panic when they start to slip.
Animals pass on leptospirosis Many types of animal can harbour leptospires.
Animals perceive pain and try to avoid it.
Animals percieve the world in many different ways.
Animals perform activities.
Animals perform best on crabgrass pasture if it is grazed rotationally.
Animals perform complex functions.
Animals perform functions.
Animals perform roles.
Animals perform same functions.
Animals perform useful functions.
Animals performing, clowns, elephants play cricket, bears on a bicycle, human cannonball.
Animals permeate the myths, metaphors, arts, and literature of virtually all human cultures.
Animals pick up the disease through direct contact with the virus.
Animals piss there.
Animals place their scent markings in different locations.
Animals play a big part in our everyday lives.
Animals play a key part in many people's lives.
Animals play a large part in experiments that don t go according to plan.
Animals play a prominent role in human life.
Animals play a prominent role in the religions or belief systems of many cultures.
Animals play a very important part in our lives.
Animals play a very important role in our life.
Animals play an important role in our lives.
Animals play an important role in plant reproduction.
Animals play at mounting.
Animals play central roles.
Animals play destructive roles.
Animals play ecological roles.
Animals play essential roles.
Animals play important ecological roles.
Animals play important roles.
Animals play in ecosystems.
Animals play in water.
Animals play in woodlands.
Animals play key roles.
Animals play major roles.
Animals play many special roles in our lives, from pets to workers to service animals.
Animals play roles.
Animals play too much of a role in the visitations to be ignored.
Animals play unique roles.
Animals play very important roles in our lives.
Animals play vital roles.
Animals pollinate plants, ensuring reproduction and fertilization.
Animals populate areas.
Animals pose danger.
Animals possess ancestry.
Animals possess animal souls , which allow for nutrition, reproduction, and sensation.
Animals possess antibodies.
Animals possess backbones.
Animals possess bilateral symmetry.
Animals possess blood.
Animals possess bodies.
Animals possess bones.
Animals possess brains.
Animals possess cells.
Animals possess characteristics.
Animals possess complete digestive tracts.
Animals possess defensive mechanisms.
Animals possess different organs for excretion.
Animals possess digestion.
Animals possess digestive tracts.
Animals possess enzymes.
Animals possess feet.
Animals possess food.
Animals possess fronts.
Animals possess fur.
Animals possess glands.
Animals possess habitats.
Animals possess hair.
Animals possess heads.
Animals possess hearts.
Animals possess legs.
Animals possess limbs.
Animals possess mechanisms.
Animals possess membranes.
Animals possess movement.
Animals possess multiple isoforms of each type.
Animals possess offspring.
Animals possess organs.
Animals possess pigment.
Animals possess posteriors.
Animals possess potential.
Animals possess radial symmetry.
Animals possess regulatory mechanisms.
Animals possess ribs.
Animals possess scent glands.
Animals possess sea water.
Animals possess sense organs.
Animals possess senses.
Animals possess stomach digestion.
Animals possess structures.
Animals possess symmetry.
Animals possess teeth.
Animals possess tracts.
Animals possess true cold-coping abilities.
Animals possess vision.
Animals possess water.
Animals possess weak limbs.
Animals practice their skills while growing up.
Animals prefer environments.
Animals prefer forests.
Animals prefer habitats.
Animals prefer terrains.
Animals prefer the silage to average quality hay.
Animals prefer to sleep during hot sunny days.
Animals prepare for the winter in several ways.
Animals present are tigers, lions, elephants, rhinoceros, hippopotamus, giraffes, etc.
Animals present with moderate to severe pain when opening their mouths.
Animals prey on animals.
Animals prey on birds.
Animals prey on creatures.
Animals prey on other animals.
Animals prey on pests.
Animals prey on small vertebrates.
Animals prey on vertebrates.
Animals prey upon animals.
Animals prey upon creatures.
Animals prey upon mature animals.
Animals primarily build habitat for protection from extreme temperatures and from predation.
Animals probably identify the easiest with the species they know best.
Animals produce antibodies.
Animals produce blood.
Animals produce carbon dioxide and release it into the air when breathing out.
Animals produce carbon dioxide and water, which is needed by plants.
Animals produce colour in different ways.
Animals produce excessive saliva.
Animals produce grunts.
Animals produce heat.
Animals produce hormones.
Animals produce irritate substances.
Animals produce lactic acid.
Animals produce manure, which is spread on the land to grow crops.
Animals produce manure, which is spread on the land to help grow crops.
Animals produce manure.
Animals produce manure.
Animals produce materials.
Animals produce meat.
Animals produce milk.
Animals produce more young than are needed to replace their parents.
Animals produce neutralize antibodies.
Animals produce offspring.
Animals produce saliva.
Animals produce secretion.
Animals produce signals to attract the attention of a possible mate or to solidify pair bonds.
Animals produce substances.
Animals produce two main types of venom, and sometimes a combination of both.
Animals produce urea in urea cycle .
Animals produce urea intheir waste products.
Animals produce urine.
Animals produce waste.
Animals propagate with just a few days in heat a year.
Animals Protect our children and environment.
Animals protect themselves differently.
Animals protect themselves in a variety of different ways.
Animals protect themselves in different ways.
Animals protect themselves in many ways.
Animals provide a sense of companionship.
Animals provide a way of reaching people when traditional methods fail.
Animals provide an immediate link to which the child can relate.
Animals provide comfort, safety and security, fun and laughter, and stability.
Animals provide companionship, acceptance, emotional support, and unconditional love.
Animals provide companionship, love and security to many owners.
Animals provide companionship, unconditioned affection, even protection.
Animals provide draft power as well as food, dung fuel, manure, wool, and hides.
Animals provide food, clothing, fats, scents, companionship, and labor.
Animals provide food.
Animals provide ideal models for that testing and evaluation.
Animals provide immense benefits to society.
Animals provide insight.
Animals provide many ecosystem services that ecologists find hard to replace.
Animals provide meat.
Animals provide microbes with food and shelter.
Animals provide nourishment.
Animals provide nutrients.
Animals provide priceless insight.
Animals provide the best known surrogate for humans in the laboratory.
Animals provide unconditional acceptance and a bridge across their gap in trust.
Animals provides flexibility, creativity and fun for theme-based learning.
Animals Provides in-depth information on a variety of topics relating to animal science.
Animals Provides in-depth information on a variety of topics relating to animals.
Animals providing life assistance are welcome at all times.
Animals pursue prey.
Animals quickly get out of the area and avoid it in the future.
Animals raise heads.
Animals raise legs.
Animals raise offspring.
Animals raise their young in specific habitat that provides adequate shelter and cover.
Animals raise there young the quickest of any other biome because of demanding survival needs.
Animals range from bison to zebras.
Animals range from deer to manatee.
Animals range from lethargic, to complaining to simply cold.
Animals range from unspecialized single-celled to specialized multicellular forms.
Animals range in size from tree frogs to black bears.
Animals range in size.
Animals range through all heights in the forest.
Animals ranging from dragonflies to whales are on the move.
Animals ranging from horses to pet birds to ferrets can get diabetes.
Animals ranging from rotifers to some amphibians reproduce through parthenogenesis.
Animals rapidly break down tebuthiuron.
Animals rapidly excrete chloramben.
Animals rapidly initiate backward locomotion.
Animals reach adult size.
Animals reach certain minimum size.
Animals reach large relative size.
Animals reach large size.
Animals reach minimum size.
Animals reach normal size.
Animals reach relative size.
Animals reach size.
Animals reaching the coast of Norway are usually juveniles.
Animals react better to robots than humans.
Animals react differently to an electrical shock.
Animals react differently to different situations, just like people.
Animals react instinctively to changes in their environment.
Animals react to fire in different ways.
Animals react to pain.
Animals react to the flowing water in a variety of ways.
Animals Read about how one community deals with inherently dangerous animals .
Animals read peoples body language, their scents, their thoughts, etc.
Animals really add to a home.
Animals really are amazing.
Animals really enrich out lives in so very many ways.
Animals receive an inadequate level of selenium from locally grown forage.
Animals receive antibiotics and other medical care as warranted.
Animals receive care.
Animals receive energy by consuming other animals.
Animals receive energy to meet their metabolic needs by directly or indirectly consuming plants.
Animals receive food.
Animals receive greater protection in medical experiments than people.
Animals receive it through the food they consume, such as plants which have absorbed it.
Animals receive nitrogen by eating plants.
Animals receive nurse care.
Animals receive nutrition.
Animals receive one pair of every gene from their mother and one from their father.
Animals receive parental care.
Animals receive spectrum sunlight.
Animals receive stimulation.
Animals receive stimuli.
Animals receive substances.
Animals receive sunlight.
Animals receive test substances.
Animals receive their nitrogen from food sources.
Animals receive water.
Animals receiving grain with the pasture are less likely to be affected.
Animals recognize and discriminate among many different chemicals using their olfactory systems.
Animals recognize shapes by contrast, and their vision is drawn toward abrupt changes.
Animals recover from infection.
Animals recover very rapidly as a rule, but older animals and more serious problems take more time.
Animals recover very rapidly as a rule, but older dogs and more serious problems take more time.
Animals reduce stress and provide companionship.
Animals regulate body temperature.
Animals regulate hormone release through positive feedback.
Animals regulate temperature.
Animals relate to ancestors.
Animals relate to organisms.
Animals relax all but swimming muscles.
Animals release carbon through respiration or decomposition, when plants or animals die.
Animals release enzymes.
Animals release pheromone.
Animals release the carbon dioxide that is used by plants.
Animals release water as a waste product from the oxygen respiration.
Animals relieve stress in different ways.
Animals rely mainly on olfaction to locate and track food sources.
Animals rely on certain plants.
Animals rely on darkness.
Animals rely on different senses according to their ways of life and their functions.
Animals rely on food.
Animals rely on fruit.
Animals rely on grass.
Animals rely on hearing to avoid predators, obtain food, and communicate.
Animals rely on kidneys.
Animals rely on lipids.
Animals rely on motion.
Animals rely on plants as well as other animals for energy.
Animals rely on plants to convert sunlight into simple sugars that animals can use for energy.
Animals rely on plants.
Animals rely on senses.
Animals rely on their rancher for nutritious food, clean water and healthcare.
Animals rely on touch.
Animals rely on vegetation.
Animals rely on water.
Animals remain at the hospital until a home is found.
Animals remain at the zoo, under the care of the professional staff.
Animals remain carriers.
Animals remain in places.
Animals remain in safety.
Animals remain protective and loyal to their guardians.
Animals remain with mothers.
Animals remember their past in pictures and emotions.
Animals represent almost the entire spectrum of biological forms.
Animals represent and symbolize the various features and forces of nature.
Animals represent sometimes represent beast or the inner wild of a child.
Animals represent specific archetypal energies within the psyche.
Animals represent the qualities in our character or specific aspects of our personalities.
Animals reproduce by breeding.
Animals reproduce by having babies, as well.
Animals reproduce by having young.
Animals reproduce in a sexual or asexual way.
Animals reproduce in one of two ways.
Animals reproduce in two ways.
Animals reproduce sexually and plants reproduce asexually.
Animals reproduce sexually, and in some cases asexually, or both.
Animals reproduce sexually.
Animals reproduce to have a offspring.
Animals require a lot of care.
Animals require a male and a female to reproduce, same as humans.
Animals require a source of food to grow and develop.
Animals require a supply of energy to survive.
Animals require adequate food, shelter, and other resources to survive.
Animals require air.
Animals require broad spectrum light.
Animals require care.
Animals require companionship.
Animals require conditions.
Animals require considerable power.
Animals require daily intake.
Animals require daily water intake.
Animals require diets.
Animals require different amounts of space to find food, water, shelter and a mate.
Animals require different amounts of space.
Animals require different conditions.
Animals require different individual salt concentrations than their environments.
Animals require different live conditions.
Animals require energy for growth, maintenance, digestion, and reproduction.
Animals require energy to grow and to keep the body functioning.
Animals require energy.
Animals require environments.
Animals require food, water, cover and places to raise young.
Animals require food.
Animals require forests.
Animals require guts.
Animals require habitats.
Animals require homes.
Animals require intake.
Animals require interaction.
Animals require legs.
Animals require less oxygen.
Animals require less water, less food.
Animals require light.
Animals require live conditions.
Animals require more than feeding, cleaning, and attention.
Animals require nervous systems and efficient ways to breathe and nourish working cells.
Animals require oxygen for aerobic respiration.
Animals require oxygen for respiration.
Animals require oxygen.
Animals require plants.
Animals require power.
Animals require proteins.
Animals require sex.
Animals require shelter from trees and clean, safe water to drink.
Animals require special care.
Animals require special diets.
Animals require specific conditions.
Animals require spectrum light.
Animals require stimulation.
Animals require sustenance.
Animals require teeth.
Animals require warmth.
Animals require water intake.
Animals require water, energy, protein, vitamins and minerals.
Animals require water.
Animals requiring intensive management have separate locations and are watched every few hours.
Animals resemble animals.
Animals resemble men with all the truthfulness of a caricature.
Animals residing in the desert are also well adapted to their environment.
Animals respire around the clock, taking up oxygen continuously.
Animals respire as they take in oxygen and give off carbon dioxide, often through breathing.
Animals respire, absorbing oxygen and exhaling carbon dioxide.
Animals respond best to quiet voices and a slow, soothing approach.
Animals respond better to one or two syllable names.
Animals respond by initiating locomotion, usually by backing up.
Animals respond by rapidly moving the nose away from the hair.
Animals respond even more profoundly to stretching and massage than do humans.
Animals respond to death.
Animals respond to effects.
Animals respond to environmental stimuli.
Animals respond to environments.
Animals respond to essential oils similarly to humans.
Animals respond to food shortages in a variety of ways.
Animals respond to light.
Animals respond to negative stimuli.
Animals respond to pressure.
Animals respond to rain.
Animals respond to same stimuli.
Animals respond to situations.
Animals respond to sounds and smells in the same manner as people.
Animals respond to stimuli a certain way.
Animals respond to stimuli.
Animals respond to stimuli.
Animals respond to threats in many complex ways.
Animals respond to treatments.
Animals respond well to routine.
Animals rest on banks.
Animals retain claws.
Animals retain larval tails.
Animals retain memory.
Animals retain tails.
Animals return to fields.
Animals return to food.
Animals return to homes.
Animals return, plants reestablish themselves and new people settle again in the area.
Animals rework or sort various sand particles.
Animals ride in the cattle car.
Animals roam continents.
Animals roam earth.
Animals roam ecosystems.
Animals roam environments.
Animals roam forests.
Animals roam freely in specially landscaped surroundings.
Animals roam freely in the area.
Animals roam grassland.
Animals roam ground.
Animals roam habitats.
Animals roam hills.
Animals roam mountains.
Animals roam oceans.
Animals roam surfaces.
Animals roam terrains.
Animals roaming free are subject to being taken to the pound.
Animals roar for a few reasons .
Animals roar for a few reasons.
Animals routinely use scent to convey information.
Animals run for cover under branches, anywhere they can find refuge.
Animals run for their lives.
Animals run free everywhere.
Animals run from enemies, search for food, battle for territory, and build homes.
Animals run high fevers and often become lame.
Animals run wild or are tamed.
Animals run, jump, play, eat, fly, bark, and meow.
Animals run, skitter and scrape as they cross the salt pan and the sandy dunes.
Animals rustle under leaves while birds practice their calls.
Animals scarcely rate public notice.
Animals scent their territories.
Animals search for food.
Animals search for hide places.
Animals search for places.
Animals secrete dietary iodine into their milk.
Animals secrete substances.
Animals see all kinds of things besides forms.
Animals see colors differently than humans do.
Animals see light.
Animals See mammals live and in action.
Animals see ultraviolet light.
Animals seek daytime shelter.
Animals seek environmental situations that release their internally rewarded behaviors.
Animals seek environments.
Animals seek food.
Animals seek habitats.
Animals seek meals.
Animals seek meat.
Animals seek out conditions.
Animals seek out flowers as a food source, ingesting nectar and, in some cases, pollen.
Animals seek out places.
Animals seek places.
Animals seek prey.
Animals seek protection.
Animals seek resources and avoid predators, parasites and intraspecific enemies.
Animals seek shades.
Animals seek shelter.
Animals seek thermal environments.
Animals seek warm shelter, and the woods become calm and quiet.
Animals seek water.
Animals seem however to show a sense of the lapse of time.
Animals seem to be vanishing.
Animals seem to become 'rejuvenated'.
Animals seem to enjoy and work diligently at retrieving the food treats.
Animals seem to find no place in the group culture of Japanese society.
Animals seem to have an exquisite sense of others' vulnerability and illness.
Animals seem to have much less difficulty adjusting to loss of mobility than their humans do.
Animals seem to have no problem.
Animals seem to have no problems at with making babies.
Animals seem to know when a plant is poisonous and stay away from it.
Animals seem unafraid of kayakers.
Animals seen include polar bears and seals.
Animals select certain places.
Animals select food.
Animals select places.
Animals selected are of the highest quality available.
Animals sense and react to stress just like people.
Animals sense impending earth quakes, and perhaps other rapid soil movement like landslides.
Animals sense stimuli in a variety of ways.
Animals sense their surroundings differently than humans.
Animals sense when they are about to be killed.
Animals serve as clues to character in the story.
Animals serve as food.
Animals serve as hosts.
Animals serve as intermediate hosts.
Animals serve as reservoir hosts.
Animals shake heads.
Animals share adventures in the snow, and children make snow figures of the animals.
Animals share certain features.
Animals share earth.
Animals share environments.
Animals share farms.
Animals share features.
Animals share ground.
Animals share habitats.
Animals share landscapes.
Animals share more than the planet with humans.
Animals share native habitats.
Animals share pasture.
Animals share patterns.
Animals share regions.
Animals share resemblance.
Animals share resources.
Animals share superficial resemblance.
Animals share the lower floor along with storage facilities.
Animals share wolf habitats.
Animals shed coats.
Animals shed hair.
Animals shed infectious viruses.
Animals shed parasites.
Animals Shed small cells called dander from their hair, fur and feathers.
Animals shed small scales called dander from their hair, fur or feathers.
Animals shed the virus in breath, saliva, dung, urine and milk.
Animals shed viruses.
Animals ship only to approved destinations, with shipping statement.
Animals show a high degree of protein polymorphism.
Animals show a marked preference for the new product as baled hay, greenchop and ensilage.
Animals show a variety of symptoms, including staggering gait and unpredictable behavior.
Animals show activities.
Animals show an amazing diversity of size.
Animals show behavior.
Animals show cardiovascular health.
Animals show conditions.
Animals show diversity.
Animals show emotion.
Animals show fear.
Animals show health.
Animals show insight.
Animals show kindness in great, dramatic heroic acts of courage.
Animals show levels.
Animals show patterns.
Animals show phases.
Animals show physical and behavioral adaptations.
Animals show physical conditions.
Animals show presence.
Animals show reaction.
Animals show real emotion.
Animals show responses.
Animals show sugar levels.
Animals show tendencies.
Animals show they value their lives and freedom by their struggles against being caged and killed.
Animals show up in unexpected places all over the house.
Animals show up where they've never been seen before, sometimes in big, buggy, biological booms.
Animals showing reactions usually recover rather quickly.
Animals showing ureotelism are called ureotelic animals.
Animals showing uricotelism are called uricotelic animals.
Animals simply bounce around discussing the joys and tribulations of life, like marriage and war.
Animals simply cease to exist.
Animals simply eat, sleep, reproduce and die.
Animals simply live love.
Animals simply live, and exist.
Animals sire offspring.
Animals skins, skulls, and other wildlife paraphernalia held by fascinated students are in tatters.
Animals sleep in many different ways, including upside down and with their eyes open.
Animals smell about, being afraid of predators.
Animals smell the crushed gook on the traps.
Animals solve problems.
Animals sometime give other warning signs when they are upset or hurt.
Animals soon learn to stay away from poison ivy.
Animals speak and act like humans in situations with moral lessons.
Animals specifically cows poop is used to help plants grow.
Animals spend a lot of time at temperatures other than their preferred temperature.
Animals spend their entire life cycle as diploid cells, with the exception of haploid gametes.
Animals spend their lives bombarded by myriad sights, sounds, odors, etc.
Animals spit the seeds out, the seed falls to the ground and a new plant begins to grow.
Animals spread diseases.
Animals spread seeds around.
Animals stalk prey.
Animals stand guard at the base of each column.
Animals stand on feet.
Animals stand on hind legs.
Animals stand on legs.
Animals stand quietly, move quickly and easily.
Animals start in life as a single cell.
Animals start life.
Animals start reacting.
Animals start to eat other animals.
Animals stay at the shelter depending on space.
Animals stay cleaner and dust free.
Animals stay in naturalistic settings amongst the zoo's botanical gardens.
Animals stay with mothers.
Animals steal food.
Animals still hunt, eat, drink, build nests, and take care of their young.
Animals still provide a critical link to our understanding of vital human and animal functioning.
Animals stop eating when sick.
Animals stop growing once they reach adulthood.
Animals store excess energy as fat.
Animals store excess glucose by polymerizing it to form glycogen .
Animals store fat, seek shelter, and retreat into various states of slowed animation.
Animals store food.
Animals store their extra glucose in large molecules termed glycogen.
Animals stretch feet.
Animals strike curious poses.
Animals strongly mould our perceptions of behaviour.
Animals struggle to find food to eat.
Animals subsist on diets.
Animals subsist on unbalance diets.
Animals suffer almost endless misery in the traps.
Animals suffer appallingly in markets.
Animals suffer as well as humans.
Animals suffer back injuries.
Animals suffer broken bones, necks, and backs as part and parcel of rodeo events.
Animals suffer death.
Animals suffer effects.
Animals suffer for days in traps in terrible pain, chewing at their trapped limbs.
Animals suffer for food fat.
Animals suffer from constipation.
Animals suffer from ignorance, as they re unable to speak our language.
Animals suffer from thirsts.
Animals suffer in extreme confinement and poor housing conditions.
Animals suffer injuries.
Animals suffer innocently from destruction, The Earth screams from unjust consequences.
Animals suffer negative effects.
Animals suffer pain and stress and can harm or injure themselves trying to escape from glue boards.
Animals suffer severe back injuries.
Animals suffer severe injuries.
Animals suffer shortages.
Animals suffer slow death.
Animals suffer stress, can be trampled to death and become dehydrated.
Animals suffer, the planet suffers, human health suffers, our souls suffer from consuming death.
Animals suffering from cyathostominosis usually have a poor deworming history.
Animals suffering from foot and mouth lose their appetite, and meat production falls sharply.
Animals suffering from maggot infestation usually appear docile and cooperative during treatment.
Animals supply food, shelter, clothing fuel.
Animals supply milk and food.
Animals survive acute infection.
Animals survive arctic temperature.
Animals survive because of there natural instincts.
Animals survive conditions.
Animals survive harsh winter.
Animals survive in circumstances.
Animals survive in difficult circumstances.
Animals survive in environments.
Animals survive in habitats.
Animals survive in places.
Animals survive in situations.
Animals survive in zones.
Animals survive infection.
Animals survive long winter.
Animals survive on diets.
Animals survive periods.
Animals survive primary infection.
Animals survive storms, fire, and snow.
Animals survive temperature.
Animals survive through inborn reflexes, instinct and sensory perceptions.
Animals survive to adulthood.
Animals survive winter.
Animals survive years.
Animals swallow food.
Animals swallow prey.
Animals swim well.
Animals swing heads.
Animals switch diets.
Animals symbolise the essence of fertility and vitality in Welsh and Celtic mythology.
Animals symbolize social distinctions.
Animals take advantage of the ability of plants to manufacture sugar and other nutrients.
Animals take in carbon compounds when they eat plants.
Animals take in energy by eating food.
Animals take in oxygen and give off carbon dioxide as they breathe.
Animals take in oxygen and produce carbon dioxide.
Animals take in oxygen and water as well as food.
Animals take in oxygen, and give out carbon dioxide.
Animals take in oxygen.
Animals take several weeks to recover from the disease.
Animals take shelter.
Animals take steps.
Animals take time and money.
Animals take time to adjust to new places and routines.
Animals take up residences.
Animals talk to each other, of course.
Animals talk to one another.
Animals target large prey.
Animals target prey.
Animals tend to avoid grazing where manure is in pasture.
Animals tend to back out and panic if they slip.
Animals tend to eat food from a variety of sources, different plants and animals.
Animals tend to grow larger in a cold environment.
Animals tend to live naturally in specific areas.
Animals tend to maximize their energy-intake to expenditure ratio.
Animals tend to migrate from the region of their origin.
Animals tend to mirror humans.
Animals tend to move one after the other along the same pathways during major changes of location.
Animals tend to produce and perform best when they are under the least amount of stress.
Animals tend to stay within the rules because the rules are enforced by the victim.
Animals tend to tolerate radiation therapy well as compared to some people.
Animals tend to undergo wide population fluctuations in the tundra and polar barrens.
Animals tend to use sexual reproduction to create genetically unique offspring.
Animals test diseases.
Animals then rotate, lying on their sides to enlarge the sides and roof.
Animals therefore manage to remain clean without the use of soap, toothpastes and toothbrushes.
Animals think in pictures and have incredible memories which are sparked by outside sensory stimuli.
Animals think mostly in pictures, but people make meaning through words.
Animals threaten crops.
Animals threaten families.
Animals thrive in conditions.
Animals thrive in ecosystems.
Animals thrive in habitats.
Animals thrive in harsh conditions.
Animals thrive in homes.
Animals thrive in regions.
Animals thrive in such conditions.
Animals thrive in such harsh conditions.
Animals thrive in wetland.
Animals thrive in wildernesses.
Animals thrive on monotony.
Animals thrive on routine.
Animals throw knives, bombs, and other projectile weapons.
Animals to adapt to climates.
Animals to adapt to environments.
Animals to adapt to habitats.
Animals to digest meals.
Animals to drink clean water.
Animals to drink salt water.
Animals to drink water.
Animals to graze on grass.
Animals to kill prey.
Animals to live happy life.
Animals to live life.
Animals to move limbs.
Animals to search for food.
Animals tolerate leech therapy very well.
Animals tolerate presence.
Animals too express themselves in non verbal manners.
Animals too rely on structured communication systems to help transmit information.
Animals too seem to have inborn tendencies to fear certain things.
Animals too take advantage of the tens of thousands of acres of protected land.
Animals touch heads.
Animals transmit diseases.
Animals transmit sound.
Animals transmit viruses.
Animals trapped in the frozen icefall are a food source.
Animals try to cope with variable environments by altering their cellular stress response.
Animals typically adjust like people to change, given the opportunity, time and patience.
Animals typically live with their kin, or their closely related relatives.
Animals undeniably have feelings just like humans.
Animals undergo cellular respiration only.
Animals undergo complete transformation.
Animals undergo development.
Animals undergo major transformation.
Animals undergo meiosis.
Animals undergo reproduction.
Animals undergo sexual reproduction.
Animals undergo transformation.
Animals Unscramble the letters to find the name of an animal.
Animals use a number of signals to communicate.
Animals use a variety of different cues to navigate.
Animals use a variety of redundant mechanisms to find their way around.
Animals use air to breath and plants use air to make food.
Animals use all kinds of methods to protect themselves.
Animals use arms.
Animals use blood.
Animals use body language, too.
Animals use both ears to localize sound.
Animals use camouflage to hide from danger, especially predators.
Animals use chemical bonds for the processes of life.
Animals use claws.
Animals use combat strategies.
Animals use communication primarily to manipulate one another rather than to transfer information.
Animals use concealing or disruptive coloration, disguise, and mimicry to protect themselves.
Animals use different mechanisms to achieve dosage compensation.
Animals use different strategies.
Animals use different tones and sounds to communicate.
Animals use digestion.
Animals use each other to catch their prey.
Animals use echolocation such as the bat and porpoise to find food and avoid obstacles.
Animals use environments.
Animals use feet.
Animals use fields.
Animals use for agricultural purposes.
Animals use for breed purposes.
Animals use for purposes.
Animals use for research purposes.
Animals use for scientific purposes.
Animals use front incisors.
Animals use glycogen for energy storage.
Animals use glycogen.
Animals use heads.
Animals use hormones.
Animals use human resources.
Animals use incisors.
Animals use ingestion.
Animals use instinct, sense of smell, licking behaviors etc. to identify and bond to their young.
Animals use it only for reproduction.
Animals use it to fool each other, including humans.
Animals use kidneys.
Animals use large incisors.
Animals use legs.
Animals use limbs.
Animals use many behaviors to compete with each other for survival.
Animals use many different strategies to blend in with their environment.
Animals use many different strategies.
Animals use map and compass approach.
Animals use methods.
Animals use mouths.
Animals use noise.
Animals use oils and fats for the same reason.
Animals use one or more of their senses to find their food.
Animals use organs.
Animals use oxygen and carbohydrates and exhale carbon dioxide.
Animals use oxygen, water, and glucose to release the stored energy in plants.
Animals use oxygen.
Animals use proteins.
Animals use reproduction.
Animals use resources in the environment to survive.
Animals use resources.
Animals use routes.
Animals use same routes.
Animals use senses.
Animals use sexual reproduction.
Animals use silica and calcium to build shells and skeletons.
Animals use similar substances to paralyze their prey.
Animals use smell.
Animals use some of the materials they get from food to build more skin, bone, and muscle.
Animals use sound in sophisticated ways.
Animals use sound.
Animals use special skills to get food.
Animals use specific routes.
Animals use strategies.
Animals use strong arms.
Animals use strong claws.
Animals use surround water.
Animals use the forested streamside corridors to move from one region to another.
Animals use the oxygen to breathe.
Animals use the tactic of faking their deaths to get out of a pinch, just as humans do.
Animals use their body parts to move around.
Animals use their coloring to hide in the wild.
Animals use their feet for many different tasks.
Animals use their noses as their internet.
Animals use their sense of smell much more than humans do.
Animals use their senses to interact with their environment.
Animals use their senses to respond to stimuli .
Animals use their sounds in intra-specific communication, and reflect underlying emotional states.
Animals use their tails in many ways.
Animals use their teeth for defense and nourishment and show their teeth when angry.
Animals use toes.
Animals use water.
Animals used in banners seems to drive higher click rate.
Animals used in entertainment also face a life of captivity and cruelty.
Animals used in professional rodeo competition are top athletes.
Animals using cilia do a better, smoother, and more complex, job.
Animals utilize asexual reproduction.
Animals utilize proteins.
Animals utilize reproduction.
Animals utilize resources.
Animals utilize sound to localize mates and avoid approaching predators.
Animals utilize the mitochondria within their cells to perform cellular respiration.
Animals vanish, jinnis and giants intrude in the lives of the characters.
Animals vary enormously in their reproductive strategies.
Animals vary greatly in coloration but are very beautifully patterned with bright pigments.
Animals vary in size from the tiny amoeba to the huge blue whale.
Animals vary in their vitamin needs.
Animals vary, and some of the variation is inherited.
Animals visit environments.
Animals visit fields.
Animals visit habitats.
Animals visit water.
Animals wait for prey.
Animals wake or return from warmer climates, often with newborns.
Animals walk and run, birds walk run and fly.
Animals walk barefoot.
Animals walk much slower and seem much more graceful.
Animals walk on feet.
Animals walk on paws.
Animals wander aimlessly.
Animals wander through the plants and features of their wild homes.
Animals wandering the street are much more likely to become ill, injured or killed.
Animals want food.
Animals waste a lot of time and energy courting and keeping a mate.
Animals Watch for loose farm or wild animals on the road.
Animals watch lizards.
Animals weigh ounces.
Animals weigh pounds.
Animals will have advantage.
Animals will have reproductive advantage.
Animals will have slight advantage.
Animals withdraw into caves and hidden places to sleep and dream.
Animals wobble and collapse.
Animals work as well.
Animals always dig at the base of a fence.
Animals always turn in circles and their turning radius depends on their size, height and weight.
Animals frequently carry pathogenic microorganisms which cause foodborne disease.
Animals frequently die of exertion or starvation.
Animals frequently play a role in landscapes.
Animals frequently suffer and die during transport.
Animal often live in loose colonies.
Animals often appear healthy.
Animals often are the main characters of the stories.
Animals often are used to help children with special needs or in visits to hospitals.
Animals often beach themselves when they are already dying.
Animals often benefit from mixed species environments.
Animals often carry a high parasite load, so worming is usually needed.
Animals often compete for food, mates and territory.
Animals often consume various foods at different times of the year.
Animals often contain latent viruses in their cells.
Animals often dig and eat tulip and crocus bulbs during the winter.
Animals often display depression.
Animals often do become newsmakers.
Animals often eat seeds.
Animals often fare even worse.
Animals often feel humans are too serious with questions.
Animals often get access to the plant when branches are blown into their pen after a storm.
Animals often go into shock when injured.
Animals often have feet, and there are a lot of different sorts of foot.
Animals often have gonads, organs that produce eggs or sperm.
Animals often have gonads, specialized organs that produce eggs or sperm.
Animals often have human characteristics.
Animals often have very interesting and humorous views on sharing their lives with humans.
Animals often interact with each other-in groups and one on one.
Animals often learn through observation, that is, by watching other animals.
Animals often lie prostrate and have muscle spasms and convulsions.
Animals often live in caves.
Animals often make choices, plans, and sensible changes.
Animals often make themselves look bigger when facing an enemy.
Animals often make use of plants and plant communities as breeding places and for shelter.
Animals often mask their pain and changes in posture, behavior, and appetite are often significant.
Animals often meet changes in demand with changes in the size of organs and organ capacity.
Animals often play a major role.
Animals often resist going into dark places.
Animals often respond in similar ways as people.
Animals often respond to chemical agents and antidotes differently than humans.
Animals often suffer broken bones.
Animals often suffer needlessly because people delay in reporting abuse and neglect.
Animals often suffer soul loss as well, and require soul retrievals.
Animals often take on human characteristics in narrative writing.
Animals often use single-track paths as a convenient way to get around an otherwise thick forest.
Animals often use the trail since it's easier than climbing through the underbrush.
Animals often use their horns for fighting one another .
Animals often use their horns for fighting one another.
Animals often waste away because feeding is too painful.
Animals sometimes behave in ways which benefit others at cost to themselves.
Animals sometimes bite out of fright.
Animals sometimes break their necks or back attempting to escape the pain.
Animals sometimes break their necks or backs attempting to escape the pain.
Animals sometimes build protective cases around themselves.
Animals sometimes develop cloudiness in their eyes after swallowing naphthalene.
Animals sometimes help psychologists reach patients that are socially withdrawn.
Animals sometimes learn to live closer together, thus more can survive.
Animals sometimes seem to have more sense than people.
Animals sometimes take the same medications.
Animals usually appear healthy.
Animals usually avoid consuming the bitter-tasting foliage if more suitable forage is available.
Animals usually behave better.
Animals usually carry the tail erect, except for the curled tip.
Animals usually clean their fur , feathers or other skin coverings .
Animals usually clean their fur, feathers or other skin coverings.
Animals usually compete for food.
Animals usually compete with each other for food.
Animals usually die from a combination of shock due to sudden blood loss, and liver failure.
Animals usually die in convulsions.
Animals usually die within a couple of months of the onset of clinical signs.
Animals usually emerge from their dens near sunset to begin hunting.
Animals usually have a more sensitive sense of smell than humans.
Animals usually have fecal and urinary incontinence if they are unable to stand and walk.
Animals usually have more personality than humans.
Animals usually have physical and emotional needs for space, freedom, and exercise.
Animals usually leave iris alone.
Animals usually lick, bite or scratch the area, and thus irritate the inflamed skin even more.
Animals usually line up according to rank and wait their turn to drink from the spout.
Animals usually prefer tasty alfalfa over grass.
Animals usually represent the body and the voice of the flesh.
Animals usually reproduce sexually and fungi, plants, protists and bacteria produce asexually.
Animals usually require food from eating other animals or plants.
Animals usually respond to prompt antibiotic therapy.
Animals usually respond well to Radionic treatment.
All animals acquire energy from the food they eat.
All animals alter their environments, but few do so profoundly as the beaver.
All animals appear to be in excellent health entering the breeding season.
All animals are amazing from birth and live in a variety of unique environments.
All animals are are given proper care if they are sick or injured.
All animals are available post USA quarantine and ready for use.
All animals are beings.
All animals are capable of transmitting rabies.
All animals are champions.
All animals are clean, well mannered and enjoy their outings.
All animals are comfortable around and affectionate with both adults and children.
All animals are considered to be multicellular.
All animals are consumers which includes rabbits.
All animals are con-sumers.
All animals are consumers.
All animals are dependent on light to some extent, but birds are particularly sensitive to it.
All animals are dependent on the food created by plants.
All animals are different though.
All animals are different.
All animals are either vertebrates or invertebrates.
All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.
All animals are equal But some animals are more equal than others.
All animals are equal except for some animals who are more equal than others.
All animals are equal, after all.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others.
All animals are equal.
All animals are equally likely to be captured in each sample.
All animals are eukaryotes.
All animals are excitable except buffaloes.
All animals are fascinating.
All animals are flea, earmite and worm free.
All animals are forms of life.
All animals are graded, both mares and stallions, and all are performance tested.
All animals are guarenteed healthy, feeding, and properly sexed.
All animals are health tested.
All animals are held for three business days before being evaluated for adoption.
All animals are heterotrophic and digest food inside their bodies.
All animals are heterotrophic and obtain their food from plants.
All animals are heterotrophic and require oxygen for aerobic respiration.
All animals are heterotrophic, A kingdom that includes only heterotrophs.
All animals are heterotrophic, ingesting living or dead organic matter.
All animals are heterotrophic.
All animals are heterotrophs.
All animals are housed in individual cages.
All animals are humans, they just wear different skins.
All animals are important and have lessons to teach.
All animals are in foster care and are shown by appointment only.
ALL animals are in loving foster homes.
All animals are inefficient digesters.
All animals are kept in volunteer foster homes until they can be placed.
All animals are lead broke, trailer broke, and feet handled.
All animals are liable to insanity, and to many of the diseases common among men.
All animals are limited, as well as defined, by their genetics.
All animals are live, watered and fed before shipping.
All animals are mammals .
All animals are mammals.
All animals are meticulously hand-carved of bass and poplar wood.
All animals are motile, moving about at some point in their life cycle.
All animals are multicellular and eukaryotic.
All animals are multicellular eukaryotes.
All animals are multicellular, some are heterotrophic, and some lack cell walls.
All animals are multicellular, whereas all fungi are unicellular.
All animals are negative for blood catalase activity.
All animals are non-endangered species and have been legally obtained.
All animals are nuisance.
All animals are of good conformation and disposition.
All animals are our friends.
ALL animals are pet quality.
All animals are properly field dressed, hung and then butchered, washed and then freezer rapped.
All animals are properly sexed and feeding at time of sale.
All animals are ready to be loved and provide love to the right person.
All animals are registered world-wide on computer and optimum breeding potential is aimed for.
All animals are selective bred to enhance color and pattern traits.
All animals are spayed or neutered and vaccinated before they are adopted.
All animals are spayed or neutered before leaving and receive the required age-appropriate vaccines.
All Animals Are Still Equal.
All animals are subject to a veterinary examination upon arrival.
All animals are subject to examination by the exhibition staff or their representatives.
All animals are susceptible to buttercup poisoning, but cows are most often poisoned.
All animals are susceptible to strychnine poisoning, but birds are more frequently affected.
All animals are the ultimate responsibility of their owner.
All animals are to be confined and fed on a 'cut and carry' basis.
All animals are to be fed, fitted, entered and shown by the exhibitor.
All animals are to be inspected upon import or export.
All animals are to be regarded as infected with pathogens which are contagious to humans.
All animals are vet inspected.
All animals are wild and potentially dangerous.
All animals are wild.
All animals become very fond of it.
All animals belong in cages.
All animals breathe.
All animals can be dangerous, whether exotic or domestic.
All animals can be poisoned by cyanide, however, ruminants are more susceptible.
All animals can learn, and some can teach, and some can recognize themselves in a mirror.
All animals can learn.
All animals can read both news and gossips.
All animals can reproduce sexually, but a few have some creative alternatives.
All animals can reproduce sexually.
All animals can swim by instinct.
All animals can use the shroom tree for warmth because the shroom tree gives off heat.
All animals carry diseases.
All animals carry two copies of each gene.
All animals carry viruses that can be passed to humans.
All animals come direct from the collector to the customer.
All animals communicate, but only humans do so through language.
All animals communicate.
All animals constantly learn and re-learn behaviour from other members of their group.
All animals consume.
All animals depend on plants .
All animals depend on plants for food.
All animals depend on plants.
All animals depend on some organism to survive.
All animals depend ultimately on plants for their food.
All animals depend upon water to live.
All animals deserve a chance to live, and at that they deserve a happy life.
All animals deserve basic food and shelter provisions.
All animals deserve kindness and compassion.
All animals deserve love and affection.
All animals deserve our respect and compassion.
All animals deserve the opportunity to live with joy and die with dignity.
All animals develop fevers.
All animals develop preferences as to where they like to eliminate.
All animals develop preferences for a particular surface on which they like to eliminate.
All animals develop preferences for where they like to eliminate.
All animals die.
All animals display a prominent white rump.
All animals do better if they can control the temperatures and conditions that they are living at.
All animals do everything they can to avoid pain and accentuate pleasure.
All animals do.
All animals emit pheromones to mate.
All animals employ some form of locomotion to acquire nutrients.
All animals enjoy a variety of toys and daily individual attention.
All animals enjoy sex.
All animals entering Britain from Canada are still subject to quarantine regulations.
All animals entering Wisconsin require a certificate of veterinary inspection.
All animals eventually grow old and die.
All animals exhibit six common behavioral patterns in a stereotypical manner.
All animals exploit nature, in the sense of using natural resources in order to survive.
All animals face the same central problem of osmoregulation.
All animals fear man if raised in the wild.
All animals fit into the total harmony of nature and are balanced.
All animals generally have a life cycle.
All animals get their energy for survival from plants or other animals.
All animals glean energy from a diet of fats, carbohydrates, and proteins.
All animals go through a set of changes called a life cycle.
All animals go through our grooming department before being placed up for adoption.
All animals have a card on the front of the kennel door.
All animals have a comfort zone.
All animals have a common ancestor.
All animals have a life cycle.
All animals have a mid side spot put on for ease of sampling at shearing.
All animals have a mind connection to humans.
All animals have a right to die, either singly or in numbers.
All animals have a similar brain area.
All animals have a stress response, which can be life-saving in some situations.
All animals have adaptations that fit their environments.
All animals have an avoidance reaction to noxious and dangerous stimuli.
All animals have an evolutionary past.
All animals have basic needs.
All animals have basic requirements of food, water, shelter, and space.
All animals have birth charts.
All animals have bodies that can take a certain climate, cold or warm, wet or dry.
All animals have brains so as to be able to move about.
All animals have current licenses and vaccinations.
All animals have distemper shots and deworming.
All animals have equal rights to exist within the context of biological equilibrium .
All animals have extraordinary abilities to heal themselves.
All animals have free access to dens and shady areas.
All animals have gametic meiosis , meaning that meiosis leads directly to the production of gametes.
All animals have growth rates, which appear to be related to the composition of their mothers' milk.
All animals have hair or fur.
All animals have instincts.
All animals have low levels of parasites.
All animals have many ways of communicating, although some ways are more pleasant than others.
All animals have modes of communication, i.e. speech.
All animals have natural enemies.
All animals have non-specific barriers to pathogens.
All animals have numerous nonspecific barriers against pathogens.
All animals have offspring, usually with two parents involved.
All animals have reflexes.
All animals have repair mechanisms, humans seem to have better than average.
All animals have rights, but some animals have gay rights too.
All animals have similar cell responses.
All animals have skin to protect their bodies from different kinds of weather.
All animals have some fat surrounding their internal organs such as the liver and heart.
All animals have some form of a respiratory system.
All animals have some kind of sex organs .
All animals have some kind of sex organs.
All animals have some memory, some reasoning ability, and some decision making ability.
All animals have some other animal that is their parent, and that parent is older than they are.
All animals have the ability to increase their numbers at an astonishing rate.
All animals have the potential to reproduce until they deplete their food resources.
All animals have the right to attention, care and protection provided by human beings.
All animals have the right to be free of pain.
All animals have the right to be respected.
All animals have the same interest in avoiding pain and death.
All animals have their own life cycle of growth and decline.
All animals have their role in maintaining a healthy ecosystem.
All animals have their special place and contribute to the magic here.
All animals have thousands of cells, unless they are microscopic.
All animals have to be well- adapt ed to the cold.
All animals have to eat to live.
All animals have to get rid of the nitrogen that is left over after breaking down proteins.
All animals have to have water.
All animals have to hunt even the herbivores.
All animals have to kill to survive.
All animals have to react to changes in their environment if they are to survive.
All animals have trails.
All animals have unique variations in genes from individual to individual.
All animals have variations within their species.
All animals have what is known as circadian rhythms .
All animals help to keep nature in a harmonious balance.
All animals including humans are consumers, which obtain food by eating other organisms.
All animals interact with their environment.
All animals likes music- in a prison they dote on it.
All animals live a social existence.
All animals live by eating other animals or plants.
All animals live in habitats.
All animals live in spacious communal enclosures, and no animal is ever confined alone.
All animals located at the facility are unable to be released.
All animals love sand.
All animals move around within their habitat on a daily basis.
All animals move in the same way.
All animals move, grow, eat and breathe.
All animals obey their inborn Instincts and never stray.
All animals obtain their food, directly or indirectly, from plants.
All animals pass through a blastula stage.
All animals placed for adoption are up to date with immunizations and blood work.
All animals produce colostrum before they produce any milk for their newsborn offspring.
All animals receive a health exam, vaccinations, and testing for feline leukemia or heartworms.
All animals receive clean bedding and fresh water daily.
All animals receive love, attention, and respect from our staff and volunteers.
All animals receive medical care, health checks, vaccinations and are spay or neutered.
All animals receive two drenches, six weeks apart, at the beginning of summer.
All animals relish the foliage.
All animals rely on senses of taste and smell to find acceptable food for survival.
All animals reproduce by sexual reproduction or by asexual reproduction.
All animals reproduce sexually by forming haploid gametes of unequal size, the egg and the sperm.
All animals reproduce.
All animals require absolute levels of protein and other essential nutrients.
All animals require food, water, shelter and space.
All animals require oxygen whether they obtain it from air or water.
All animals require some dental care, especially as they age.
All animals respend to healing energies.
All animals respire.
All animals return home.
All animals seem to have haunches on the backs of their back legs.
All animals seem to have minds in the first sense.
All animals seems to have high similarity.
All animals share basic traits.
All animals share certain features.
All animals shed and produce new hair.
All animals shed their winter coats to reveal the beautiful spotted summer coats.
All animals show changes with age, and A. californica are no different.
All animals show variations and options of behavior.
All animals slop water and food.
All animals spill and drip water and food.
All animals stand on their own merits, none receive preference.
All animals start from eggs.
All animals start life as a single egg cell.
All animals survive and respond to the environment in seven different ways.
All animals survive by eating other organisms or parts and products of other organisms.
All animals talk in their own way.
All animals understand how to survive in their natural habitat.
All animals understand their job.
All animals use it.
All animals use oxygen and give off carbon dioxide.
All animals use sexual reproduction.
All animals use their color patterns for some vital purpose, mostly to avoid becoming a prey.
All animals use their kidney to excrete excess water and waste products from their organism.
All animals use their teeth and fangs to protect themselves.
All animals used are specific pathogen free, and our animal facility is state of the art.
All animals welcome, people too.
All animals welcome.
Any animal can be violent or savage.
Any animal can become sick however, and sometimes for no apparent reason.
Any animal can do that.
Any animal can get cancer.
Any animal has a number of instincts that allow that being to avoid death.
Any animal injured at the nightly rodeo receives care.
Any animal is fair game.
Any animal is in the taxonomical kingdom Animalia.
Any animal killed by a human has the right to die as quickly and painlessly as possible.
Every animal adopted is spayed or neutered, as per the law.
Every animal being cared for has a story.
Every animal can be dangerous, and every human can be dangerous.
Every animal contains a complex system of tiny tubes.
Every animal deserves adequate food, water, shelter, and medical care.
Every animal does it.
Every animal eats an animal that is smaller than itself.
Every animal ever living on Earth is here.
Every animal gets a hug, even the big elk.
Every animal goes through different stages of growth.
Every animal goes through natural selection.
Every animal has a beating heart, every animal has emotions, and every animal wants to survive.
Every animal has a different level of activity, metabolism and ambient environmental temperature.
Every animal has a gene that gives prion protein.
Every animal has a genome, and almost every genome is stored in multiple copies.
Every animal has a genus name and a species name.
Every animal has a mating story.
Every animal has a personality and the challenge is to understand their behaviour.
Every animal has a personality.
Every animal has a sexual orientation.
Every animal has a way of protecting itself.
Every animal has affinity to some degree, but man is capable of feeling an especially large amount.
Every animal has amazing adaptations for survival.
Every animal has an itch triangle.
Every animal has an unrevealed history, a secret romance, a craven heart.
Every animal has feet that are just right.
Every animal has four limbs.
Every animal has it's job.
Every animal has love and companionship to give.
Every animal has needs.
Every animal has some way of protecting itself from predators.
Every animal has special characteristics and physical features that help it survive.
Every animal has special nutritional concerns and llamas are no exception.
Every animal has species-specific behavior patterns.
Every animal has specific needs for food.
Every animal has the ability to protect itself from being someone's next meal.
Every animal has the right to be taken care of and loved.
Every animal has their own bed, blanket and toys.
Every animal has tissues that develop to form embryonic layers.
Every animal has to adapt itself physically and behaviorally to survive in a particular environment.
Every animal has to function as it builds itself.
Every animal has to poop and fleas are no exception.
Every animal has value and worth.
Every animal hibernates in different ways.
Every animal is a magical, mystical, divine presence.
Every animal is a potential threat.
Every animal is a special gift.
Every animal is born with an integral supply of enzymes.
Every animal is different.
Every animal is endowed with certain instincts and capabilities when they are born.
Every animal is in a relationship of superiority or inferiority with regard to every other.
Every animal is like some animals and unlike others.
Every animal is placed in an individual container or compartment of the cabinet.
Every animal is predestined food for some other animal.
Every animal is run by three primary instinctual drives.
Every animal is sold before it is purchased.
Every animal is spayed or neutered before it is adopted.
Every animal is special.
Every animal is suited or adapted to the place where it lives.
Every animal is tolerated to be aggressive.
Every animal is tracked and fully documented.
Every animal is treated with the utmost respect and love.
Every animal mates only with a member of the same species.
Every animal moves differently.
Every animal needs a break, anything in training.
Every animal needs a place in which to live.
Every animal needs a place to live.
Every animal needs an appropriate environment in which to live including people.
Every animal needs an appropriate environment in which to live, including people.
Every animal needs differing enrichment techniques that suit their behavioral characteristics.
Every animal needs some basics.
Every animal needs to be fed.
Every animal provides energy for the animal that eats it.
Every animal receives the finest care until a suitable permanent home is found.
Every animal requires oxygen to live.
Every animal tries to face the source of the threat.
Every animals has basic needs to survive in an ecosystem.
Many animal are visible now as the move from higher elevations to the thermal basins.
Many animals abound.
Many animals acquire otherwise inaccessible food with the aid of sticks and occasionally water.
Many animals advertise their venom with color, behavior, or sound.
Many animals already exist that carry human genes.
Many animals also adapt to their surroundings.
Many animals also develop a strong territorial attachment to their pens or pastures.
Many animals also drink from bromeliads and some even breed or live in the pool, such as dart frogs.
Many animals also find shelter in trees.
Many animals also have chitin.
Many animals also have second litters in the late summer and early fall.
Many animals also leave distinctive odors that can reveal their presence.
Many animals also live here.
Many animals also make machines out of dirt, wood, and stone.
Many animals also use their teeth as tools.
Many animals alternate between sleeping and waking in a daily cycle.
Many animals are able to respond to climate at a faster rate than plants.
Many animals are active at night when temperatures are cooler.
Many animals are active at night.
Many animals are active at the same time each day.
Many animals are active only during the rainy season.
Many animals are adapted to feed on plankton, especially by filtering the water.
Many animals are allergic to chocolate.
Many animals are allergic to flea bites and can become ill if flea problems go untreated.
Many animals are also pointy, or streamlined, in the direction of frequent body motion.
Many animals are arboreal, including the sugar glider.
Many animals are available for adoption.
Many animals are both predator and prey, and are positioned part way along the food chain.
Many animals are both predator and prey, as they can eat and be eaten by other animals.
Many animals are both primary consumers and secondary or tertiary consumers.
Many animals are capable of omitting meaningful sounds.
Many animals are capable of surviving extended periods without breathing at all.
Many animals are deceitful.
Many animals are dependent on palmettos for survival.
Many animals are effectively sedentary in spite of great dispersal potential.
Many animals are fast over distances, but few can rival the darting speed which weasel can move.
Many animals are gift givers.
Many animals are harmful to rice but useful to fish, and vice versa.
Many animals are illegal to own as pets, including snails, sloths, and elephants.
Many animals are injured each year in falls from upper story apartments.
Many animals are inquisitive by nature.
Many animals are masters of disguise and very difficult to see in their natural surroundings.
Many animals are migratory and can only be seen during certain seasons.
Many animals are most active and can be most easily approached at night.
Many animals are most active at sunset.
Many animals are nocturnal, coming out after the sun goes down.
Many animals are out and the scenery is fantastic.
Many animals are persistent carriers.
Many animals are predators of the banana slug, including birds, raccoons, snakes, and salamanders.
Many animals are predators to eggs, which are the size of a ping-pong ball.
Many animals are quite capable of all sorts of problem solving.
Many animals are quite similar to each other.
Many animals are sentient.
Many animals are social - they live in groups.
Many animals are social and show visible signs of distress if isolated from others of their kind.
Many animals are social.
Many animals are stressed and predisposed to diseases.
Many animals are territorial.
Many animals are there, however, disguised or hidden from sight.
Many animals are utilized in the manufacture of fertilizers.
Many animals are wary of strange men.
Many animals are well suited for easy and inexpensive culture in the classroom.
Many animals arrive at the store already severely emaciated and dehydrated.
Many animals avoid cold weather by traveling to warmer places.
Many animals avoid the cold altogether.
Many animals awaken and start moving about.
Many animals become non-ambulatory when they become weak and emaciated.
Many animals become non-ambulatory when they become weak.
Many animals become very aggressive if they believe their young are in danger.
Many animals begin life as microorganisms too small to see with the naked eye.
Many animals behave the same way.
Many animals blend seamlessly into their environment to avoid being seen.
Many animals break their necks as they struggle to escape.
Many animals breed on the land, but none live on the continent.
Many animals browse on grass or burrow in the ground.
Many animals browse the twigs and buds in winter and spring.
Many animals browse the twigs and it is a favorite food of beaver.
Many animals build and use machines.
Many animals camouflage or protect themselves by blending into their surroundings.
Many animals can also replace new appendages by regeneration.
Many animals can also switch the coloring agent in the hair follicle on and off.
Many animals can carry rabies for weeks or months without showing symptoms.
Many animals can detect the earth's magnetic field.
Many animals can disappear for months and then turn up.
Many animals can exist nowhere but in their own environment and ecosystem.
Many animals can go on to be serviceable and companions for life.
Many animals can hear ultrasound, however.
Many animals can incubate rabies for weeks or months without showing signs.
Many animals can learn a behaviour or acquire a dietary preference from another animal.
Many animals can learn to associate one stimulus with another.
Many animals can regenerate a lost limb or tail as easily as humans can heal a flesh wound.
Many animals can regenerate lost parts from differentiated cells that remain nearby.
Many animals can see clearly both in water and on land.
Many animals can see in the dark better than humans can.
Many animals can sense an earthquake before the first windows in a building start shaking.
Many animals can sense things that people are unaware of or sense weakly.
Many animals can tell their young apart by scent.
Many animals can tolerate only a narrow range of external osmotic environments.
Many animals can trigger asthma exacerbations.
Many animals carry parasites such as fleas, ticks and lice.
Many animals caught as bycatch are already dead when hauled aboard a fishing vessel.
Many animals come alive at night as schoolchildren are settling into their cozy tents.
Many animals come from eggs.
Many animals come into care because they have been hurt by rubbish left by careless people.
Many animals come into view at dusk and dawn.
Many animals come out after the sun goes down.
Many animals come with sounds as well.
Many animals communicate by making noises.
Many animals communicate extensively using such behaviours.
Many animals communicate information about themselves without necessarily changing their behaviour.
Many animals communicate through vocalization.
Many animals consume the nuts and fruits of trees.
Many animals cooperate while hunting, but almost always in family groups.
Many animals correspond to more than one element.
Many animals depend on a healthy reef for protection, and a place to feed and reproduce.
Many animals depend on acorns each fall to get through the winter.
Many animals depend on plants.
Many animals depend on the prairies for food.
Many animals depend on wetlands for some part of their life cycle, like fish, frogs and mosquitoes.
Many animals develop in separate stages.
Many animals develop skin changes in the area being treated.
Many animals die because of the pollution.
Many animals die due to lack of water in their enclosures.
Many animals die during capture and transportation for sale.
Many animals die en route to slaughter.
Many animals die from the fires.
Many animals die in oil spills.
Many animals die quickly, buried alive when the bulldozer moves through.
Many animals die, and for little to no reason at all.
Many animals dig burrows .
Many animals dig burrows.
Many animals dislike having their nails trimmed.
Many animals disperse seeds, often by eating fruit and passing the seeds in their feces.
Many animals display profound grief at the loss or absence of a relative or companion.
Many animals display symmetry along one axis and asymmetry along another.
Many animals do both.
Many animals do eat their own kind especially when food is scarce.
Many animals do feed on tree buds, particularly in the spring when the buds begin to swell.
Many animals do it with their own biochemical bouquets known as pheromones.
Many animals do their living, hunting and eating in the concealing darkness of night.
Many animals do.
Many animals eat a wide range of food, including grasses, fruits, fresh meat, and carrion.
Many animals eat birds and their eggs.
Many animals eat faeces , either their own or that of other animal groups .
Many animals eat faeces, either their own or that of other animal groups.
Many animals eat lots of plastic and starve to death.
Many animals eat maple seeds, and the leaves are used as nesting materials.
Many animals eat meerkats .
Many animals eat meerkats.
Many animals eat midge larvae.
Many animals eat other consumers rather than primary producers.
Many animals eat plankton directly, or feed on animals that eat plankton.
Many animals eat plants and then the animals' bodies store up the food that was in the plants.
Many animals eat plants that are toxic to humans.
Many animals eat plants.
Many animals eat poop on a regular basis.
Many animals eat sea grass such as turtles, dugongs, mollusks and urchins.
Many animals eat snails.
Many animals eat the berries.
Many animals eat the shroom tree.
Many animals ejaculate when they reproduce sexually .
Many animals ejaculate when they reproduce sexually.
Many animals endure unnatural conditions, such as living their whole life lying in a cage.
Many animals enjoy eating sagebrush.
Many animals enter and exit our doors daily.
Many animals experience an amazing transformation that refutes evolution.
Many animals fart too.
Many animals feed from multiple trophic levels and on a large number of species.
Many animals feed on caterpillars as they are rich in protein.
Many animals feed on eggs.
Many animals feed on grass and leaves, others feed on mice and other small animals.
Many animals feel the pinch and are at great risk of disappearing forever.
Many animals find fireworks scary.
Many animals find it difficult to go up or down stairs.
Many animals find shelter either in the root or branches of the mangroves.
Many animals find shelter either in the roots or branches of mangroves.
Many animals find shelter either in the roots or branches.
Many animals flourish in Malaysia.
Many animals focus intently on aesthetic standards and ideals.
Many animals get attention when they misbehave.
Many animals get their energy from eating plants.
Many animals get their oxygen from the air.
Many animals give birth in the spring.
Many animals go below ground during the heat of a summer day.
Many animals go for the minimum bid.
Many animals go to water in the evening as the sun is going down and just as it is coming up.
Many animals hatch from eggs.
Many animals have a change in the sound of their voice.
Many animals have a gregarious instinct.
Many animals have a larval stage, with a body plan different from that of the adult organism.
Many animals have a marked change in voice.
Many animals have a relatively simple life cycle.
Many animals have a skeleton to provide support.
Many animals have a wider range of hearing and therefore can pick up much higher sounds than humans.
Many animals have an instinctive way of seeking shelter in the dark.
Many animals have anti-predator adaptations.
Many animals have common features.
Many animals have copulatory organs to transfer the male gametes.
Many animals have cunning ways of hiding from predators.
Many animals have different characteristics.
Many animals have different methods of surviving in the environment.
Many animals have false heads or eye spots.
Many animals have impressive problem solving skills and can use rocks or sticks as tools.
Many animals have it , too .
Many animals have it, too.
Many animals have large eyes and are able to see thirty times better in dim light than humans.
Many animals have mate-selection courtship rituals .
Many animals have mate-selection courtship rituals.
Many animals have parasites.
Many animals have peculiar methods of attracting mates .
Many animals have pigments other than melanin, and some also have structural colours.
Many animals have shorter legs and ears to minimize exposing their skin to the cold.
Many animals have simple tube digestive systems.
Many animals have skeletons to give their body structure and support.
Many animals have special organs that are used in reproduction.
Many animals have specialized needs which are just being found.
Many animals have specific salinity requirements for different parts of their life cycle.
Many animals have striking colors and markings that warn their predators that they taste bad.
Many animals have teeth to help tear apart or chew food.
Many animals have their breeding seasons in spring.
Many animals have their skin composed of epithelium.
Many animals have their skins protected by dense fur.
Many animals have to be killed, or die each year due to unlawful feeding.
Many animals have useful appendages.
Many animals have vision tuned specifically to their requirements.
Many animals hibernate at certain times of the year and reproduce at other times.
Many animals hibernate during winter months.
Many animals hibernate or migrate south during winter.
Many animals hibernate, further reducing the space and food required to support the animals.
Many animals hibernate, or sleep during the worst part of winter to minimize energy loss.
Many animals hibernate.
Many animals hunt adult kiwis, including dogs and ferrets.
Many animals including deer, squirrel, wild turkey, and great blue heron live in the area all year.
Many animals including elk, deer and an occasional bear or buffalo wander through the property.
Many animals including the raccoon have a home range or territory in which they spend their lives.
Many animals just go ahead and eat the acorns when they are plentiful.
Many animals keep the same partner.
Many animals lack ears altogether.
Many animals lay eggs in water, on leaves, or in nests.
Many animals leap from bough to bough, and sometimes fall to the ground.
Many animals learn key information for survival.
Many animals learn to get food by watching their parents.
Many animals learn to recognize their surroundings to determine their route.
Many animals leave allergens, such as dander, hair, feathers or skin, in the air.
Many animals like to eat caterpillars.
Many animals live and die in man's interest.
Many animals live for generations in total darkness before losing their pigment.
Many animals live here including jaguars, red-eyed tree frogs and leopards.
Many animals live in and eat such things, and wholesale removal can disturb whole populations.
Many animals live in burrows well below the level in which the sun's rays penetrate.
Many animals live in groups with special names and unique social activities.
Many animals live in rivers and lakes.
Many animals live in the badlands today.
Many animals live in the canopy, where they eat fruits and insects.
Many animals live in the Everglades.
Many animals live in the oceans, in a variety of conditions.
Many animals live in the rain forest.
Many animals live in the understory, such as snakes and frogs.
Many animals live in the water, on the water, over the water, or near the water.
Many animals live in the water.
Many animals live in the woods.
Many animals live in, on, and around ponds.
Many animals live on or in sponges, exploiting their sessile habit.
Many animals live on or slightly below the sediment-water interface.
Many animals live out their lives in the peaceful sanctuary.
Many animals live their lives in extreme weather conditions.
Many animals live their lives on the milkweed plant or visit it to feed.
Many animals live there.
Many animals live within the unique environment of the rice fields.
Many animals look ahead in a limited way, predicting when winter is coming.
Many animals look alike.
Many animals lose almost all of their color when they shed.
Many animals love apples as a treat.
Many animals make cactus their home.
Many animals make dat mistake.
Many animals make good pets.
Many animals make the river bottom their home.
Many animals make their homes in and around the various native plants in Martin Park.
Many animals make their homes in the park.
Many animals make their homes in the rainforest.
Many animals make their nests here, so meat is easy to catch.
Many animals mate for life.
Many animals migrate in the fall or winter.
Many animals migrate out of the savanna during the dry season.
Many animals migrate to avoid the colder months.
Many animals migrate to more southerly regions.
Many animals migrate to rivers or rain forests in the dry season.
Many animals migrate, traveling to avoid bad weather, to find food, or to reproduce.
Many animals mourn their dead mates and family members, too.
Many animals move around quite a bit.
Many animals move between both rooms.
Many animals move from the mountain slopes to the valley and back each day.
Many animals naturally live in colonies, yet are kept as single pets.
Many animals never learn road safety, and die simply due to the presence of roads.
Many animals perform dancelike movements in situations similar to human courtship and play.
Many animals pollinate flowers in exchange for food in the form of pollen or nectar.
Many animals practice cannibalism.
Many animals prey on the eggs and young poults of turkeys.
Many animals prey on turtle eggs and newborn turtles.
Many animals prey upon chickens.
Many animals prey upon squid, including many sharks and other fish , some whales , and people.
Many animals prey upon turkeys, including skunks , owls , raccoons , hawks, bobcats, and snakes.
Many animals produce pheromones to mark territorial boundaries.
Many animals provide shells to the reef mass.
Many animals pursue prey.
Many animals rear up on their hind legs whilst fighting or copulating.
Many animals receive no parental care at all.
Many animals recover, but are left debilitated.
Many animals recover, but they remain weak.
Many animals rely on estuaries for food, places to breed, and migration stopovers.
Many animals rely on it all year round for water and the bank is a great place to look for tracks.
Many animals rely on it for food.
Many animals rely on plants for shelter as well as oxygen and food.
Many animals rely on sounds to communicate to others in their species.
Many animals rely on their instincts to sense approaching danger, or when searching for a mate.
Many animals remain, eking out a living through special adaptations to the cold and snow.
Many animals reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Many animals reproduce through internal fertilization.
Many animals require exercise and outdoor activity.
Many animals require fiber in their diet to stay healthy.
Many animals respond differently to drops in temperature .
Many animals respond to chemical cues from predators with reduced activity.
Many animals respond to the presence of predators with conspicuous signals such as alarm calling.
Many animals retain their ability to regrow organs and regenerate extremities.
Many animals rub trees, or in bedding down for the night, they leave pieces of fur behind.
Many animals run free.
Many animals scrape or bite their food off the reef with some sort of hard stmcture.
Many animals secrete chemical substances called pheromones.
Many animals secrete pheromones as way of influencing other animals of the same species.
Many animals seek shelter during the hot part of the day.
Many animals seek shelter from the heat, so summer wildlife viewing is poor.
Many animals seek the comparative coolness or warmth of caves, cracks, or crevices.
Many animals seek water to cool down.
Many animals seem to disappear in the wintertime.
Many animals seem to know when they are nearing their destination and wake up.
Many animals sense trouble and look for places to hide.
Many animals share habitats.
Many animals show evidence of abstract thinking, deception, and problem solving.
Many animals show interesting cooperations when dealing with predators.
Many animals sleep during the day or rest in the shade to minimize water loss.
Many animals sleep more often when food is scarce, but only a few truly hibernate.
Many animals sleep, hibernate, or become very inactive during bad weather.
Many animals solve problems by observing the behavior of other individuals.
Many animals spend part of their lives in the swamp, moving as water levels rise and fall.
Many animals spend part or all of their life in a social group.
Many animals spend the summer months raising their young.
Many animals spend thousands of miles on the road to hell.
Many animals starve when they are unable to reach seeds, buds, or other food locked in the ice.
Many animals stay together throughout their lives.
Many animals still live in cages, but the tendency is towards open enclosures.
Many animals store food for long periods of time to prevent starvation.
Many animals survive life in the desert by coming out only at night.
Many animals survive the winter by hibernating.
Many animals survive through cooperation.
Many animals survive winter in or around the tundra by partially freezing.
Many animals sustain terrible wounds from dog and cat attacks.
Many animals swallow small rocks that stay in their stomachs.
Many animals take advantage of the subalpine.
Many animals tend to stay overweight and develop dry, flaky skin.
Many animals thrive in such a mosaic.
Many animals thus prefer bilaterally symmetric characteristics in potential mates.
Many animals travel in groups.
Many animals try to cross the road in search of food, shelter or mates.
Many animals try to maintain a certain amount of territory.
Many animals try to make themselves look bigger to scare off attackers.
Many animals turn up their noses at any deviation from their usual diets.
Many animals urinate at strategic points to define the border of their own territory.
Many animals use abandoned armadillo burrows.
Many animals use algae as their primary food supply.
Many animals use calcium for shells, bones, and teeth.
Many animals use camouflage for protective coloration.
Many animals use camouflage to hide from predators and to avoid being seem while hunting.
Many animals use chemical defense against predators.
Many animals use concealing coloration to blend into the surroundings having the same color.
Many animals use holes in the ice to breathe and as escape routes from larger predators.
Many animals use ingested beta-carotene as a precursor for the synthesis of vitamin A .
Many animals use more than one type of mimicry .
Many animals use more than one type of mimicry.
Many animals use olfactory cues to locate mates, food, or suitable habitat.
Many animals use pheromones to attract mates from a distance.
Many animals use pheromones to find a mate.
Many animals use signals to settle contests, thus avoiding the costs associated with fighting.
Many animals use signs and sounds to communicate with each other .
Many animals use signs and sounds to communicate with each other.
Many animals use simple tools.
Many animals use sonar to navigate, locate, and avoid obstacles.
Many animals use sound to communicate, especially when it comes to wooing the opposite sex.
Many animals use Spanish moss for protection, taking cover in thick masses of pendent strands.
Many animals use sponges for shelter.
Many animals use such structures to produce colour.
Many animals use the coastal plain of the Refuge for nesting and calving grounds.
Many animals use the sun or the moon for geographical orientation.
Many animals use the trees as a source of food and shelter.
Many animals use the variation in duration of melatonin production each day as a seasonal clock.
Many animals use their legs to move around.
Many animals use two or three forest structure types.
Many animals use vocal noises that carry meaning, such as warnings or courtship rituals.
Many animals use vocalisations to advertise their territory.
Many animals wake up from the winter rest and all the plants become green.
More animals are around than meet the eye.
More animals join in, and the commotion gets louder every day.
More animals live in hot deserts than in cold deserts.
More animals live in the canopy than in any other part of the forest.
More animals means more plants.
More Animals Travel Than People.
Most animals absorb heat.
Most animals absorb oxygen.
Most animals achieve states.
Most animals acquire characteristics.
Most animals acquire energy.
Most animals acquire immunity.
Most animals acquire knowledge.
Most animals acquire partial immunity.
Most animals acquire physical characteristics.
Most animals actually escape the fires.
Most animals adapt to aquatic environments.
Most animals adapt to arid habitats.
Most animals adapt to change environmental conditions.
Most animals adapt to climates.
Most animals adapt to cold climates.
Most animals adapt to conditions.
Most animals adapt to countries.
Most animals adapt to deep snow conditions.
Most animals adapt to diets.
Most animals adapt to different countries.
Most animals adapt to dry conditions.
Most animals adapt to elevation.
Most animals adapt to environmental conditions.
Most animals adapt to environments.
Most animals adapt to habitats.
Most animals adapt to humans.
Most animals adapt to life.
Most animals adapt to lower elevation.
Most animals adapt to pressure.
Most animals adapt to problems.
Most animals adapt to regions.
Most animals adapt to require specific conditions.
Most animals adapt to rocky terrains.
Most animals adapt to snow conditions.
Most animals adapt to specific conditions.
Most animals adapt to specific habitats.
Most animals adapt to survival.
Most animals adapt to terrains.
Most animals adapt to terrestrial habitats.
Most animals adapt to urban environments.
Most animals adapt to vary conditions.
Most animals adapt to water.
Most animals adopt strategies.
Most animals affect development.
Most animals affect diversity.
Most animals affect genetic diversity.
Most animals also have organs.
Most animals alter environments.
Most animals apparently recover if kept calm.
Most animals appear during eras.
Most animals appear in countries.
Most animals appear in environments.
Most animals appear in habitats.
Most animals appear in regions.
Most animals appear very thin, with fluid diarrhea.
Most animals approach a trap set from the downwind side.
Most animals approach maturity.
Most animals approach puberty.
Most animals approach somatic maturity.
Most animals approach surfaces.
Most animals are able to eat a variety of foods.
Most animals are able to fend for themselves relatively soon after birth.
Most animals are able to go home the same day.
Most animals are active near dawn and dusk, settling down in the heat of the day.
Most animals are adaptable, so it is important to vary the methods.
Most animals are attacked by predators.
Most animals are bilaterally symmetrical.
Most animals are binocular, spiders for the most part octonooular, and some . . . senoevlar.
Most animals are black in coloration with a few white individuals also occurring.
Most animals are capable of independent movement.
Most animals are capable of movement at least in some portion of their life cycle.
Most animals are capable of moving relatively fast, unlike plants.
Most animals are classified as mammals.
Most animals are dark on top and light underneath .
Most animals are dark on top and light underneath.
Most animals are designed to be efficient in only one area.
Most animals are diploid, with two sets of chromosomes in a single nucleus.
Most animals are eaten by animals.
Most animals are eaten by other animals.
Most animals are euthanized after being used in an experiment.
Most animals are evolved from ancestors.
Most animals are evolved from animals.
Most animals are evolved from evolution.
Most animals are evolved from organisms.
Most animals are fostered and loved in volunteer homes until a permanent home is found.
Most animals are found near sources.
Most animals are happiest when they have a set routine.
Most animals are harvested for meat.
Most animals are herbivores, however some carnivores and omnivores are thrown in.
Most animals are herbivores.
Most animals are highly protective of their young.
Most animals are inside environments.
Most animals are inside forests.
Most animals are inside habitats.
Most animals are inside regions.
Most animals are interested in smells of any kind.
Most animals are invertebrates - animals without backbones.
Most animals are invertebrates.
Most animals are killed by predators.
Most animals are known as vertebrates.
Most animals are located in continents.
Most animals are located in ecosystems.
Most animals are located in groups.
Most animals are located in habitats.
Most animals are located in hills.
Most animals are located in nature.
Most animals are located in regions.
Most animals are located in sea.
Most animals are located on continents.
Most animals are male or female but snails, for example, are both.
Most animals are motile , meaning they can move spontaneously and independently.
Most animals are motile during at least part of their life cycle.
Most animals are motile, at least during certain life stages.
Most animals are motile, meaning they can move spontaneously and independently.
Most animals are near the mean, while a few are very good or very poor.
Most animals are only able to reproduce during a certain time period.
Most animals are ready to go home the next day.
Most animals are scared of their size.
Most animals are sleepy the first day and acting normal the next.
Most animals are smart enough to associate certain people with painful experiences.
Most animals are social by nature.
Most animals are somewhere in between.
Most animals are unable to get out of a swimming pool at the edge.
Most animals are usually most active and visible while feeding in early morning and late evening.
Most animals are very quick to identify anything that is out of place.
Most animals are what they are.
Most animals arrive unvaccinated, and many harbor contagious diseases.
Most animals attain maturity.
Most animals attain maximum weight.
Most animals attain sexual maturity.
Most animals attain weight.
Most animals attempt to blend in to their environment for protection.
Most animals attract fleas.
Most animals attract mates.
Most animals attract mosquitoes.
Most animals attract partners.
Most animals attract predators.
Most animals avoid mating with their close kin.
Most animals avoid people.
Most animals avoid the cold by migrating.
Most animals avoid the leaves.
Most animals await the arrival of summer with eager anticipation.
Most animals become easy prey.
Most animals become endangered because they lose their houses.
Most animals become food sources.
Most animals become food.
Most animals become parents.
Most animals become pests.
Most animals become pets.
Most animals become prey.
Most animals become sources.
Most animals beg for food.
Most animals begin life.
Most animals belong to genus.
Most animals belong to the first group.
Most animals benefit from diets.
Most animals bring food.
Most animals build round homes.
Most animals bury eggs.
Most animals can also show that they hurt or suffer when their basic needs are denied.
Most animals can distinguish thousands of odors.
Most animals can easily jump over or pass through the obstruction.
Most animals can have conflict.
Most animals can have devastate effects.
Most animals can have effects.
Most animals can have hypertension.
Most animals can have severe hypertension and show no outward signs that anything is wrong.
Most animals can have severe hypertension.
Most animals can hide in only one set of surroundings.
Most animals can move about, at least for some part of their life cycle.
Most animals can move around from one place to another.
Most animals can move from place to place.
Most animals carry bacteria.
Most animals carry cat fleas.
Most animals carry diseases.
Most animals carry fleas.
Most animals carry food.
Most animals carry genes.
Most animals carry offspring.
Most animals carry organisms.
Most animals carry parasites.
Most animals carry rabies viruses.
Most animals carry salmonellas.
Most animals carry viruses.
Most animals catch food.
Most animals caught in glue boards suffer slow and agonizing deaths.
Most animals cause problems.
Most animals change over time.
Most animals change slowly over centuries - a process of gradual evolution.
Most animals chew food.
Most animals chew vegetation.
Most animals choose mates.
Most animals choose to live in the world as they see it.
Most animals collect food.
Most animals come from animals.
Most animals come from continents.
Most animals come from countries.
Most animals come from earth.
Most animals come from ecosystems.
Most animals come from eggs that are produced by the female animals.
Most animals come from families.
Most animals come from habitats.
Most animals come from regions.
Most animals come in contact.
Most animals come into heat.
Most animals come into seasons.
Most animals come into territory.
Most animals come to clean water.
Most animals come to water.
Most animals compete for food.
Most animals compete for resources.
Most animals conserve energy.
Most animals conserve heat.
Most animals consume animal prey.
Most animals consume blood.
Most animals consume bugs.
Most animals consume certain plants.
Most animals consume diets.
Most animals consume energy.
Most animals consume foliage.
Most animals consume food.
Most animals consume fruit.
Most animals consume more than their daily requirement.
Most animals consume organisms.
Most animals consume plants.
Most animals consume prey.
Most animals consume products.
Most animals consume proteins.
Most animals consume raw diets.
Most animals consume solid food.
Most animals consume vegetation.
Most animals consume water.
Most animals consume zooplankton.
Most animals contain cholesterol.
Most animals contain dietary cholesterol.
Most animals contain nutrients.
Most animals contain plant nutrients.
Most animals control body temperature.
Most animals control predators.
Most animals control temperature.
Most animals cope with conditions.
Most animals cope with dry conditions.
Most animals cope with life.
Most animals create problems.
Most animals create sensation.
Most animals create serious problems.
Most animals cross pasture.
Most animals cross roads.
Most animals cross streams.
Most animals defend territory.
Most animals demonstrate behavior.
Most animals demonstrate dangerous behavior.
Most animals demonstrate evidence.
Most animals depend directly or indirectly on plants.
Most animals depend on a relatively limited number of foods.
Most animals depend on air.
Most animals depend on diets.
Most animals depend on ecosystems.
Most animals depend on external sources.
Most animals depend on food.
Most animals depend on forests.
Most animals depend on grassland.
Most animals depend on ground.
Most animals depend on habitats.
Most animals depend on krill.
Most animals depend on native plants.
Most animals depend on nutrients.
Most animals depend on pasture.
Most animals depend on people.
Most animals depend on plants.
Most animals depend on pond plants.
Most animals depend on sources.
Most animals depend on water.
Most animals descend from animals.
Most animals descend from relatives.
Most animals destroy desert plants.
Most animals destroy fruit.
Most animals destroy many desert plants.
Most animals destroy plants.
Most animals detect certain events.
Most animals detect events.
Most animals detect movement.
Most animals detect presence.
Most animals develop behavior.
Most animals develop behaviour.
Most animals develop conditions.
Most animals develop deficiencies.
Most animals develop dietary habits.
Most animals develop evolution.
Most animals develop fevers.
Most animals develop follicles.
Most animals develop habits.
Most animals develop jaws.
Most animals develop lower jaws.
Most animals develop lungs.
Most animals develop mature follicles.
Most animals develop mechanisms.
Most animals develop muscles.
Most animals develop organs.
Most animals develop prehensile tails.
Most animals develop regulate mechanisms.
Most animals develop senses.
Most animals develop skills.
Most animals develop skin.
Most animals develop special organs.
Most animals develop strong jaws.
Most animals develop structures.
Most animals develop tails.
Most animals develop tissue.
Most animals die from causes.
Most animals die from natural causes.
Most animals die in habitats.
Most animals die of causes.
Most animals die of diseases.
Most animals die of natural causes.
Most animals dig burrows.
Most animals dig holes.
Most animals digest food.
Most animals digest milk sugar.
Most animals display aggressive behavior.
Most animals display behavior.
Most animals display concentration.
Most animals display differences.
Most animals display memory.
Most animals display patterns.
Most animals display urinary concentration.
Most animals do however stay away from the hagfish since they risk being suffocated by the slime.
Most animals do in the woods.
Most animals do recover, however the disease can dramatically reduce performance and production.
Most animals do roles.
Most animals do similar things.
Most animals do.
Most animals dominate ecosystems.
Most animals don t see as well as do humans.
Most animals drink body fluid.
Most animals drink fluid.
Most animals drink fresh water.
Most animals drink milk.
Most animals drink more when it s hot and dry.
Most animals drink pond water.
Most animals drink tap water.
Most animals drink water.
Most animals eat algae.
Most animals eat amphibians.
Most animals eat animal flesh.
Most animals eat daily food rations.
Most animals eat daily rations.
Most animals eat dead organic matter.
Most animals eat decay matter.
Most animals eat decompose plants.
Most animals eat diets.
Most animals eat enough vegetable matter.
Most animals eat fiber diets.
Most animals eat fish.
Most animals eat flesh.
Most animals eat foliage.
Most animals eat food rations.
Most animals eat food.
Most animals eat fruit.
Most animals eat grass.
Most animals eat grasshoppers.
Most animals eat hay.
Most animals eat high fiber diets.
Most animals eat insects.
Most animals eat legume plants.
Most animals eat live prey.
Most animals eat mammals.
Most animals eat materials.
Most animals eat matter.
Most animals eat meals.
Most animals eat meat.
Most animals eat moldy food.
Most animals eat natural diets.
Most animals eat nutritious food.
Most animals eat nutritious plants.
Most animals eat organic matter.
Most animals eat organisms.
Most animals eat other organisms, dead or alive, whole by piece.
Most animals eat parasites.
Most animals eat plant materials.
Most animals eat plants.
Most animals eat prey.
Most animals eat proteins.
Most animals eat rations.
Most animals eat solid food.
Most animals eat solid foods, but plants use water and air to make food in their own factories.
Most animals eat tissue.
Most animals eat truffles.
Most animals eat types.
Most animals eat vegetable matter.
Most animals eat vegetation.
Most animals eat water plants.
Most animals emerge from burrows.
Most animals emerge from bushes.
Most animals emerge from colonies.
Most animals emerge from environments.
Most animals emerge from hibernation.
Most animals emit calls.
Most animals employ dominant strategies.
Most animals employ life cycle strategies.
Most animals engage in activities.
Most animals engage in behavior.
Most animals engage in external fertilization.
Most animals engage in fertilization.
Most animals engage in physical activities.
Most animals engage in some form of sexual reproduction.
Most animals enjoy being adjusted.
Most animals enjoy life.
Most animals enjoy meals.
Most animals enter burrows.
Most animals enter environments.
Most animals enter hibernation.
Most animals enter shelter.
Most animals enter stages.
Most animals enter territory.
Most animals enter water.
Most animals escape from forests.
Most animals escape heat.
Most animals escape predation.
Most animals escape predators.
Most animals establish areas.
Most animals establish dominance.
Most animals evolve over time.
Most animals exchange gas with their environment, taking in oxygen and giving off carbon dioxide.
Most animals excrete urea.
Most animals excrete waste.
Most animals exhibit active locomotion at some stage of their life cycle.
Most animals exhibit aggressive behavior.
Most animals exhibit ancestry.
Most animals exhibit behaviors that can be linked to their wild relatives.
Most animals exhibit breathe patterns.
Most animals exhibit breed behavior.
Most animals exhibit cycles in reproductive activity, usually related to changing seasons.
Most animals exhibit either radial or bilateral body symmetry.
Most animals exhibit eyes.
Most animals exhibit features.
Most animals exhibit gametic meiosis.
Most animals exhibit groom behavior.
Most animals exhibit growth.
Most animals exhibit irregular breathe patterns.
Most animals exhibit irregular patterns.
Most animals exhibit numerous features.
Most animals exhibit outcomes.
Most animals exhibit reaction.
Most animals exhibit reproduction.
Most animals exhibit slow growth.
Most animals exhibit strange behavior.
Most animals exhibit symptoms.
Most animals exhibit vegetative reproduction.
Most animals exist in arctic wildernesses.
Most animals exist in areas.
Most animals exist in locations.
Most animals exist in protect areas.
Most animals exist in wildernesses.
Most animals exist on earth.
Most animals expel air.
Most animals expel dry air.
Most animals expend energy.
Most animals experience death.
Most animals experience deep bone pain.
Most animals experience deep pain.
Most animals experience favorable conditions.
Most animals experience no or only minimal pain or brief discomfort in research.
Most animals experience poor nutrition.
Most animals face situations.
Most animals feed babies.
Most animals feed in grass.
Most animals feed in habitats.
Most animals feed in lakes.
Most animals feed in water.
Most animals feed on animals.
Most animals feed on aquatic plants.
Most animals feed on bait.
Most animals feed on dead plant matter.
Most animals feed on decay matter.
Most animals feed on decay organic matter.
Most animals feed on decay organisms.
Most animals feed on diets.
Most animals feed on endanger plants.
Most animals feed on foliage.
Most animals feed on food.
Most animals feed on fruit.
Most animals feed on kinds.
Most animals feed on leaves.
Most animals feed on materials.
Most animals feed on matter.
Most animals feed on microscopic animals.
Most animals feed on multicellular organisms.
Most animals feed on organic matter.
Most animals feed on organisms.
Most animals feed on other animals.
Most animals feed on other organisms.
Most animals feed on plants.
Most animals feed on prey animals.
Most animals feed on prey.
Most animals feed on substances.
Most animals feed on various substances.
Most animals feed on whole animals.
Most animals feed on whole prey animals.
Most animals feed plants.
Most animals feed upon animals.
Most animals feel nothing at all.
Most animals feel pain.
Most animals feel threats.
Most animals feel tuff around kids.
Most animals feel vibration.
Most animals fight for dominance.
Most animals fill empty niches.
Most animals fill niches.
Most animals find food.
Most animals find in sea.
Most animals find shelter.
Most animals follow mothers.
Most animals follow regular routes.
Most animals follow routes.
Most animals follow scent.
Most animals follow the same protocol as with humans.
Most animals form pair bonds.
Most animals gain importance.
Most animals gain nutrition.
Most animals gain weight.
Most animals generally have feet.
Most animals generate heat.
Most animals get care.
Most animals get diseases.
Most animals get eat by predators.
Most animals get energy.
Most animals get enough food.
Most animals get food.
Most animals get meat.
Most animals get most of their other vitamins from their food just as humans do.
Most animals get nutrients.
Most animals get nutrition.
Most animals get sufficient water.
Most animals get water by drinking.
Most animals get water.
Most animals give ample warning of the intent to aggress or of possible fear reactions.
Most animals give birth in the middle of the night in a place of their choosing.
Most animals give birth to animals.
Most animals give birth to mammals.
Most animals give birth to offspring.
Most animals give birth unassisted, but a helping hand is critical when an animal is in trouble.
Most animals go into heat.
Most animals go into hibernation.
Most animals go through development.
Most animals go through growth.
Most animals go through life.
Most animals go through several stages.
Most animals go through stages.
Most animals go to sea.
Most animals graze in ground.
Most animals graze in hills.
Most animals graze on grass.
Most animals graze on grassland.
Most animals graze on plants.
Most animals graze outdoor areas.
Most animals graze plants only when more desirable forage is unavailable.
Most animals graze plants.
Most animals grow cells.
Most animals grow hair.
Most animals grow human organs.
Most animals grow in wombs.
Most animals grow muscles.
Most animals grow organs.
Most animals harbor viruses.
Most animals harm reptiles.
Most animals has-part arteries.
Most animals has-part backs.
Most animals has-part bellies.
Most animals has-part bones.
Most animals has-part brains.
Most animals has-part cerebellums.
Most animals has-part eyes.
Most animals has-part feet.
Most animals has-part glands.
Most animals has-part guts.
Most animals has-part hearts.
Most animals has-part jaws.
Most animals has-part legs.
Most animals has-part lungs.
Most animals has-part molars.
Most animals has-part mouths.
Most animals has-part noses.
Most animals has-part organs.
Most animals has-part skeletons.
Most animals has-part skin.
Most animals has-part stomachs.
Most animals has-part tails.
Most animals has-part teeth.
Most animals has-part throats.
Most animals has-part tongues.
Most animals has-part veins.
Most animals hate the smell.
Most animals have a biochemical 'clock' inside.
Most animals have a daily cycle of activity.
Most animals have a daily pattern of rest and activity.
Most animals have a diverse microbial flora within their digestive tracts.
Most animals have a huge skin and gut fauna of protozoa and bacteria.
Most animals have a nervous system, sense organs, and ways to move.
Most animals have a number of different layers of fur called ground hair, guard hair and awn hair.
Most animals have a symmetrical body organization and are mobile.
Most animals have ability.
Most animals have actions.
Most animals have adult fleas.
Most animals have advantage.
Most animals have air.
Most animals have amylases.
Most animals have an overall density close to the density of water.
Most animals have anal glands.
Most animals have anal scent glands.
Most animals have anatomies.
Most animals have ancestors.
Most animals have ankle bones.
Most animals have appearances.
Most animals have aquatic habits.
Most animals have areas.
Most animals have arms.
Most animals have at least one motile stage in their life cycle.
Most animals have babies.
Most animals have backbones.
Most animals have basic characteristics.
Most animals have beauty.
Most animals have behavior.
Most animals have behaviour.
Most animals have bellies.
Most animals have bilateral symmetry, as it is adapted for active movement.
Most animals have birth defects.
Most animals have blood.
Most animals have body length.
Most animals have body temperature.
Most animals have bones.
Most animals have brains.
Most animals have breaths.
Most animals have brown coats.
Most animals have camouflage color.
Most animals have capability.
Most animals have capacity.
Most animals have carnivorous diets.
Most animals have chambers.
Most animals have characteristics.
Most animals have choices.
Most animals have clear skin.
Most animals have coating.
Most animals have coats.
Most animals have colons.
Most animals have color.
Most animals have common ancestors.
Most animals have common characteristics.
Most animals have complete digestive tracts.
Most animals have complex structures.
Most animals have concentration.
Most animals have constant body temperature.
Most animals have constant temperature.
Most animals have conversations.
Most animals have critical periods.
Most animals have customs.
Most animals have dark brown tails.
Most animals have defects.
Most animals have dependence.
Most animals have desire.
Most animals have determination.
Most animals have development.
Most animals have dietary behavior.
Most animals have dietary requirements.
Most animals have diets.
Most animals have differences.
Most animals have different behavior.
Most animals have different feed behavior.
Most animals have different functions.
Most animals have different life stages.
Most animals have different requirements.
Most animals have different stages.
Most animals have different strategies.
Most animals have digestive enzymes to hydrolyze starch.
Most animals have digestive glands.
Most animals have digestive tracts.
Most animals have distinct types.
Most animals have distinctive coats.
Most animals have ears.
Most animals have enemies.
Most animals have energy requirements.
Most animals have energy.
Most animals have evolution.
Most animals have exact structures.
Most animals have excellent eyesights.
Most animals have excess water.
Most animals have excretion.
Most animals have excretory organs.
Most animals have experience.
Most animals have external skeletons.
Most animals have eyes.
Most animals have eyesights.
Most animals have families.
Most animals have feelings.
Most animals have feet.
Most animals have female gonads.
Most animals have female organs.
Most animals have female reproductive organs.
Most animals have female sexual organs.
Most animals have few natural predators.
Most animals have flaws.
Most animals have fleas.
Most animals have flexibility.
Most animals have flexible structures.
Most animals have flexible tails.
Most animals have follicles.
Most animals have food preference.
Most animals have food.
Most animals have frequency ranges.
Most animals have front legs.
Most animals have front teeth.
Most animals have functions.
Most animals have fur.
Most animals have gender decided by x and y chromosomes.
Most animals have genetic flaws.
Most animals have glands.
Most animals have growth.
Most animals have gut microbes.
Most animals have habits.
Most animals have hair coats.
Most animals have hard outer skeletons.
Most animals have heads.
Most animals have hearts.
Most animals have height.
Most animals have high body temperature.
Most animals have high temperature.
Most animals have hind legs.
Most animals have homes too.
Most animals have hunt techniques.
Most animals have ideas.
Most animals have importance.
Most animals have incisor teeth.
Most animals have instinct.
Most animals have intelligence.
Most animals have internal skeletons.
Most animals have invasive behavior.
Most animals have jaws.
Most animals have knowledge.
Most animals have large home ranges.
Most animals have large nostrils.
Most animals have large ranges.
Most animals have larval stages.
Most animals have legs.
Most animals have length.
Most animals have life stages.
Most animals have life.
Most animals have lifespans.
Most animals have limbs.
Most animals have lobes.
Most animals have long bones.
Most animals have long legs.
Most animals have long lifespans.
Most animals have long periods.
Most animals have long prehensile tongues.
Most animals have long sticky tongues.
Most animals have long tails.
Most animals have long tongues.
Most animals have longitudinal lobes.
Most animals have low body temperature.
Most animals have low surface areas.
Most animals have low temperature.
Most animals have lower energy requirements.
Most animals have lower surface areas.
Most animals have lungs.
Most animals have majorities.
Most animals have male organs.
Most animals have male reproductive organs.
Most animals have many offspring.
Most animals have meals.
Most animals have memory.
Most animals have metabolism.
Most animals have microbes.
Most animals have milk teeth.
Most animals have molars.
Most animals have moral intelligence.
Most animals have more specialized teeth.
Most animals have more than one source of food and so they are a link in several food chains.
Most animals have movement.
Most animals have much flexibility.
Most animals have muscles.
Most animals have muscular tails.
Most animals have natural desire.
Most animals have natural enemies.
Most animals have natural lifespans.
Most animals have natural predators.
Most animals have necks.
Most animals have nerves.
Most animals have next meals.
Most animals have offspring.
Most animals have opportunity.
Most animals have opposite problems.
Most animals have options.
Most animals have organs.
Most animals have outer skeletons.
Most animals have particular features.
Most animals have peculiar anatomies.
Most animals have periods.
Most animals have pink bellies.
Most animals have places.
Most animals have point canine teeth.
Most animals have poor appetite.
Most animals have poor eyesights.
Most animals have poor hair coats.
Most animals have poor vision.
Most animals have positive experience.
Most animals have potential.
Most animals have power.
Most animals have powerful legs.
Most animals have precious energy.
Most animals have predators.
Most animals have predatory behavior.
Most animals have preference.
Most animals have prehensile tongues.
Most animals have problems.
Most animals have productive lifespans.
Most animals have prominent front teeth.
Most animals have prominent teeth.
Most animals have protection.
Most animals have proteins.
Most animals have pulses.
Most animals have purposes.
Most animals have ranges.
Most animals have rapid pulses.
Most animals have rapid weak pulses.
Most animals have reaction.
Most animals have regions.
Most animals have representatives.
Most animals have reproduction.
Most animals have reproductive capacity.
Most animals have reproductive cycles a.
Most animals have reproductive organs.
Most animals have requirements.
Most animals have respiratory organs.
Most animals have responses.
Most animals have right and left sides that are mirror images.
Most animals have roles.
Most animals have rough coats.
Most animals have same characteristics.
Most animals have same reaction.
Most animals have scent glands.
Most animals have senses.
Most animals have sensory whiskers.
Most animals have serious problems.
Most animals have sex determination.
Most animals have sex.
Most animals have sexual organs.
Most animals have shady places.
Most animals have sharp incisor teeth.
Most animals have sharp teeth.
Most animals have short lifespans.
Most animals have short necks.
Most animals have short ribs.
Most animals have short tails.
Most animals have shoulder height.
Most animals have similar coating.
Most animals have similar structures.
Most animals have simple structures.
Most animals have single nostrils.
Most animals have size.
Most animals have skeletal structures.
Most animals have skeletons.
Most animals have skin.
Most animals have small areas.
Most animals have small surface areas.
Most animals have social structures.
Most animals have soft fur.
Most animals have some sort of odor, and many use scent for communicating with others of their kind.
Most animals have special ability.
Most animals have special organs.
Most animals have specific requirements.
Most animals have spines.
Most animals have stages.
Most animals have sticky tongues.
Most animals have strategies.
Most animals have stress responses.
Most animals have strong smell.
Most animals have structures.
Most animals have sturdy skeletons.
Most animals have surface areas.
Most animals have surfaces that are specialized for exchanging chemicals with the surroundings.
Most animals have survival.
Most animals have sweat glands.
Most animals have tails , like cats , dogs , whales , fish , cheetahs , and monkeys .
Most animals have tails, like cats, dogs, whales, fish, cheetahs, and monkeys.
Most animals have tails.
Most animals have techniques.
Most animals have teeth.
Most animals have temperature.
Most animals have territory.
Most animals have that mothering instinct.
Most animals have the ability to move fairly freely.
Most animals have the potential to carry illnesses that can spread to humans.
Most animals have theropod characteristics.
Most animals have thick coats.
Most animals have thick fur.
Most animals have thick skin.
Most animals have three kinds of teeth.
Most animals have tissue organs.
Most animals have tissue.
Most animals have toe feet.
Most animals have toes.
Most animals have tolerance.
Most animals have tongues.
Most animals have tooth structures.
Most animals have tracts.
Most animals have trouble.
Most animals have two copies of each chromosome.
Most animals have two ovaries and oviducts, the passage for the egg to travel to the uterus.
Most animals have two testicles, although some jawless fish only have one.
Most animals have types.
Most animals have uniform coats.
Most animals have unique characteristics.
Most animals have unique structures.
Most animals have unpleasant taste.
Most animals have unusual techniques.
Most animals have various features.
Most animals have vertebrae.
Most animals have viruses.
Most animals have vision.
Most animals have vitamin c requirements.
Most animals have voices.
Most animals have warm blood.
Most animals have water.
Most animals have waterproof coats.
Most animals have weak pulses.
Most animals have what is called a 'home range'.
Most animals have whiskers.
Most animals have white bellies.
Most animals heal very well.
Most animals hear sound.
Most animals help babies.
Most animals help ecosystems.
Most animals help habitats.
Most animals hibernate when it becomes too cold and it is hard to find food.
Most animals hide food.
Most animals hide from predators.
Most animals hide in forests.
Most animals hold necks.
Most animals hold tails.
Most animals hunt other animals.
Most animals illustrated are from rare or endangered species.
Most animals inflict considerable damage.
Most animals inflict damage.
Most animals ingest food.
Most animals ingest poisonous substances.
Most animals ingest pollutants.
Most animals ingest substances.
Most animals ingest their food and then digest it in some kind of internal cavity.
Most animals inhabit areas.
Most animals inhabit arid environments.
Most animals inhabit coastal zones.
Most animals inhabit countries.
Most animals inhabit earth.
Most animals inhabit environments.
Most animals inhabit natural environments.
Most animals inhabit polar regions.
Most animals inhabit regions.
Most animals inhabit shallow areas.
Most animals inhabit shallow water areas.
Most animals inhabit temperate regions.
Most animals inhabit terrains.
Most animals inhabit territory.
Most animals inhabit the margins of the dune field and the adjacent desert plain.
Most animals inhabit the seas, with fewer in fresh water and even fewer on land.
Most animals inhabit zones.
Most animals injured by cats die.
Most animals invade habitats.
Most animals keep themselves clean if the farmer keeps their pens and stalls clean.
Most animals kill animals.
Most animals kill food.
Most animals kill only for food.
Most animals kill prey.
Most animals lack enzymes to split b-chains.
Most animals lead existence.
Most animals lead life.
Most animals lead lifestyle.
Most animals lead miserable life.
Most animals lead nocturnal lifestyle.
Most animals lead sessile existence.
Most animals leap into air.
Most animals leave descendants.
Most animals leave many descendants.
Most animals leave offspring.
Most animals leave scenes.
Most animals lie low during the heat of the day.
Most animals lift heads.
Most animals live and die where they are, or migrate with the seasons.
Most animals live at a field site in multi-hectare, electrified enclosures of natural habitat.
Most animals live by ingesting food and digesting it within specialized cavities.
Most animals live during time.
Most animals live for months.
Most animals live for several years.
Most animals live for years.
Most animals live in air.
Most animals live in aquatic environments.
Most animals live in aquatic habitats.
Most animals live in areas.
Most animals live in arid environments.
Most animals live in asian countries.
Most animals live in atmospheres.
Most animals live in climates.
Most animals live in cold climates.
Most animals live in colonies.
Most animals live in coral reef habitats.
Most animals live in countries.
Most animals live in dark places.
Most animals live in dense areas.
Most animals live in desert areas.
Most animals live in dessert.
Most animals live in different environments.
Most animals live in different habitats.
Most animals live in Eastern Europe.
Most animals live in environments.
Most animals live in extreme environments.
Most animals live in forests.
Most animals live in freshwater environments.
Most animals live in geographic areas.
Most animals live in groups.
Most animals live in habitats.
Most animals live in high temperature.
Most animals live in inhabitants.
Most animals live in landscapes.
Most animals live in large colonies.
Most animals live in locations.
Most animals live in mangroves.
Most animals live in marine environments.
Most animals live in marine habitats.
Most animals live in moist environments.
Most animals live in natural habitats.
Most animals live in natural surroundings, with predators and prey separated only by hidden moats.
Most animals live in one type of environment because they are best suited to it .
Most animals live in one type of environment because they are best suited to it.
Most animals live in pairs.
Most animals live in parks.
Most animals live in particular areas.
Most animals live in places.
Most animals live in polar regions.
Most animals live in ponds.
Most animals live in rainforest areas.
Most animals live in rainforests.
Most animals live in regions.
Most animals live in same areas.
Most animals live in same geographic areas.
Most animals live in setting.
Most animals live in shoreline zones.
Most animals live in similar habitats.
Most animals live in societies.
Most animals live in states.
Most animals live in sunlight.
Most animals live in temperate regions.
Most animals live in temperature.
Most animals live in territory.
Most animals live in the oceans, with fewer in fresh water and even fewer on land.
Most animals live in towns.
Most animals live in tropical rainforests.
Most animals live in vast areas.
Most animals live in vast desert areas.
Most animals live in warm climates.
Most animals live in wetland environments.
Most animals live in wetland.
Most animals live in wildernesses.
Most animals live in woodlands.
Most animals live in zones.
Most animals live longer in captivity than in the wild.
Most animals live near water.
Most animals live on diets.
Most animals live on earth.
Most animals live on food.
Most animals live on ground.
Most animals live on surfaces.
Most animals live on the edge and in the water surrounding the continent.
Most animals live on vegetarian diets.
Most animals live out life.
Most animals live to ages.
Most animals live up to years.
Most animals locate food.
Most animals look for food.
Most animals look like animals.
Most animals look like prey.
Most animals look nothing like humans.
Most animals lose heat.
Most animals lose life.
Most animals lose strength.
Most animals lose weight.
Most animals love children.
Most animals love eggs.
Most animals love food.
Most animals love trees.
Most animals love water.
Most animals maintain body heat.
Most animals maintain body temperature.
Most animals maintain body weight.
Most animals maintain constant body temperature.
Most animals maintain constant temperature.
Most animals maintain elevate body temperature.
Most animals maintain elevate temperature.
Most animals maintain energy.
Most animals maintain heat.
Most animals maintain internal temperature.
Most animals maintain posture.
Most animals maintain stability.
Most animals maintain stable internal temperature.
Most animals maintain stable temperature.
Most animals maintain temperature.
Most animals maintain weight.
Most animals make cells.
Most animals make choices.
Most animals make dens.
Most animals make exceptionally affectionate and attentive pets and extremely loyal companions.
Most animals make eye contact only when they want to mate or attack.
Most animals make heat.
Most animals make homes.
Most animals make journeys.
Most animals make life.
Most animals make manure.
Most animals make milk.
Most animals make nests.
Most animals make noise.
Most animals make pairs.
Most animals make sound.
Most animals make their own vitamin C .
Most animals make up diets.
Most animals make waste.
Most animals make whistle sound.
Most animals manage to fly away or out run the burning lava.
Most animals manufacture their own vitamin C - and lots of it at that.
Most animals mark territory.
Most animals mate with animals.
Most animals mature more rapidly than human beings.
Most animals migrate to areas.
Most animals migrate to environments.
Most animals migrate to find food to get away from predators every two years .
Most animals migrate to food.
Most animals migrate to habitats.
Most animals migrate to rivers.
Most animals migrate to warmer climates once the cold weather begins.
Most animals migrate to water.
Most animals move eyes.
Most animals move faces.
Most animals move feet.
Most animals move food.
Most animals move from place to place to find food and water.
Most animals move from places.
Most animals move from regions.
Most animals move from trees.
Most animals move heads.
Most animals move into sites.
Most animals move legs.
Most animals move limbs.
Most animals move ranges.
Most animals move sides.
Most animals move slowly to conserve energy until they are close enough to catch food.
Most animals move tails.
Most animals move teeth.
Most animals move through shallow water.
Most animals move through water.
Most animals move to locations.
Most animals move to places.
Most animals mutate in order to adapt to environmental changes.
Most animals obtain energy.
Most animals obtain food.
Most animals obtain nourishment.
Most animals obtain water.
Most animals occasionally experience stress in one form or another, and dogs are no exception.
Most animals occupy areas.
Most animals occupy habitats.
Most animals occupy ranges.
Most animals occupy small areas.
Most animals occupy territory.
Most animals occupy vegetation.
Most animals occur in environments.
Most animals occur in fields.
Most animals occur in water.
Most animals only kill if they fill threatend.
Most animals open mouths.
Most animals perform activities.
Most animals perform complex functions.
Most animals perform functions.
Most animals perform roles.
Most animals perform same functions.
Most animals perform useful functions.
Most animals play central roles.
Most animals play destructive roles.
Most animals play ecological roles.
Most animals play essential roles.
Most animals play important ecological roles.
Most animals play important roles.
Most animals play in ecosystems.
Most animals play in water.
Most animals play in woodlands.
Most animals play key roles.
Most animals play major roles.
Most animals play roles.
Most animals play unique roles.
Most animals play vital roles.
Most animals populate areas.
Most animals pose danger.
Most animals possess ancestry.
Most animals possess antibodies.
Most animals possess backbones.
Most animals possess bilateral symmetry.
Most animals possess blood.
Most animals possess bodies.
Most animals possess bones.
Most animals possess brains.
Most animals possess cells.
Most animals possess characteristics.
Most animals possess complete digestive tracts.
Most animals possess defensive mechanisms.
Most animals possess digestion.
Most animals possess digestive tracts.
Most animals possess enzymes.
Most animals possess feet.
Most animals possess food.
Most animals possess fronts.
Most animals possess fur.
Most animals possess glands.
Most animals possess habitats.
Most animals possess hair.
Most animals possess heads.
Most animals possess hearts.
Most animals possess legs.
Most animals possess limbs.
Most animals possess mechanisms.
Most animals possess membranes.
Most animals possess movement.
Most animals possess offspring.
Most animals possess organs.
Most animals possess pigment.
Most animals possess posteriors.
Most animals possess potential.
Most animals possess radial symmetry.
Most animals possess regulatory mechanisms.
Most animals possess ribs.
Most animals possess scent glands.
Most animals possess sea water.
Most animals possess sense organs.
Most animals possess senses.
Most animals possess stomach digestion.
Most animals possess structures.
Most animals possess symmetry.
Most animals possess teeth.
Most animals possess tracts.
Most animals possess vision.
Most animals possess water.
Most animals possess weak limbs.
Most animals prefer beef, chicken, turkey or rabbit as a protein source.
Most animals prefer environments.
Most animals prefer forests.
Most animals prefer habitats.
Most animals prefer terrains.
Most animals prefer to lie on one side.
Most animals prefer to rest during the heat of the midday.
Most animals prey on animals.
Most animals prey on birds.
Most animals prey on caterpillars as they are rich in protein.
Most animals prey on creatures.
Most animals prey on other animals.
Most animals prey on pests.
Most animals prey on small vertebrates.
Most animals prey on vertebrates.
Most animals prey upon animals.
Most animals prey upon creatures.
Most animals prey upon mature animals.
Most animals produce antibodies.
Most animals produce blood.
Most animals produce excessive saliva.
Most animals produce grunts.
Most animals produce heat.
Most animals produce hormones.
Most animals produce irritate substances.
Most animals produce manure.
Most animals produce materials.
Most animals produce meat.
Most animals produce milk.
Most animals produce neutralize antibodies.
Most animals produce offspring.
Most animals produce saliva.
Most animals produce secretion.
Most animals produce substances.
Most animals produce urine.
Most animals produce waste.
Most animals provide food.
Most animals provide insight.
Most animals provide meat.
Most animals provide nourishment.
Most animals provide nutrients.
Most animals provide priceless insight.
Most animals pursue prey.
Most animals raise heads.
Most animals raise legs.
Most animals raise offspring.
Most animals range in size.
Most animals reach adult size.
Most animals reach certain minimum size.
Most animals reach large relative size.
Most animals reach large size.
Most animals reach minimum size.
Most animals reach normal size.
Most animals reach relative size.
Most animals reach size.
Most animals react with alarm when approached by humans on foot or in any type of vehicle.
Most animals react with alarm when approached by humans.
Most animals receive care.
Most animals receive food.
Most animals receive nurse care.
Most animals receive nutrition.
Most animals receive parental care.
Most animals receive spectrum sunlight.
Most animals receive stimulation.
Most animals receive stimuli.
Most animals receive substances.
Most animals receive sunlight.
Most animals receive test substances.
Most animals receive water.
Most animals recover from infection.
Most animals recover from Strangles with no long-term aftereffects.
Most animals recover if they live more than two hours after clinical signs begin.
Most animals recover, but they remain debilitated.
Most animals regulate body temperature.
Most animals regulate temperature.
Most animals relate to ancestors.
Most animals relate to organisms.
Most animals release enzymes.
Most animals release pheromone.
Most animals rely on certain plants.
Most animals rely on darkness.
Most animals rely on food.
Most animals rely on fruit.
Most animals rely on grass.
Most animals rely on kidneys.
Most animals rely on lipids.
Most animals rely on motion.
Most animals rely on plants.
Most animals rely on senses.
Most animals rely on their keen sense of smell for detecting changes in their environment.
Most animals rely on touch.
Most animals rely on vegetation.
Most animals rely on water.
Most animals remain carriers.
Most animals remain in places.
Most animals remain in safety.
Most animals remain with mothers.
Most animals reproduce by sexual reproduction.
Most animals reproduce sexually and having to fertilize an embryo.
Most animals reproduce sexually, where both males and females are required to produce offspring.
Most animals require air.
Most animals require broad spectrum light.
Most animals require care.
Most animals require companionship.
Most animals require conditions.
Most animals require considerable power.
Most animals require daily intake.
Most animals require daily water intake.
Most animals require diets.
Most animals require different conditions.
Most animals require different live conditions.
Most animals require energy.
Most animals require environments.
Most animals require food.
Most animals require forests.
Most animals require guts.
Most animals require habitats.
Most animals require homes.
Most animals require intake.
Most animals require interaction.
Most animals require legs.
Most animals require less oxygen.
Most animals require light.
Most animals require live conditions.
Most animals require oxygen.
Most animals require plants.
Most animals require power.
Most animals require proteins.
Most animals require sex.
Most animals require special care.
Most animals require special diets.
Most animals require specific conditions.
Most animals require spectrum light.
Most animals require stimulation.
Most animals require sustenance.
Most animals require teeth.
Most animals require warmth.
Most animals require water intake.
Most animals require water regularly.
Most animals require water.
Most animals resemble animals.
Most animals respond rapidly to treatment if promptly administered.
Most animals respond to death.
Most animals respond to effects.
Most animals respond to environmental stimuli.
Most animals respond to environments.
Most animals respond to light.
Most animals respond to negative stimuli.
Most animals respond to pressure.
Most animals respond to rain.
Most animals respond to same stimuli.
Most animals respond to situations.
Most animals respond to stimuli.
Most animals respond to treatments.
Most animals rest on banks.
Most animals retain claws.
Most animals retain larval tails.
Most animals retain memory.
Most animals retain tails.
Most animals return to fields.
Most animals return to food.
Most animals return to homes.
Most animals search for food.
Most animals search for hide places.
Most animals search for places.
Most animals secrete special scents that act as sexual attractors.
Most animals secrete substances.
Most animals see light.
Most animals see ultraviolet light.
Most animals seek a darkened, secure environment when afraid, and a sky kennel is ideal.
Most animals seek daytime shelter.
Most animals seek environments.
Most animals seek food.
Most animals seek habitats.
Most animals seek meals.
Most animals seek meat.
Most animals seek out conditions.
Most animals seek out places.
Most animals seek periods of individual seclusion.
Most animals seek places.
Most animals seek prey.
Most animals seek protection.
Most animals seek shades.
Most animals seek shelter.
Most animals seek thermal environments.
Most animals seek water.
Most animals seem to blend in with their surroundings.
Most animals select certain places.
Most animals select food.
Most animals select places.
Most animals serve as food.
Most animals serve as hosts.
Most animals serve as intermediate hosts.
Most animals serve as reservoir hosts.
Most animals shake heads.
Most animals share certain features.
Most animals share earth.
Most animals share environments.
Most animals share farms.
Most animals share features.
Most animals share ground.
Most animals share landscapes.
Most animals share native habitats.
Most animals share pasture.
Most animals share patterns.
Most animals share regions.
Most animals share resemblance.
Most animals share resources.
Most animals share superficial resemblance.
Most animals share wolf habitats.
Most animals shed coats.
Most animals shed hair.
Most animals shed hairs year-around, but elephant seals do it all at once.
Most animals shed parasites.
Most animals shed viruses.
Most animals show activities.
Most animals show behavior.
Most animals show cardiovascular health.
Most animals show conditions.
Most animals show diversity.
Most animals show emotion.
Most animals show fear.
Most animals show health.
Most animals show insight.
Most animals show levels.
Most animals show patterns.
Most animals show phases.
Most animals show physical conditions.
Most animals show presence.
Most animals show reaction.
Most animals show real emotion.
Most animals show responses.
Most animals show some regenerative ability early in life, but lose that ability as they age.
Most animals show sugar levels.
Most animals show tendencies.
Most animals sire offspring.
Most animals solve problems.
Most animals spawn within chunks when they are generated .
Most animals spend their time underground to avoid the blazing desert heat.
Most animals spread diseases.
Most animals stalk prey.
Most animals stand on feet.
Most animals stand on hind legs.
Most animals stand on legs.
Most animals start from a single cell, the fertilized egg or zygote.
Most animals start life.
Most animals start off life with healthy teeth and gums.
Most animals stay away from our noisy campus.
Most animals stay with mothers.
Most animals steal food.
Most animals stop drinking milk altogether after weaning.
Most animals store food.
Most animals stretch feet.
Most animals subsist on diets.
Most animals subsist on unbalance diets.
Most animals succumb about ten days after the onset of clinical symptoms.
Most animals suffer back injuries.
Most animals suffer death.
Most animals suffer effects.
Most animals suffer from constipation.
Most animals suffer from thirsts.
Most animals suffer injuries.
Most animals suffer negative effects.
Most animals suffer severe back injuries.
Most animals suffer severe injuries.
Most animals suffer shortages.
Most animals suffer slow death.
Most animals survive acute infection.
Most animals survive arctic temperature.
Most animals survive conditions.
Most animals survive harsh winter.
Most animals survive in circumstances.
Most animals survive in difficult circumstances.
Most animals survive in environments.
Most animals survive in habitats.
Most animals survive in places.
Most animals survive in situations.
Most animals survive in zones.
Most animals survive infection.
Most animals survive long winter.
Most animals survive on diets.
Most animals survive periods.
Most animals survive primary infection.
Most animals survive temperature.
Most animals survive the disease but never regain the same level of productivity.
Most animals survive to adulthood.
Most animals survive winter.
Most animals survive years.
Most animals switch diets.
Most animals take in oxygen.
Most animals take steps.
Most animals take up residences.
Most animals target large prey.
Most animals target prey.
Most animals threaten crops.
Most animals threaten families.
Most animals thrive in conditions.
Most animals thrive in ecosystems.
Most animals thrive in habitats.
Most animals thrive in harsh conditions.
Most animals thrive in homes.
Most animals thrive in regions.
Most animals thrive in such conditions.
Most animals thrive in such harsh conditions.
Most animals thrive in wetland.
Most animals thrive in wildernesses.
Most animals thrive on a good quality dog or cat food with an occasional healthy treat.
Most animals tolerate presence.
Most animals transmit diseases.
Most animals transmit sound.
Most animals transmit viruses.
Most animals try to stay away from weasels.
Most animals undergo complete transformation.
Most animals undergo development.
Most animals undergo extensive and ritualized displays to exert dominance before fighting.
Most animals undergo major transformation.
Most animals undergo meiosis.
Most animals undergo reproduction.
Most animals undergo sexual reproduction, while many also have mechanisms of asexual reproduction.
Most animals undergo sexual reproduction.
Most animals undergo transformation.
Most animals use a slow pace when being antagonistic or when trying to appear threatening.
Most animals use arms.
Most animals use blood.
Most animals use claws.
Most animals use color for camouflage, but skunks advertise their presence to ward off enemies.
Most animals use combat strategies.
Most animals use different strategies.
Most animals use digestion.
Most animals use environments.
Most animals use feet.
Most animals use fields.
Most animals use for agricultural purposes.
Most animals use for breed purposes.
Most animals use for purposes.
Most animals use for research purposes.
Most animals use for scientific purposes.
Most animals use four or more legs.
Most animals use front incisors.
Most animals use glycogen.
Most animals use heads.
Most animals use hormones.
Most animals use human resources.
Most animals use incisors.
Most animals use ingestion.
Most animals use kidneys.
Most animals use large incisors.
Most animals use legs.
Most animals use limbs.
Most animals use many different strategies.
Most animals use methods.
Most animals use mouths.
Most animals use noise.
Most animals use organs.
Most animals use oxygen.
Most animals use proteins.
Most animals use reproduction.
Most animals use resources.
Most animals use routes.
Most animals use same routes.
Most animals use senses.
Most animals use sexual reproduction.
Most animals use smell.
Most animals use sound to express emotion.
Most animals use sound.
Most animals use specific routes.
Most animals use strategies.
Most animals use strong arms.
Most animals use strong claws.
Most animals use surround water.
Most animals use toes.
Most animals use vibrissae much the way that a blind person uses a cane.
Most animals use water.
Most animals utilize asexual reproduction.
Most animals utilize proteins.
Most animals utilize reproduction.
Most animals utilize resources.
Most animals visit environments.
Most animals visit fields.
Most animals visit habitats.
Most animals visit water.
Most animals wait for prey.
Most animals wake up and get sleepy at about the same time each day and night.
Most animals walk and run on their toes.
Most animals walk on feet.
Most animals walk on paws.
Most animals walk on their toes.
Most animals watch lizards.
Most animals weigh ounces.
Most animals weigh pounds.
Some animal have internal fertilization and some are external.
Some animals absorb chloroplasts or algal cells, which make food inside the animal's body.
Some animals absorb food.
Some animals absorb nitrogen.
Some animals absorb water.
Some animals achieve instant fame in the annals of scientific research.
Some animals acquire heat.
Some animals acquire infection.
Some animals acquire their food easily, such as rabbits, horses and elephants.
Some animals act better than the people.
Some animals actively camouflage themselves with local materials.
Some animals adapt for life.
Some animals adapt to good climbers.
Some animals adapt to heat.
Some animals adapt to input.
Some animals adapt to trees.
Some animals adapt to variation.
Some animals adapt very well to the urban environment.
Some animals adopt a piece of fur as a playmate, jumping on it and wrestling with it.
Some animals advertise their toxicity.
Some animals affect egg survival.
Some animals affect success.
Some animals affect survival.
Some animals also build up stores of food and wake at intervals during the winter months to feed.
Some animals also can use music .
Some animals also can use music.
Some animals also die right after they reproduce.
Some animals also have annual internal clocks.
Some animals also have more extensive fact sheets.
Some animals also migrate during the hottest parts of the year.
Some animals also possess a circannual rhythm .
Some animals also rely on high relative humidity.
Some animals also show loss of appetite.
Some animals also take better care of their young than others.
Some animals also use teeth as a weapon .
Some animals also use teeth as a weapon.
Some animals also use the non-living things to make their shelters.
Some animals alsoobtain energy by eating other animals.
Some animals apparently spend the winter under the snow, digging up rhizomes and amancay lilies.
Some animals appear frightened in entering the narrows.
Some animals appear in Africa.
Some animals appear in burrows.
Some animals appear in colonies.
Some animals appear in farms.
Some animals appear in films.
Some animals appear in forests.
Some animals appear in pasture.
Some animals appear in ponds.
Some animals appear in rows.
Some animals appear in sea.
Some animals appear in water.
Some animals appear to be able to manufacture their own requirements of certain vitamins.
Some animals appear to recover but often relapse in the next stress period.
Some animals appear to use their magnetic sense as a map, compass, or compass calibrator.
Some animals approach fathers.
Some animals approach own fathers.
Some animals are able to leave the pit but still die nearby.
Some animals are active all year round.
Some animals are active hunters, like salmon , pike, and otters .
Some animals are allergic to fleas.
Some animals are already in the middle of it.
Some animals are ambush hunters.
Some animals are asymptomatic at very low bg values.
Some animals are at home in fresh and salt water, such as the Cape clawlwss otter.
Some animals are available for holding, petting and souvenir photos.
Some animals are big and some are small.
Some animals are bitten by snakes.
Some animals are bleed to death.
Some animals are born more equal than others.
Some animals are breed during antarctic winter.
Some animals are breed during harsh winter.
Some animals are breed during winter.
Some animals are brightly coloured, while others are hard to see.
Some animals are cannibals and eat the young of their own species.
Some animals are capable of parthenogenesis, where the females can fertilize their own eggs.
Some animals are capable of pulling off complex mental stunts.
Some animals are captured by experts.
Some animals are cats.
Some animals are chronic bloaters.
Some animals are classified as primates.
Some animals are classified as sloths.
Some animals are cold blooded and others are warm blooded.
Some animals are coloured purely incidentally because their blood contains pigments.
Some animals are currently in danger of disappearing.
Some animals are dark brown or almost black, and some are quite pale.
Some animals are dogs.
Some animals are dormant during the dry season.
Some animals are either male or female, others are hermaphroditic.
Some animals are especially nice covered in honey barbecue sauce with a side order of curly fries.
Some animals are evolved from ancestry.
Some animals are evolved from birds.
Some animals are evolved from dinosaurs.
Some animals are evolved from monkeys.
Some animals are extremely sensitive to flea saliva.
Some animals are fast and some are slow, just like horses and turtles.
Some animals are fed by water.
Some animals are frightening, and some are sweet and kind.
Some animals are fun to watch, some are fun to care for and all are beautiful.
Some animals are gifted with special eyelids to see through the sandstorm and the high temperature.
Some animals are grazers, some are browsers, and some do a little of both.
Some animals are great feeders and others consume very little food.
Some animals are harder to adopt because of their past experiences with abusive owners.
Some animals are highly sensitive to infrared radiation.
Some animals are hit by cars.
Some animals are indoors in tropical settings .
Some animals are indoors in tropical settings.
Some animals are inside Africa.
Some animals are inside cages.
Some animals are inside houses.
Some animals are inside nests.
Some animals are inside rooms.
Some animals are inside shelter.
Some animals are inside water.
Some animals are just plain scared of journeying away from home.
Some animals are killed by cars.
Some animals are killed by cats.
Some animals are killed by hunters.
Some animals are killed by pet cats.
Some animals are killed by vehicles.
Some animals are killed by wolves.
Some animals are known as amphibians.
Some animals are known as antelopes.
Some animals are known as arthropods.
Some animals are known as birds.
Some animals are known as deer.
Some animals are known as tadpoles.
Some animals are known to make similar choices when faced with stress.
Some animals are life guides, others come as they are needed.
Some animals are located at farms.
Some animals are located at homes.
Some animals are located at locations.
Some animals are located at shelter.
Some animals are located in Africa.
Some animals are located in agriculture.
Some animals are located in biomes.
Some animals are located in burrows.
Some animals are located in caves.
Some animals are located in communities.
Some animals are located in debris.
Some animals are located in forests.
Some animals are located in ground.
Some animals are located in islands.
Some animals are located in mountains.
Some animals are located in nests.
Some animals are located in oceans.
Some animals are located in pasture.
Some animals are located in phyla.
Some animals are located in trees.
Some animals are located in tundra.
Some animals are located in water.
Some animals are located in wetland.
Some animals are located in Wisconsin.
Some animals are located on farms.
Some animals are located on ground.
Some animals are members of a group their entire lives.
Some animals are men.
Some animals are more equal than others in what is supposed to be a single' or common' market.
Some animals are more equal than others.
Some animals are more equal then others.
Some animals are more likely to be infected with rabies than others.
Some animals are more popular than others and can have multiple applications.
Some animals are more prone to chills than others.
Some animals are more sensitive than others to camera flash.
Some animals are more similar than others.
Some animals are more suscep- tible and more plastic than others.
Some animals are more tolerant of toxins than humans.
Some animals are more weak than painful and some are more painful than weak.
Some animals are multicellular, all are heterotrophic, and all lack cell walls.
Some animals are multicellular, some are heterotrophic, and some lack cell walls.
Some animals are naturally more wild and difficult to handle than others.
Some animals are nocturnal or normally active only at dawn or at twilight.
Some animals are omnivores, which eat both plants and other animals.
Some animals are paler in skin color.
Some animals are pets and others are wild.
Some animals are predatory, others are filter feeders or scavengers.
Some animals are predatory, others filter feeders or scavengers.
Some animals are promiscuous even within the mating season.
Some animals are quick to re-enter the trap knowing there is food available.
Some animals are raised or hunted just for their skins, bones, shells or internal organs.
Some animals are said to possess warning colors.
Some animals are sand hoppers and they live in the sand.
Some animals are scavengers.
Some animals are self-aware.
Some animals are sensitive or allergic to collars.
Some animals are silhouettes, yet very attractive.
Some animals are simply a nuisance.
Some animals are simply too small or get too wild with a harness while others do great.
Some animals are slow and heavy while others are light and can fly.
Some animals are solitary animals.
Some animals are source of food products like eggs, milk, and honey.
Some animals are sources of food like the meat of chickens, goats, pigs and cows.
Some animals are specialized for moving on non-horizontal surfaces.
Some animals are sufficiently sensitive that the collars can cause systemic effects, e.g., miosis.
Some animals are symbols.
Some animals are the best at what they do.
Some animals are thrice removed from the sun.
Some animals are too big for children.
Some animals are travelers and the trips they take can be awe inspiring.
Some animals are truly more equal than others.
Some animals are used as pets for humans for enjoyment or protection.
Some animals are useful to humans.
Some animals are very large even when they're first born.
Some animals are virtually hairless although their relatives possess a normal complement of hair.
Some animals are wild caught, others come from zoos and safari parks.
Some animals arrive at homes.
Some animals arrive at ports.
Some animals ask to go early, and others want to stay right up to the end.
Some animals assume bipedal positions.
Some animals assume positions.
Some animals attack chicks.
Some animals attack livestock.
Some animals attack people when they smell the flesh of their own kind.
Some animals attack people.
Some animals attack sea slugs.
Some animals attain legendary status because of their beauty or other amazing traits.
Some animals attempt to camouflage themselves physically.
Some animals attract animals.
Some animals attract birds.
Some animals attract carnivores.
Some animals attract cockroaches.
Some animals attract fish.
Some animals attract guests.
Some animals attract hunters.
Some animals attract insects.
Some animals attract mates with scent.
Some animals attract prey.
Some animals avoid contact.
Some animals avoid heat.
Some animals avoid humans.
Some animals avoid predation.
Some animals avoid predators by hiding.
Some animals avoid predators.
Some animals avoid the harsh conditions altogether, and migrate to a warmer climate.
Some animals avoid weeds.
Some animals become best friends.
Some animals become big problems.
Some animals become charm.
Some animals become components.
Some animals become fellows.
Some animals become friends.
Some animals become good luck charm.
Some animals become hosts.
Some animals become impact.
Some animals become lame from lesions in the hooves.
Some animals become luck charm.
Some animals become nuisances.
Some animals become nutrients.
Some animals become predators.
Some animals become problems.
Some animals become skilled at halter slipping.
Some animals become utilize nutrients.
Some animals belong to communities.
Some animals benefit from fences.
Some animals bite bufo toads.
Some animals bite legs.
Some animals bite mice.
Some animals bite or otherwise attack under threatening or stressful conditions.
Some animals bite paws.
Some animals bite people.
Some animals bite toads.
Some animals bite visitors.
Some animals bite when handled.
Some animals bite.
Some animals blend in with their surroundings so well that they're nearly impossible to see.
Some animals blend into their surroundings.
Some animals breathe water.
Some animals bring selected soil particles from deep underground to the surface.
Some animals build burrows underground.
Some animals build special underground rooms for storing food.
Some animals burrow deep into the ground to survive.
Some animals burrow into earth.
Some animals burrow into moist earth.
Some animals burrow into the sand and feed on material deposited by the waves.
Some animals burrow into their food, eating a tunnel as they go.
Some animals bury food.
Some animals bury nuts.
Some animals cache their food at a central location.
Some animals can absorb beta-carotene and process it in the liver.
Some animals can also pass the bacteria directly to people.
Some animals can also spread intestinal parasites to people.
Some animals can assist in their owner's energy balance.
Some animals can be allergic to stings.
Some animals can be asymptomatic carriers.
Some animals can be dangerous to smaller animals, plants, and people.
Some animals can be harmful to people.
Some animals can become quite ill and develop a fever, lose their appetite and become lethargic.
Some animals can become quite ill and develop a fever, lose their appetite, and become lethargic.
Some animals can carry and spread viruses without getting sick.
Some animals can change their own coloring to match their surroundings.
Some animals can climb more quickly and jump higher, too.
Some animals can detect the oncoming sea star and evade it.
Some animals can die from strep and colds too.
Some animals can digest cellulose.
Some animals can do amazing things with their necks.
Some animals can do it as well.
Some animals can do simple math and create tools.
Some animals can eat other plant-eating animals.
Some animals can eat plants and other animals.
Some animals can even change colors to blend in better with the environment.
Some animals can even change from one sex to another.
Some animals can even send some parts of their food back through their digestive system twice.
Some animals can experience serious side effects to the treatment-even death.
Some animals can fold themselves up or disappear down a long tube, to await the return of high tide.
Some animals can grow from a separate piece of parent animal.
Some animals can harbor thousands of flies at one time.
Some animals can hear considerably higher.
Some animals can hear infrasound.
Some animals can hear sounds at even higher frequencies.
Some animals can hear sounds beyond the range of the human ear.
Some animals can hide without trying.
Some animals can increase the metabolic rate of heat production through shivering.
Some animals can live nearly anywhere.
Some animals can live their entire lives without leaving the canopy to touch the ground.
Some animals can only live in it's climate.
Some animals can reach upto fifth gunasthanak.
Some animals can regenerate parts of the body, and production of new cells are achieved by mitosis.
Some animals can remain outside safely longer in the winter than others.
Some animals can reproduce by budding.
Some animals can reproduce either asexually or sexually, depending on the state of the environment.
Some animals can run fast or fly away from danger.
Some animals can see additional wavelengths.
Some animals can see in the infrared wavelength .
Some animals can see light polarization .
Some animals can see light polarization.
Some animals can see things in the dark that escape our attention.
Some animals can share water sources.
Some animals can sleep with eyes open, while moving, or with only half the brain at a time.
Some animals can survive freezing, but no animals can survive grinding.
Some animals can track each other through scent, but chimpanzees have a bad sense of smell.
Some animals can.
Some animals carry disease and can bite through gloves.
Some animals carry external parasites.
Some animals carry goods.
Some animals carry heavy goods.
Some animals carry infection.
Some animals carry materials.
Some animals carry nest materials.
Some animals carry pathogen.
Some animals carry prey.
Some animals carry rabies.
Some animals carry spores.
Some animals carry sustenance.
Some animals catch animals.
Some animals catch fish.
Some animals catch in fish net.
Some animals catch in net.
Some animals catch monkeys.
Some animals catch other animals.
Some animals catch worms.
Some animals cause bodily injuries.
Some animals cause cancer.
Some animals cause collisions.
Some animals cause considerable damage.
Some animals cause damage.
Some animals cause death.
Some animals cause diseases.
Some animals cause injuries.
Some animals cause liver cancer.
Some animals cause paralysis.
Some animals change behavior.
Some animals change color with the season.
Some animals change colour to camouflage themselves against the snow.
Some animals change the color of their coats from brown to white to blend in with the snow.
Some animals change their depth by changing their density.
Some animals change their food source if an organism is in short supply.
Some animals change their physical appearance to prepare for winter.
Some animals chew cuds.
Some animals chew off their feet to escape.
Some animals chew off their own leg in a desperate attempt to escape.
Some animals chew or twist off their own limbs in a desperate attempt to escape.
Some animals choose particular mates.
Some animals classify as carnivores.
Some animals classify as primates.
Some animals classify as reptiles.
Some animals climb trees.
Some animals climb vertical poles.
Some animals collect food to store for the long .
Some animals collect fruit.
Some animals collect seeds.
Some animals come from breeders.
Some animals come from Canada.
Some animals come from coasts.
Some animals come from environments.
Some animals come from farms.
Some animals come from forests.
Some animals come from ground.
Some animals come from islands.
Some animals come from oceans.
Some animals come from owners who can no longer keep their pets.
Some animals come from pasture.
Some animals come from rivers.
Some animals come from sea.
Some animals come in at high tide as predators of intertidal species.
Some animals come into our lives and quietly go.
Some animals come into rescue sick or pregnant, or otherwise unadoptable.
Some animals come out at nights.
Some animals communicate in signs.
Some animals communicate with sound.
Some animals compete with domestic livestock.
Some animals compete with humans for space to live.
Some animals compete with livestock.
Some animals complete metamorphosis.
Some animals complete their life cycle in the body of two hosts, and they are called digenic.
Some animals confront predators.
Some animals conserve water.
Some animals construct burrows.
Some animals consume alcohol.
Some animals consume animals.
Some animals consume ants.
Some animals consume bloodroots.
Some animals consume butter clams.
Some animals consume calories.
Some animals consume clams.
Some animals consume corn.
Some animals consume grain.
Some animals consume hawksbills.
Some animals consume mice.
Some animals consume more calories.
Some animals consume other animals.
Some animals consume reptiles.
Some animals consume roots.
Some animals consume tapeworms.
Some animals consume types.
Some animals consume whole seeds.
Some animals consume worms.
Some animals continually lose and replace their teeth.
Some animals continue to be active in the winter.
Some animals continue to eat normally.
Some animals control concentration.
Some animals control pests.
Some animals control solute concentration.
Some animals convert ammonia to less toxic substances.
Some animals crave attention while others cower under the bed.
Some animals crawl or burrow into the bottom of a body of water.
Some animals cross ants.
Some animals cross districts.
Some animals cross environments.
Some animals cross farms.
Some animals cross oceans.
Some animals cross ponds.
Some animals cross rivers.
Some animals cross sea.
Some animals cross swamp.
Some animals cross tracks.
Some animals cross tundra.
Some animals cry.
Some animals deceive other species into providing all parental care.
Some animals defend a huge territory or roam over a large area.
Some animals defend a large territory or roam over a large range.
Some animals deliberately leave 'messages', especially when marking their territory.
Some animals depend on availability.
Some animals depend on eggs.
Some animals depend on homes.
Some animals depend on humans.
Some animals depend on mangroves.
Some animals depend on milk.
Some animals depend on natural pasture.
Some animals depend on nests.
Some animals depend on sea.
Some animals depend on sex.
Some animals depend on wetland.
Some animals deposit chemicals.
Some animals derive from ancestors.
Some animals derive from stock.
Some animals descend from apes.
Some animals descend from individuals.
Some animals descend from monkeys.
Some animals destroy boats.
Some animals destroy cages.
Some animals destroy crops.
Some animals destroy habitats.
Some animals destroy hives.
Some animals destroy nests.
Some animals destroy newspapers.
Some animals detect passage.
Some animals develop a natural immunity after exposure to several ticks.
Some animals develop antibodies.
Some animals develop antlers.
Some animals develop cancer.
Some animals develop defense mechanisms, like porcupine quills or the plated armor of an armadillo.
Some animals develop diarrhoea or have signs of haemorrhaging.
Some animals develop fixed eating habits.
Some animals develop infection.
Some animals develop myocardial lesions.
Some animals develop pneumonia or heart arrhythmias which can lead to sudden death.
Some animals die before average lifespans.
Some animals die before lifespans.
Some animals die but many others survive but are severely debilitated.
Some animals die from anthrax.
Some animals die from dehydration.
Some animals die from diseases.
Some animals die from infection.
Some animals die from lack.
Some animals die from secondary infection.
Some animals die from starvation.
Some animals die in short time.
Some animals die in time.
Some animals die in wood.
Some animals die of dehydration.
Some animals die of exhaustion.
Some animals die of exposure.
Some animals die of heat exhaustion.
Some animals die of hunger.
Some animals die of infection.
Some animals die of injuries.
Some animals die of starvation.
Some animals die within a few days after first signs appear.
Some animals dig earth.
Some animals dig gardens.
Some animals dig habitats.
Some animals dig houses.
Some animals digest plastic.
Some animals disperse seeds.
Some animals disperse shrub seeds.
Some animals display locomotion.
Some animals dissipate heat absorbed from their surroundings by various mechanisms.
Some animals dive into water.
Some animals do different tasks.
Some animals do engage in homosexual activity.
Some animals do eventually leave an area where they are being hunted, congesting others.
Some animals do have good color vision.
Some animals do show improvement after the first treatment.
Some animals do tasks.
Some animals dominate the others.
Some animals dominate worlds.
Some animals drink nectar.
Some animals drop their tear down.
Some animals eat acorns.
Some animals eat and drink when hungry.
Some animals eat animals.
Some animals eat anteaters.
Some animals eat ants.
Some animals eat apples.
Some animals eat armadillos.
Some animals eat aspen.
Some animals eat bait.
Some animals eat bamboo.
Some animals eat banana slugs.
Some animals eat bark.
Some animals eat bats.
Some animals eat beavers.
Some animals eat bees.
Some animals eat beetles.
Some animals eat berries.
Some animals eat birds.
Some animals eat blood.
Some animals eat both plants and meat.
Some animals eat both, plants as well as other animals.
Some animals eat bread.
Some animals eat bushes.
Some animals eat butterflies.
Some animals eat cacti.
Some animals eat caribou.
Some animals eat carnivores.
Some animals eat caterpillars.
Some animals eat centipedes.
Some animals eat cereal grain.
Some animals eat chickens.
Some animals eat cicadas.
Some animals eat clams.
Some animals eat clay.
Some animals eat corn.
Some animals eat creatures.
Some animals eat crops.
Some animals eat cycads.
Some animals eat dandelions.
Some animals eat dead animals or carrion.
Some animals eat dead animals.
Some animals eat deer.
Some animals eat detrituses.
Some animals eat diatoms.
Some animals eat different animals.
Some animals eat earthworms.
Some animals eat eat animals.
Some animals eat eels.
Some animals eat eggs.
Some animals eat eucalyptuses.
Some animals eat evergreen shrubs.
Some animals eat excrement naturally and pigs are still fed it on some cattle farms.
Some animals eat eye tree frogs.
Some animals eat flowers.
Some animals eat freeze squids.
Some animals eat frogs.
Some animals eat fungi.
Some animals eat geese.
Some animals eat giraffes.
Some animals eat grain.
Some animals eat gray wolves.
Some animals eat grease.
Some animals eat grubs.
Some animals eat hatchlings.
Some animals eat hazel nuts.
Some animals eat helpless animals.
Some animals eat herbages.
Some animals eat honey.
Some animals eat iguanas.
Some animals eat jellyfish.
Some animals eat juniper seeds.
Some animals eat kelp.
Some animals eat krill.
Some animals eat leaves.
Some animals eat lemmings.
Some animals eat lemurs.
Some animals eat lettuce.
Some animals eat lizards.
Some animals eat lobsters.
Some animals eat mealworms.
Some animals eat meat, some eat plants, and many eat both.
Some animals eat mollusks.
Some animals eat monkeys.
Some animals eat mosquitoes.
Some animals eat moths.
Some animals eat nuts.
Some animals eat omnivores.
Some animals eat only one particular plant or other animal.
Some animals eat only other animals.
Some animals eat only plants, and they are in turn eaten by larger animals.
Some animals eat only plants.
Some animals eat orange.
Some animals eat other animals that have eaten plants.
Some animals eat other animals they live with.
Some animals eat other animals to get energy.
Some animals eat other animals to survive and fish eat plants and other livings things in the water.
Some animals eat other animals.
Some animals eat parts of plants for their food and some animals eat other animals for their food.
Some animals eat penguins.
Some animals eat pests.
Some animals eat phytoplankton.
Some animals eat pink fairy armadillos.
Some animals eat plankton.
Some animals eat plants and live in holes in the ground.
Some animals eat plants and meat.
Some animals eat plants and others eat animals that eat plants.
Some animals eat plants and some animals eat animals that eat plants.
Some animals eat plants and some animals eat other animals.
Some animals eat plants as well as other animals.
Some animals eat plants for food.
Some animals eat plants only.
Some animals eat plants they live with.
Some animals eat plants while others eat other animals.
Some animals eat plants, and some eat other animals.
Some animals eat plants, others eat other animals.
Some animals eat plants, some animals eat other animals.
Some animals eat plants.
Some animals eat platypuses.
Some animals eat potoroos.
Some animals eat predators.
Some animals eat primary producers.
Some animals eat producers.
Some animals eat purple saxifrages.
Some animals eat rabbits.
Some animals eat rats.
Some animals eat rice.
Some animals eat rodents.
Some animals eat roots.
Some animals eat rot wood.
Some animals eat saguaros.
Some animals eat salamanders.
Some animals eat salmon.
Some animals eat salt.
Some animals eat saxifrages.
Some animals eat scavengers.
Some animals eat sea slugs.
Some animals eat seaweed.
Some animals eat seedlings.
Some animals eat seeds.
Some animals eat shoots.
Some animals eat shrubs.
Some animals eat skunks.
Some animals eat slugs.
Some animals eat small animals.
Some animals eat snails.
Some animals eat spiders.
Some animals eat sponges.
Some animals eat squids.
Some animals eat squirrels.
Some animals eat takins.
Some animals eat termites.
Some animals eat the fruits, seeds, leaves, and woody parts of living trees.
Some animals eat toads.
Some animals eat tree frogs.
Some animals eat trees.
Some animals eat turtles.
Some animals eat twice a day.
Some animals eat urchins.
Some animals eat vegetables.
Some animals eat voles.
Some animals eat wolves.
Some animals eat wood.
Some animals eat worms.
Some animals eat zooplankton.
Some animals eats both plants and animals.
Some animals emerge at nights.
Some animals emerge from Africa.
Some animals emerge from dens.
Some animals emerge from forests.
Some animals emerge from ground.
Some animals emerge from habitats.
Some animals emerge from hide places.
Some animals emerge from places.
Some animals emerge from regions.
Some animals emerge from water.
Some animals emit electromagnetic forces.
Some animals emit forces.
Some animals emit vapor.
Some animals emit water vapor.
Some animals encounter forests.
Some animals engage in care.
Some animals engage in maternal care.
Some animals enjoy apples.
Some animals enjoy butters.
Some animals enjoy comfort.
Some animals enjoy peanut butters.
Some animals enlarge themselves to discourage predators.
Some animals enter apartments.
Some animals enter caves.
Some animals enter ground.
Some animals enter habitats.
Some animals enter plants.
Some animals escape artists.
Some animals escape attacks.
Some animals escape beasts.
Some animals escape from cages.
Some animals escape from farms.
Some animals escape from homes.
Some animals escape the high surface temperature by climbing into shrubs where the air is cooler.
Some animals even come business specific.
Some animals even eat leaves.
Some animals even employ geomagnetic sensing, electrical sensing, and echolocation.
Some animals even have partnerships with other animals.
Some animals even have the ability to sense electric fields.
Some animals even have their own housekeepers, while others make a new bed each night.
Some animals even live in other animal's homes.
Some animals even move into holes inside human dwellings.
Some animals evolve into breeds.
Some animals evolve into reptiles.
Some animals excrete acid.
Some animals excrete excess nitrogen.
Some animals excrete nitrogen.
Some animals excrete sweat through pores in the skin.
Some animals exhibit a more typical beef build and others tend toward dairy.
Some animals exhibit astonishing behaviours.
Some animals exhibit defects.
Some animals exhibit genetic variability.
Some animals exhibit group behavioral mechanisms.
Some animals exhibit heat production.
Some animals exhibit mate preference.
Some animals exhibit phenotypes.
Some animals exhibit physical defects.
Some animals exhibit preference.
Some animals exhibit production.
Some animals exhibit structures.
Some animals exhibit symmetry.
Some animals exhibit symptoms but recover spontaneously and completely.
Some animals exhibit variability.
Some animals exist in indian river lagoons.
Some animals exist in lagoons.
Some animals expel compounds.
Some animals expel different compounds.
Some animals experience hibernation.
Some animals experience seasonal hibernation.
Some animals exploit environments.
Some animals face consequences.
Some animals face extinction.
Some animals face predators.
Some animals face problems.
Some animals face severe consequences.
Some animals fall into streams.
Some animals feast mostly on fish, while others prefer tree bark, for just a couple examples.
Some animals feed beef.
Some animals feed corn.
Some animals feed during afternoons.
Some animals feed during late afternoons.
Some animals feed during nights.
Some animals feed in England.
Some animals feed liquids.
Some animals feed milk from their own bodies to their young.
Some animals feed milk.
Some animals feed on algas.
Some animals feed on bacteria.
Some animals feed on bamboo.
Some animals feed on beech nuts.
Some animals feed on dead termites.
Some animals feed on fish.
Some animals feed on flesh.
Some animals feed on flowers.
Some animals feed on grass.
Some animals feed on grow grass.
Some animals feed on grubs.
Some animals feed on herbivores.
Some animals feed on insects.
Some animals feed on lawn grubs.
Some animals feed on lichens.
Some animals feed on microorganisms.
Some animals feed on nectar.
Some animals feed on nuts.
Some animals feed on perches.
Some animals feed on phytoplankton.
Some animals feed on plankton.
Some animals feed on polychaetes.
Some animals feed on samples.
Some animals feed on seeds.
Some animals feed on several trophic levels.
Some animals feed on shrews.
Some animals feed on snails.
Some animals feed on squids.
Some animals feed on termites.
Some animals feed on wetland grass.
Some animals feed on zooplankton.
Some animals feed owls.
Some animals feel waves.
Some animals fight each other to show dominance and attract females.
Some animals find in grassland.
Some animals find in habitats.
Some animals find in lakes.
Some animals find in marine water.
Some animals find in rivers.
Some animals find in water.
Some animals find oak leaves and acorns irresistible.
Some animals find on farms.
Some animals find shelter between the shells.
Some animals fly in the sky, some animals swim in a pond, and some animals live on the ground.
Some animals fly over ground.
Some animals fly, swim and some are mammals and some are pets.
Some animals follow owners.
Some animals follow paths.
Some animals follow people.
Some animals follow spiral paths.
Some animals form part of the human food chain.
Some animals freeze in places.
Some animals freeze to death.
Some animals get carbon dioxide.
Some animals get dioxide.
Some animals get in on the asexual act, too.
Some animals get infection.
Some animals get milk.
Some animals get nectar.
Some animals get park visitors.
Some animals get their names from their appearances or behaviors.
Some animals get vegetables.
Some animals get visitors.
Some animals give birth to pigs.
Some animals give birth to ponies.
Some animals give birth to predators.
Some animals give evidence.
Some animals give off distinctive scents or odors that are easily noticed by humans.
Some animals give themselves up to the wolf, perhaps as a means of helping the rest of the pack.
Some animals glide through the trees.
Some animals go crazy in zoos.
Some animals go into a dormant and bears state during the summer.
Some animals go into shocks.
Some animals go through a period of inactivity during extreme heat called estivation .
Some animals go through periods.
Some animals go to desperate lengths to escape, often gnawing off part of their own leg or paw.
Some animals go to oceans.
Some animals go to palaces.
Some animals grasp prey.
Some animals grasp tails.
Some animals graze corals.
Some animals graze grass.
Some animals graze in fields.
Some animals graze in pasture.
Some animals graze in reefs.
Some animals graze mix grass.
Some animals graze on clover.
Some animals graze on flowers.
Some animals graze on foliage.
Some animals graze on it.
Some animals graze on kelp.
Some animals graze on lush pasture.
Some animals graze on pasture.
Some animals graze on phytoplankton.
Some animals graze on red clover.
Some animals graze on trees.
Some animals graze on worts.
Some animals graze on young trees.
Some animals graze poisonous weeds.
Some animals graze weeds.
Some animals grow a thick coat of cashmere during the winter months.
Some animals grow in shells.
Some animals grow too large in the womb, sometimes to the point of killing their surrogate mothers.
Some animals grow warmer coats,for the winter.
Some animals hang from branches.
Some animals harbor algas.
Some animals harbor bacteria.
Some animals harbor dinoflagellates.
Some animals harbor photosynthetic algas.
Some animals harbor photosynthetic dinoflagellates.
Some animals has-part antlers.
Some animals has-part aortas.
Some animals has-part brows.
Some animals has-part claws.
Some animals has-part hoofs.
Some animals has-part livers.
Some animals has-part nerves.
Some animals has-part penises.
Some animals has-part shells.
Some animals has-part wombs.
Some animals has-part wrists.
Some animals hatch from eggs, even dinosaurs.
Some animals hatch from eggs.
Some animals hate snakes.
Some animals have a gentle disposition, i.e., a docile spirit.
Some animals have a more highly developed taste sense and can taste whether vegetals are toxic.
Some animals have a much heightened sense of smell.
Some animals have a particular kind of gait.
Some animals have a poor image.
Some animals have a simple cycle, like humans.
Some animals have a single stomach, while others have multi-chambered stomachs.
Some animals have a special way of surviving winter called 'hibernation'.
Some animals have a tail.
Some animals have a tendency to store it in great quantities in their livers.
Some animals have a tint in- clining to grayish brown, rather than dark brown.
Some animals have an asymmetrical body plan, which means their body shape is irregular.
Some animals have applications.
Some animals have appreciation.
Some animals have armor shells.
Some animals have armor.
Some animals have backgrounds.
Some animals have bacteria.
Some animals have beaks.
Some animals have benefits.
Some animals have best chances.
Some animals have better chances.
Some animals have bilateral symmetry.
Some animals have black flecking on the skin underneath the coat.
Some animals have blubber.
Some animals have body cavities.
Some animals have broad applications.
Some animals have broad shoulders.
Some animals have bulbs.
Some animals have caecums.
Some animals have cages.
Some animals have calcareous exoskeletons.
Some animals have causes.
Some animals have cavities.
Some animals have centers.
Some animals have chances.
Some animals have characters.
Some animals have chemical sensitivity.
Some animals have claws.
Some animals have coat layers.
Some animals have coloration.
Some animals have commonalities.
Some animals have compartments.
Some animals have complete metamorphosis.
Some animals have compliments.
Some animals have compound eyes.
Some animals have conditions.
Some animals have coughs.
Some animals have crests.
Some animals have curves.
Some animals have degrees.
Some animals have dens.
Some animals have diabetes but there are no veterinary drugs to counter their diabetes.
Some animals have diarrhea.
Some animals have different proportions of muscle.
Some animals have different types of physical protection.
Some animals have different types of teeth for food- getting.
Some animals have different vocalizations for different occasions.
Some animals have difficulty digesting it.
Some animals have digits.
Some animals have diseases.
Some animals have domains.
Some animals have edges.
Some animals have eggs that develop inside the body of the mother before they are born.
Some animals have elbow rooms.
Some animals have exoskeletons.
Some animals have expectancy.
Some animals have eyes in different places.
Some animals have feathers.
Some animals have fevers.
Some animals have flaps.
Some animals have flexible outer shells.
Some animals have flippers.
Some animals have four.
Some animals have genetic backgrounds.
Some animals have hard shells.
Some animals have health.
Some animals have high fevers.
Some animals have horns or antlers to fight off predators.
Some animals have horns.
Some animals have illnesses.
Some animals have immunity.
Some animals have incisors.
Some animals have inductions.
Some animals have infection.
Some animals have injuries.
Some animals have insects.
Some animals have internal, hardened structures utilized for grinding food.
Some animals have issues.
Some animals have ivory tusks.
Some animals have jet black eyes which look like holes in their heads without that highlight.
Some animals have journeys.
Some animals have large thermal inertia.
Some animals have layers.
Some animals have life expectancy.
Some animals have light.
Some animals have long snouts.
Some animals have lots.
Some animals have metamorphosis.
Some animals have mites.
Some animals have modest symbolic learning capability.
Some animals have more difficulty in some seasons than others, just as people do.
Some animals have more powerful senses than people.
Some animals have more than one type of eye.
Some animals have much brighter eye-shines than others.
Some animals have muzzles.
Some animals have natural immunity.
Some animals have necessity.
Some animals have negative buoyancy.
Some animals have nest sites.
Some animals have notochords.
Some animals have one location in their home range, like a den or a nest, that is their home.
Some animals have only one partner throughout their life.
Some animals have only one sex.
Some animals have only two or three chambers .
Some animals have only two or three chambers.
Some animals have organizations.
Some animals have organs from both sexes.
Some animals have outer shells.
Some animals have ovaries.
Some animals have partial immunity to the venom of their favourite scorpion snack.
Some animals have pens.
Some animals have personal properties.
Some animals have plenty.
Some animals have pneumonia.
Some animals have pocket flaps.
Some animals have poison.
Some animals have pouches.
Some animals have pressure.
Some animals have properties.
Some animals have pulmonary pressure.
Some animals have quills.
Some animals have rabies.
Some animals have reputations.
Some animals have residues.
Some animals have rings.
Some animals have ringworm and show no symptoms.
Some animals have rooms.
Some animals have round white spots.
Some animals have rounders.
Some animals have salmonella bacteria.
Some animals have same coloration.
Some animals have secretion.
Some animals have sensitivity.
Some animals have sharp claws.
Some animals have sharp teeth or incisors for gnawing like the rats, hamsters, and rabbits.
Some animals have shells.
Some animals have short life cycles, taking advantage of the short summer to multiply rapidly.
Some animals have short limbs.
Some animals have shoulders.
Some animals have similar genetic backgrounds.
Some animals have single compartments.
Some animals have sites.
Some animals have slender muzzles.
Some animals have slight fevers.
Some animals have snouts.
Some animals have social organizations.
Some animals have special adaptations for living in the desert biome.
Some animals have special arm-like structures called pedipalps.
Some animals have special markings that help to disguise their shapes.
Some animals have special organs where they house the symbionts.
Some animals have special sponsors, making their adoption fee lower.
Some animals have special toes that stick to the tree.
Some animals have specialization.
Some animals have specialized adaptations for dealing with the desert heat and lack of water.
Some animals have spiny shells.
Some animals have spontaneous ovulations.
Some animals have spots.
Some animals have sting tentacles.
Some animals have stomach compartments.
Some animals have stricter diets than others.
Some animals have strong body odors naturally.
Some animals have suckers.
Some animals have symmetry.
Some animals have symptoms.
Some animals have tentacles.
Some animals have terminal illnesses.
Some animals have the habit of migrating from one place to another.
Some animals have thermal inertia.
Some animals have third layers.
Some animals have to be taught how to find their own food.
Some animals have to endure many threats at once.
Some animals have tongues that are specially adapted for catching prey.
Some animals have trees.
Some animals have trouble adapting to the change and start to die off.
Some animals have true coeloms.
Some animals have tubes.
Some animals have tusks.
Some animals have two colour fleeces and there is also a wide range of patterns.
Some animals have visible injuries.
Some animals have white spots.
Some animals have wings.
Some animals head for warmer climates during the winter.
Some animals head underground for a long winter s nap.
Some animals head underground for a long winter's nap.
Some animals hear people.
Some animals help children.
Some animals help people.
Some animals help plants make new plants.
Some animals help plants reproduce.
Some animals help plants to reproduce.
Some animals help plants.
Some animals help populations.
Some animals help scientists.
Some animals help unique habitats.
Some animals hibernate , or sleep through the winter.
Some animals hibernate , usually during the winter , when food is short .
Some animals hibernate during the winter and others migrate to warmer climates during winter.
Some animals hibernate during the winter months.
Some animals hibernate during the winter such as bats and chipmunks.
Some animals hibernate during winter.
Some animals hibernate for part or all of the winter .
Some animals hibernate for part or all of the winter.
Some animals hibernate in summer.
Some animals hibernate in winter.
Some animals hibernate or migrate during the winter to escape the cold.
Some animals hibernate over the winter, going into a very deep sleep.
Some animals hibernate through the winter, while others struggle on through the harsh weather.
Some animals hibernate, living on stored fat until the warm weather returns.
Some animals hibernate, take shelter, or even migrate to warmer areas.
Some animals hibernate, usually during the winter, when food is short.
Some animals hide in burrows.
Some animals hide in crevices.
Some animals hide in gardens.
Some animals hide in hay.
Some animals hide in holes.
Some animals hide in moist crevices.
Some animals hide in mud.
Some animals hide nests.
Some animals hide underground.
Some animals hide, or take refuge in burrows in the ground.
Some animals hide, some cling to humans, and some howl as if in pain.
Some animals hoard food for winter use.
Some animals hold breaths.
Some animals hold hands.
Some animals hunt people.
Some animals hunt wolves.
Some animals ignore the rain.
Some animals imitate others in colour or behaviour in order to fool predators or prey.
Some animals imprint on humans easily.
Some animals increase thirsts.
Some animals infect animals.
Some animals infect domestic animals.
Some animals infect lungs.
Some animals infect with organisms.
Some animals infect with parasites.
Some animals infect with tuberculosis.
Some animals inflict injuries.
Some animals inflict serious injuries.
Some animals ingest plastic.
Some animals ingest poison.
Some animals inhabit chambers.
Some animals inhabit deserts.
Some animals inhabit dry deserts.
Some animals inhabit face mountain slopes.
Some animals inhabit face slopes.
Some animals inhabit hills.
Some animals inhabit mangroves.
Some animals inhabit mountain slopes.
Some animals inhabit oceans.
Some animals inhabit ponds.
Some animals inhabit prairie dog towns.
Some animals inhabit savannahs.
Some animals inhabit sea.
Some animals inhabit shells.
Some animals inhabit slopes.
Some animals inhabit surround mangroves.
Some animals inhabit towns.
Some animals inhabit trees.
Some animals inhabit water.
Some animals injure animals.
Some animals injure domestic animals.
Some animals injure themselves while trying to escape from snares.
Some animals instinctively gather together as a herd.
Some animals insulate their bodies with extra layers of fat and fur.
Some animals invade Africa.
Some animals invade burrows.
Some animals invade continents.
Some animals invade fields.
Some animals invade forests.
Some animals invade gardens.
Some animals invade holes.
Some animals invade houses.
Some animals invade islands.
Some animals invade pasture.
Some animals invade territory.
Some animals invade trees.
Some animals involve in accidents.
Some animals join forces.
Some animals jump over fences.
Some animals just keep that smell, it fades after a while.
Some animals just look ill, and some develop vague, weird neurologic signs.
Some animals just seem to be naturally lucky.
Some animals just seem to want to be close, and in dangerous times closer still.
Some animals just swallow it whole, like birds, many reptiles, frogs, and fishes b.
Some animals keep as domestic pets.
Some animals keep as pets.
Some animals keep fat before winter and hibernates like the bears.
Some animals keep the zygote in their bodies until it is a full-grown baby .
Some animals keep the zygote in their bodies until it is a full-grown baby.
Some animals kill adults.
Some animals kill babies.
Some animals kill birds.
Some animals kill cats.
Some animals kill deer.
Some animals kill domestic livestock.
Some animals kill gerbils.
Some animals kill insects.
Some animals kill jellyfish.
Some animals kill livestock.
Some animals kill mammals.
Some animals kill meat.
Some animals kill mice.
Some animals kill other animals.
Some animals kill other small animals.
Some animals kill parasites.
Some animals kill parrots.
Some animals kill people.
Some animals kill plants.
Some animals kill porcupines.
Some animals kill predators.
Some animals kill rabbits.
Some animals kill sheep.
Some animals kill small animals.
Some animals kill tigers.
Some animals kill victims.
Some animals kill weasels.
Some animals kill wolves.
Some animals lack backbones.
Some animals lack coeloms.
Some animals lay eggs while others including human beings give birth to young ones.
Some animals lay eggs, while others reproduce by giving birth to young ones.
Some animals lead to death.
Some animals lead to extinction.
Some animals learn behavior.
Some animals learn best ways.
Some animals learn by observing others.
Some animals learn roundabout ways.
Some animals learn ways.
Some animals leave burrows.
Some animals leave homes.
Some animals leave owners.
Some animals lift legs.
Some animals like to sleep in logs like snakes, wombats and echidnas.
Some animals live a long time.
Some animals live along banks.
Some animals live along stream banks.
Some animals live at amusement parks.
Some animals live at bottoms.
Some animals live at elevation.
Some animals live at lower elevation.
Some animals live at parks.
Some animals live both on land and in water.
Some animals live directly in and around the marshes, such as hippopotamuses and crocodiles.
Some animals live entire lifetimes within a single home refuge.
Some animals live in Africa.
Some animals live in african savanna.
Some animals live in agricultural fields.
Some animals live in Alaska.
Some animals live in Alberta.
Some animals live in animals.
Some animals live in Antarctica.
Some animals live in aquaria.
Some animals live in arctic tundra.
Some animals live in Australia.
Some animals live in back yards.
Some animals live in bands.
Some animals live in barren deserts.
Some animals live in beaches.
Some animals live in burrows.
Some animals live in cages.
Some animals live in California.
Some animals live in canyons.
Some animals live in chaparrals.
Some animals live in coasts.
Some animals live in communities.
Some animals live in Connecticut.
Some animals live in corals.
Some animals live in deep water.
Some animals live in deserts.
Some animals live in estuaries.
Some animals live in fields.
Some animals live in fresh water.
Some animals live in grassland.
Some animals live in ground.
Some animals live in gulfs.
Some animals live in hemispheres.
Some animals live in herds.
Some animals live in holes.
Some animals live in hollows.
Some animals live in houses.
Some animals live in India.
Some animals live in interiors.
Some animals live in islands.
Some animals live in jungle.
Some animals live in lagoons.
Some animals live in lakes.
Some animals live in land and some live in water and some live on both places.
Some animals live in leaves.
Some animals live in Maine.
Some animals live in Mali.
Some animals live in marine water.
Some animals live in Mexico.
Some animals live in mountains.
Some animals live in mud.
Some animals live in neighborhoods.
Some animals live in oceans.
Some animals live in open oceans.
Some animals live in orchards.
Some animals live in other animals.
Some animals live in packs.
Some animals live in pens.
Some animals live in ranches.
Some animals live in reefs.
Some animals live in rivers.
Some animals live in salt water.
Some animals live in sanctuaries.
Some animals live in sand.
Some animals live in savanna.
Some animals live in sea water.
Some animals live in sea.
Some animals live in shallow burrows.
Some animals live in shallow water.
Some animals live in shells.
Some animals live in shorelines.
Some animals live in specific habitats as well.
Some animals live in steppes.
Some animals live in terrains.
Some animals live in the forest and some-under the water.
Some animals live in tidepools for their whole life, others wash in and out with the tides.
Some animals live in topsoil.
Some animals live in trees.
Some animals live in treetops.
Some animals live in tundra.
Some animals live in Uganda.
Some animals live in underground burrows.
Some animals live in valleys.
Some animals live in water.
Some animals live in wood.
Some animals live in yards.
Some animals live in zoos.
Some animals live near the water and depend on pond plants and animals.
Some animals live on Antarctica.
Some animals live on ants.
Some animals live on bottoms.
Some animals live on coral reefs.
Some animals live on environments.
Some animals live on farms.
Some animals live on floors.
Some animals live on forest floors.
Some animals live on ice.
Some animals live on land, some in water, while others live both on land and water.
Some animals live on ocean floors.
Some animals live on plants.
Some animals live on reefs.
Some animals live on savannahs.
Some animals live on sides.
Some animals live on slopes.
Some animals live on the surface of the mud or move in and out with the tide.
Some animals live on tops.
Some animals live on trees.
Some animals live on tundra.
Some animals live on vegetation.
Some animals live permanently in groups, often as a protective measure.
Some animals live their entire lives at the bottom while others spend their larval stages there.
Some animals live together in groups and display social behavior.
Some animals live underground for all or much of the time.
Some animals live with people.
Some animals living in cold environments maintain their body temperature by preventing heat loss.
Some animals living there are bears, tigers, lions, wolves, panthers, zebras and more.
Some animals locomote by jumping or leaping, while others crawl or slither.
Some animals look for homes.
Some animals look like bears.
Some animals look like cows.
Some animals look like deer.
Some animals look like dinosaurs.
Some animals look like dogs.
Some animals look like hyraxes.
Some animals look like other animals.
Some animals look like spines.
Some animals look like wolves.
Some animals lose ability.
Some animals lose blood.
Some animals lose energy.
Some animals lose enough blood.
Some animals lose fear.
Some animals lose forest habitats.
Some animals lose habitats.
Some animals lose heat energy.
Some animals lose interest.
Some animals lose limbs.
Some animals lose salt.
Some animals lose the herd entirely.
Some animals lose the insulation provided by their feathers and die of hypothermia.
Some animals lose their old scales and grow new ones two or three times a year .
Some animals lose their thin summer coats and don winter ones.
Some animals lose water.
Some animals love homes.
Some animals love musicians.
Some animals love people.
Some animals love sunlight.
Some animals love wives.
Some animals maintain concentration.
Some animals maintain differences.
Some animals maintain permanent territories here.
Some animals maintain salt concentration.
Some animals make better candle fat than others.
Some animals make burrows.
Some animals make certain food.
Some animals make eggs.
Some animals make fiber.
Some animals make food.
Some animals make methane.
Some animals make normal pigments in parts of their bodies and no pigments in others.
Some animals make own food.
Some animals make structures.
Some animals make their homes in the rainforests, like rhinos, monkeys, elephants, and many birds.
Some animals make their homes in trees.
Some animals make their own roads.
Some animals make wonderful family pets.
Some animals mate predators.
Some animals merge with their background by the use of just a single color.
Some animals migrate and therefore come and go seasonally.
Some animals migrate great distances between specific places.
Some animals migrate only short distances.
Some animals migrate over large distances to find food or nesting sites.
Some animals migrate to farms.
Some animals migrate to ground.
Some animals migrate to groups.
Some animals migrate to regions.
Some animals migrate, moving to warmer climates where food is available.
Some animals migrate.
Some animals move bones.
Some animals move ears.
Some animals move far in search of food.
Some animals move from place to place to meet their needs.
Some animals move into areas of tussock grass, and molting females often seek muddy wallows.
Some animals move into areas.
Some animals move into forest regions.
Some animals move into places.
Some animals move into regions.
Some animals move kms.
Some animals move manners.
Some animals move over to warmer southern parts.
Some animals move seasonally from one location to another.
Some animals move to a new location.
Some animals move to areas.
Some animals move to find food and stay warm.
Some animals move to more favourable conditions.
Some animals move wings.
Some animals never drink, but get their water from seeds.
Some animals never leave the water.
Some animals nibble the tops off.
Some animals occupy ecological niches.
Some animals occupy niches.
Some animals occupy similar ecological niches.
Some animals occupy warrens.
Some animals occur in areas.
Some animals occur in counties.
Some animals occur in forests.
Some animals occur in ground.
Some animals occur in groups.
Some animals occur in habitats.
Some animals occur in Missouri.
Some animals occur in nests.
Some animals occur in paintings.
Some animals occur in rivers.
Some animals occur in wetland.
Some animals only eat one kind of food whereas others have a more varied diet.
Some animals only eat plants.
Some animals only have arms, others only have tentacles, and some have both.
Some animals only have certain cones, meaning that they can see only limited colors.
Some animals only visit certain flowers.
Some animals opportunistically mate with individuals of another species.
Some animals pass directly from the anxiety stage to paralysis without becoming violent.
Some animals perform complex rituals to attract a mate.
Some animals pick up viruses.
Some animals play both roles, eating both plants and animals.
Some animals play in brushes.
Some animals play in oceans.
Some animals play in sea.
Some animals play in wildernesses.
Some animals point ears.
Some animals pollinate plants.
Some animals pose threats.
Some animals possess alimentary canals.
Some animals possess attributes.
Some animals possess bands.
Some animals possess canals.
Some animals possess coats.
Some animals possess collars.
Some animals possess diploid phases.
Some animals possess fins.
Some animals possess hoofs.
Some animals possess horns.
Some animals possess manes.
Some animals possess notochords.
Some animals possess parasites.
Some animals possess phases.
Some animals possess proboscises.
Some animals possess reaction.
Some animals possess rears.
Some animals possess scrota.
Some animals possess skeletons.
Some animals possess slits.
Some animals possess tentacles.
Some animals possess toes.
Some animals possess valves.
Some animals possess viruses.
Some animals pour bodily fluids on themselves to take advantage of evaporative cooling.
Some animals prefer a full, shallow dish, others seem to like reaching down into a container.
Some animals prefer cliffs.
Some animals prefer prey.
Some animals prefer sites.
Some animals prefer wetland.
Some animals present problems.
Some animals pretend to be dead when faced with danger.
Some animals prevent dehydration.
Some animals prey on armadillos.
Some animals prey on bandicoots.
Some animals prey on caterpillars.
Some animals prey on common garter snakes.
Some animals prey on deer.
Some animals prey on garter snakes.
Some animals prey on gazelles.
Some animals prey on geckos.
Some animals prey on hares.
Some animals prey on larvae.
Some animals prey on livestock.
Some animals prey on mice.
Some animals prey on platypuses.
Some animals prey on porcupines.
Some animals prey on salamander larvae.
Some animals prey on snakes.
Some animals prey on turtles.
Some animals prey upon beavers.
Some animals prey upon centipedes.
Some animals prey upon deer.
Some animals prey upon hyenas.
Some animals prey upon porcupines.
Some animals prey upon rattlesnakes.
Some animals prey upon snakes.
Some animals produce a single egg at a time, while others produce millions of eggs at a time.
Some animals produce chemicals.
Some animals produce electricity.
Some animals produce fiber.
Some animals produce glycerol, an alcohol compound that works as an antifreeze.
Some animals produce loud sound.
Some animals produce products.
Some animals produce sound.
Some animals produce their own lights, called bioluminescence.
Some animals produce tracks.
Some animals produce waste products.
Some animals proliferate in certain countries while they do poorly in others.
Some animals protect their internal salinity with shells or scales.
Some animals provide animals.
Some animals provide energy.
Some animals provide hints.
Some animals provide indirect hints.
Some animals provide only hints.
Some animals provide parasites.
Some animals provide prey.
Some animals provide protection.
Some animals provide substances that are used in making medicine.
Some animals puff themselves up to look bigger and scarier.
Some animals pull carts.
Some animals pull prey.
Some animals raise children.
Some animals raise families.
Some animals range in ages.
Some animals reach adulthood.
Some animals reach maturity.
Some animals reach sexual maturity.
Some animals reach skeletal maturity.
Some animals reach wingspans of over a metre .
Some animals reach wingspans of over a metre.
Some animals really love melons.
Some animals receive attention.
Some animals receive deliveries.
Some animals receive hormones.
Some animals receive injections.
Some animals receive little attention.
Some animals receive medication.
Some animals receive rations.
Some animals receive sperm.
Some animals receive supplemental rations.
Some animals receive vaccines.
Some animals recover from paralysis.
Some animals recover with no permanent damage to the eye.
Some animals regenerate bones.
Some animals regenerate limb bones.
Some animals regrow limbs.
Some animals regulate concentration.
Some animals regulate solute concentration.
Some animals regurgitate meals.
Some animals relate to animals.
Some animals relate to apes.
Some animals relate to cats.
Some animals relate to coyotes.
Some animals relate to horses.
Some animals relate to jellyfish.
Some animals relate to predators.
Some animals relate to rats.
Some animals relate to snakes.
Some animals relate to squirrels.
Some animals rely on blossoms.
Some animals rely on cryptic coloration to conceal themselves from their prey.
Some animals rely on hydrostatic skeletons.
Some animals rely on kangaroo rats.
Some animals rely on krill.
Some animals rely on layers.
Some animals rely on mammals.
Some animals rely on many mammals.
Some animals rely on presence.
Some animals rely on rats.
Some animals rely on skeletons.
Some animals rely on sound.
Some animals rely on underwater sound.
Some animals rely on voles.
Some animals rely on worms.
Some animals rely on yolks.
Some animals remain and stay active in the winter .
Some animals remain and stay active in the winter.
Some animals remain dormant until moisture returns, e.g. the spadefoot toad.
Some animals remain free of symptoms even if confined with affected animals.
Some animals remain in contact.
Some animals remain in danger.
Some animals remain in grave danger.
Some animals remove detrituses.
Some animals reproduce asexually either all of the time or some of the time.
Some animals reproduce by laying eggs.
Some animals reproduce once and die, but many reproduce repeatedly during their adult life.
Some animals require hollow trees for nesting or roosting.
Some animals require labor.
Some animals require more care than others.
Some animals require one daily, some twice daily treatments.
Some animals require special daily medication for conditions such as epilepsy and diabetes.
Some animals require the use of an electroejaculator.
Some animals resemble badgers.
Some animals resemble deer.
Some animals resemble dinosaurs.
Some animals resemble foxes.
Some animals resemble giant guinea pigs.
Some animals resemble giant pigs.
Some animals resemble gorillas.
Some animals resemble guinea pigs.
Some animals resemble hogs.
Some animals resemble mammals.
Some animals resemble mice.
Some animals resemble pigs.
Some animals resemble predators.
Some animals resemble rabbits.
Some animals resemble sea snails.
Some animals resemble snails.
Some animals resemble snakes.
Some animals resemble worms.
Some animals resort to twisting off or chewing off a leg to escape a trap s vise grip.
Some animals respond to changes in temperature.
Some animals rest on backs.
Some animals rest on nests.
Some animals rest on trees.
Some animals retain characteristics.
Some animals retain larval characteristics.
Some animals retain opportunity.
Some animals return almost to full function, while others show abnormalities of the gait.
Some animals return to beaches.
Some animals return to bushes.
Some animals return to habitats.
Some animals return to lakes.
Some animals return to sea.
Some animals return to the wilderness when they are ready to die.
Some animals return to trees.
Some animals return to water.
Some animals return year after year to reuse old nests.
Some animals roll into balls.
Some animals run across roads.
Some animals save water.
Some animals say in statements.
Some animals scratch at the place the virus entered their bodies.
Some animals seek eggs.
Some animals seek homes.
Some animals seek out shades.
Some animals seek out states.
Some animals seem more tolerable than others because they shed fewer allergens.
Some animals seem to be predisposed to periodontal disease, especially in pure breed dogs and cats.
Some animals seem to be self-conscious at times.
Some animals seem to have all of the luck, or maybe their own personal guardian angel.
Some animals seem to spend more energy than others to maintain an internal balance.
Some animals select sites.
Some animals sense danger.
Some animals sense disasters.
Some animals sense earthquakes.
Some animals serve as pests.
Some animals serve as sentinels within the herd, standing guard when the group feeds or rests.
Some animals shake wings.
Some animals share burrows.
Some animals share characteristics.
Some animals share fields.
Some animals share food.
Some animals share grass.
Some animals share holes.
Some animals share many similar characteristics.
Some animals share proof.
Some animals share reefs.
Some animals share similar characteristics.
Some animals share the properties of man and the quadrupeds, as the ape, the monkey and the baboon.
Some animals share water.
Some animals shed horns.
Some animals shed layers.
Some animals shed skin.
Some animals shiver to produce heat.
Some animals show active spermatogenesises.
Some animals show behaviour.
Some animals show characters.
Some animals show difficulty.
Some animals show interest.
Some animals show no signs at all before dying suddenly.
Some animals show only the chronic form with or without acute flare-ups.
Some animals show same behaviour.
Some animals show spermatogenesises.
Some animals show wounds.
Some animals sit in chairs.
Some animals sit in fields.
Some animals sit in sand.
Some animals sit on tails.
Some animals sleep all winter .
Some animals sleep all winter.
Some animals sleep during the day and are active at night.
Some animals sleep during winter and only come out when the warm weather returns.
Some animals sleep on floors.
Some animals sleep on kitchen floors.
Some animals sleep with their eyes open.
Some animals slither or crawl along.
Some animals slow down or stop reproduction when their habitat becomes too crowded.
Some animals specialize in particular types of food.
Some animals specialize on just one plant part.
Some animals spend their entire lives in trees.
Some animals spend their whole life cycle in the water such as water snails and leeches.
Some animals spend years with their mother.
Some animals sport brown coats.
Some animals sport dark brown coats.
Some animals sport dark coats.
Some animals spot hyenas.
Some animals spread pollen.
Some animals spread seeds.
Some animals spread wings.
Some animals stand in barns.
Some animals stand in fields.
Some animals stand in gardens.
Some animals stand in rivers.
Some animals stand on icebergs.
Some animals starve to death.
Some animals stay active and work harder to find food.
Some animals stay awake during the winter and search for food and shelter.
Some animals stay in burrows.
Some animals stay in one area their entire life.
Some animals stay in particular positions.
Some animals stay in places.
Some animals stay in positions.
Some animals stay in same places.
Some animals stay in trees.
Some animals stay near the same place.
Some animals stay on their feet and can be approached.
Some animals stay under water.
Some animals stay up high in the treetops.
Some animals steal eggs.
Some animals still blink as they are dragged out of the ring by a team of horses.
Some animals strand on shores.
Some animals strike heads.
Some animals submerge in shallow water.
Some animals submerge in water.
Some animals suck juice.
Some animals suck milk.
Some animals suffer a loss of weight and lower milk yields which cuts profits.
Some animals suffer damage.
Some animals suffer from abnormalities.
Some animals suffer from ailment.
Some animals suffer from calcium deficiency diseases.
Some animals suffer from diseases.
Some animals suffer from lack.
Some animals suffer from renal diseases.
Some animals suffer from similar ailment.
Some animals suffer irreversible damage.
Some animals suffer milder generalized tonic-clonic seizures in which consciousness is maintained.
Some animals suffer reductions.
Some animals suffer severe damage.
Some animals survive because they learn to adapt.
Some animals survive best exposed to the air, with only an occasional splash.
Some animals survive drought.
Some animals survive extinction.
Some animals survive for many years.
Some animals survive for years.
Some animals survive in american deserts.
Some animals survive in deserts.
Some animals survive in ranges.
Some animals survive mass extinction.
Some animals survive parks.
Some animals survive through a period of winter dormancy.
Some animals sweat, some pant, some lick.
Some animals swim across bays.
Some animals swim in ancient sea.
Some animals swim in lakes.
Some animals swim in oceans.
Some animals swim in sea.
Some animals swim in streams.
Some animals swim in surface water.
Some animals swim in tanks.
Some animals swim in the kelp canopy , and others live on or among the fronds or in the holdfast .
Some animals swim in water.
Some animals swim through water.
Some animals swim to surfaces.
Some animals swim towards warm waters in the Palm Beach County and Sarasota County.
Some animals take advantage.
Some animals take care.
Some animals take places.
Some animals take up epidermises.
Some animals target zebras.
Some animals taste better than others.
Some animals there are lemmings, snowy owls, Arctic foxes, and polar bears.
Some animals threaten children.
Some animals threaten livestock.
Some animals threaten people.
Some animals thrive in Africa.
Some animals thrive in environments.
Some animals thrive in forests.
Some animals thrive in grassland.
Some animals thrive in ground.
Some animals thrive in islands.
Some animals thrive in marine environments.
Some animals thrive in pasture.
Some animals thrive in water.
Some animals throw riders.
Some animals touch hands.
Some animals transmit pathogen.
Some animals transmit rabies.
Some animals travel a long way every year.
Some animals travel in leads through the pack ice far offshore.
Some animals travel quite a distance.
Some animals treat with growth hormones.
Some animals treat with hormones.
Some animals try to chew and bite their own limbs off just to get out of the trap.
Some animals turn into pets.
Some animals turn into warriors.
Some animals turn white or partially white in winter.
Some animals undergo fluctuations.
Some animals undergo gradual, or incomplete, metamorphosis.
Some animals undergo metamorphosis.
Some animals undergo mitosis.
Some animals undergo removals.
Some animals use active secretion.
Some animals use armadillo burrows.
Some animals use biological concepts.
Some animals use both strategies .
Some animals use both strategies.
Some animals use burrows.
Some animals use cages, such as hamsters, gerbils, and mice.
Some animals use camouflage to hide from their enemies.
Some animals use camouflage.
Some animals use color.
Some animals use concepts.
Some animals use crevices in cliffs or stone fences, and others live in thatched roofs.
Some animals use dead trees.
Some animals use energy.
Some animals use flexible tails.
Some animals use flick tongues.
Some animals use for tests.
Some animals use friction.
Some animals use fuel.
Some animals use gills.
Some animals use gopher tortoise burrows.
Some animals use habitat types.
Some animals use hollows.
Some animals use horns.
Some animals use inanimate objects to build displays and secure a mate.
Some animals use it to hide from predators.
Some animals use it to locate obstacles and to detect the movement of animals they are hunting.
Some animals use jet propulsion.
Some animals use kinds.
Some animals use light to lure prey.
Some animals use long tails.
Some animals use metabolic fuel.
Some animals use multiple habitat types.
Some animals use natural habitat for their homes.
Some animals use only one type of plant.
Some animals use plants.
Some animals use power plants.
Some animals use propulsion.
Some animals use seaweed or rocks as protection from predators or the hot sun.
Some animals use secretion.
Some animals use skeletons.
Some animals use spots.
Some animals use tails.
Some animals use technology.
Some animals use the secondary compounds in their foods in unusual ways.
Some animals use the Sun and the stars to figure out the correct direction.
Some animals use their teeth to capture prey.
Some animals use tongues.
Some animals use tools.
Some animals use tree hollows.
Some animals use trees.
Some animals use tusks.
Some animals use types.
Some animals use up to thirty percent of their resting metabolic rate.
Some animals use variation.
Some animals use venom to kill another animal that they are going to eat.
Some animals use venom to protect themselves.
Some animals utilize panting which leads to evaporative cooling.
Some animals venture into water.
Some animals visit backyards.
Some animals visit caves but also spend time above ground.
Some animals visit flowers.
Some animals visit gardens.
Some animals visit ground.
Some animals visit holes.
Some animals visit homes.
Some animals visit ponds.
Some animals visit trees.
Some animals wait out the harsh conditions of winter, constantly searching for food and shelter.
Some animals walk on legs.
Some animals walk on their toes without letting their heels touch.
Some animals walk on tips.
Some animals walk on toes.
Some animals wash up on beaches.
Some animals wear shells.
Some animals weigh kgs.
Some animals weigh tons.
Some animals win by short bursts of speed while others are noted for their endurance.
Some animals work for their owners.
Animalcule isa organism.
Animalcules have (part) cell membranes.
Animalcules have (part) cells.
Animalcules have (part) corpi.
Animalcules have (part) cytoplasm.
Animalcules have (part) nuclei.
Animalcules have (part) plasma membranes.
Animalcules have (part) sections.
Animalcules have (part) vacuoles.
Some animalcules have color.
An animalism is a disposition
Animalism is a scary example of the intent of Liberalism.
Many animallike protists serve as food for larger organisms.
Animals eyes excel over humans in ability to see at night.
Animals food requires land which often involves the destruction of natural ecosystems for fields.
Animals husbandry develops quickly and feed is in great demand.
Animals porn features animal sex.
Animals skeletons get their rigidity primarily from calcium phosphate.
Animals studies indicate.
Animate objects are to be understood in terms of their desires and actions.
Animated ads are acceptable.
Animated ads are also cool.
Animated ads are fine, as long as they conform to the guidelines below.
Animated ads are more likely to be remembered than static ads.
Animated ads can prove distracting.
Animated ads get better placement.
Animated ads take longer to develop.
Animated adverts are extra - depending on the file size.
Animated adverts cost a little extra - price on request.
Animated advertising is generally acceptable.
Animated avatars contain motion, such as an eye tearing, a bird flying, or a flag waving.
Animated banner is permitted.
Animated banners allow advertisers to list more information on the ad.
Animated banners are acceptable and generally result in more click-throughs than do static banners.
Animated banners are acceptable, if they meet the file and image size parameters.
Animated banners are acceptable.
Animated banners are also available.
Animated banners are also subject to approval.
Animated banners are available for an extra fee.
Animated banners are banners with action.
Animated banners are extra.
Animated banners are fine.
Animated banners are more effective at eliciting click-throughs.
Animated banners are ok as long as they are within the above properties.
Animated banners are OK, but keep the size down please.
Animated banners are ok.
Animated banners are okay.
Animated banners are preferred, since they usually produce higher click-through ratio.
Animated banners are very popular nowadays.
Animated banners are welcome for both the full size and the button banners.
Animated banners are welcome.
Animated banners are wonderful things.
Animated banners cost more, because they take more work to create.
Animated banners have a consistently higher attention-grabbing rate than static banners.
Animated banners have a higher click through rate than static banners.
Animated banners have a higher click-through ratio.
Animated banners have higher clickthrough rates than standard banners.
Animated banners have multiple advantages over static or single screen banners.
Animated banners pull better response than static ads.
Animated banners pull better than static ones due to the fact that the movement catches the eye.
Animated banners step readers through two or three successive panels.
Animated banners take longer to load and move rapidly on the screen.
Animated banners tend to get noticed more and therefore stand better chances of being clicked.
Animated banners tend to have better results.
Animated banners work just as well.
Animated buttons are fine.
Animated buttons welcome.
Animated cards are available.
Animated cards are especially fun.
Animated cards are mixed with the static ones.
Animated characters are also a medium used to target children.
Animated characters can be fun and educational, but more importantly, can be good advertising tools.
Animated characters can take over the parent s roll in studying spelling words.
Animated characters dance across some ads.
Animated characters deliver the latest stock updates adding fun and functionality.
Animated characters exchange comments in addition to the narration.
Animated characters lead the user through stretching exercises.
Animated characters make learning fun.
Animated characters narrated by children are sure to grab the player's attention.
Animated characters promote high interest and positive reinforcement so students stay motivated.
Animated characters reveal information and direct users to additional areas of interest.
Animated characters tempt and bedevil our children.
Animated charts walk the student through the examples.
Animated chefs hold court over teppan grills in the center of communal tables.
Animated content helps, spinning logos hurt.
Animated conversations take place in a variety of environments.
Animated counters are right here .
Animated Cursors help.
Animated cutaways reveal internal parts and processes otherwise hidden from view.
Animated demos have a slider to control the animation rate.
Animated demos teach concepts of each graph type.
Animated demonstrations show how the interaction of magnets and electrical charges cause motion.
Animated devices provide visualization and interaction.
Animated diagrams explain hurricane components, how they develop, and the destruction they cause.
Animated diagrams illustrate specific maneuvers.
Animated diagrams show growth processes.
Animated drawing portrays their parasitic action.
Animated drawings are quite realistic.
Animated drawings illustrate process of fertilization.
Animated examples demonstrate the proper shape and stroke order.
Animated examples make physics come alive, and make learning fun.
Animated features continue to profligate with only occasional cinematic achievement.
Animated features have lasting value and appeal, as well as a very long shelf life.
Animated feedback is provided throughout the process.
Animated figures appear on the runway.
Animated figures consist of a series of poses .
Animated figures tumble from the margins.
Animated files are acceptable.
Animated files can make a point or in some cases be annoying.
Animated films tend to be producer-driven.
Animated finale recreates an Amish barn-raising.
Animated fingers introduce keys.
Animated flowers growing to classical midi tracks get their own back on the groundsman.
Animated games explore plate tectonics, hurricanes, and meteorite impact.
Animated globes are the big craze on the web now.
Animated graphics are acceptable.
Animated graphics are allways in .gif format.
Animated graphics are free graphics.
Animated graphics are no problem for any web site.
Animated graphics are subject to review and special pricing.
Animated graphics are very popular on the web.
Animated graphics can be effective.
Animated graphics can be useful for grabbing someone's attention quickly.
Animated graphics do little to enhance the content and take time to load.
Animated graphics have a fascination of their own.
Animated graphics help to demonstrate their effect on nerve and brain cells.
Animated graphics illustrate and explain radius, diameter, circumference, and area.
Animated graphics instruct on perspective, lighting and composition.
Animated graphics make customers work to view product information.
Animated graphics reinforce the idea of substitution of measurements for variables in formulas.
Animated graphics scream for attention.
Animated graphics suck.
Animated graphics teach abstract concepts.
Animated graphics tend to annoy visitors.
Animated Greetings Look no further.
Animated hands show how new keys are reached.
Animated icons annoy many people, especially if there is more than one visible at a time.
Animated icons are a bit annoying.
Animated icons are another wonderful way to add some personality and interest.
Animated icons fly around the screen.
Animated idols are the way to go when trying to break into the comic world as an artist.
Animated illustrations make it especially fun.
Animated images are acceptable if they meet the size requirements.
Animated images are acceptable where appropriate.
Animated images are nice but many on a page detract from a professional appearance.
Animated images are on our Animate page.
Animated images can be fingers that keep pointing, flowers opening and closing, etc.
Animated images can often bring concepts to life better than words.
Animated images can take up quite a bit of bandwidth.
Animated images communicate proper use instantly.
Animated images display the new notes, which flip from front to back to show both sides.
Animated images exist to draw attention to themselves.
Animated images help explain cells of the immune system, bacteria, and parasites.
Animated images make the engine parts move and come to life.
Animated images show the movements of clouds and therefore of the associated systems.
Animated letters climb the tree in alphabetical order.
Animated letters fly together to form multi - colored sentences .
Animated literacy puts every letter and sound with a gross motor movement.
Animated loops reveal persistent and relatively colder cloud tops downwind from that feature.
Animated maps are regularly updated to show how each species is moving south.
Animated maps demonstrate changes in politics and resources.
Animated maps illustrate military strategy.
Animated maps offer exciting possibilities for tracking spatial change over time.
Animated maps show routes of pioneer explorers.
Animated maps show the birds flying along their actual migration paths.
Animated maps show, how some languages have been spread.
Animated markers represent state capitals and geographic landmarks such as rivers and mountains.
Animated mixes are more complex for that reason.
Animated model follows cursor.
Animated model has an attract mode.
Animated monsters fight it out.
Animated movies are eye-catching, easy to understand, and cool.
Animated objects are everywhere.
Animated objects are immune to critical hits because they are constructs.
Animated objects can fallow define spline motion paths.
Animated pastries fly and the catchphrase appears.
Animated people bring an unmatched sense of realism to our computer animations.
Animated photo takes a few minutes to load and run.
Animated photography portrays solar radiation, atmospheric circulation, and cyclone wave phenomena.
Animated pictures are here .
Animated pictures are the most fun.
Animated pictures can display their state in a visually sensible form.
Animated pictures go along with the stories to make learning fun.
Animated pictures show the verb action.
Animated postcards are Personalised greetings that combine motion and sound.
Animated postcards are personalized greetings that combine motion and sound.
Animated props add interest to the scenery.
Animated radars are present as are static aircraft on the perimeter.
Animated rewards motivate success.
Animated rollovers are easy to do.
Animated rollovers are more than just image swaps, it is like a mini flash player.
Animated runners progress across the screen.
Animated scene follows.
Animated scenes provide readers with the opportunity to test their understanding of the material.
Animated selections are available.
Animated sequence examines the dangers inherent in breaking with the system.
Animated sequences demonstrate how Africa emerged from the waters.
Animated sequences explain the causes.
Animated sequences show how tessellations are created.
Animated sequences show how the eye works, grows, and changes.
Animated sequences show progression over time.
Animated shorts have more ways of producing revenue than ever due to the video market.
Animated site includes virtual photo tour of retail store.
Animated sprites provide visual interest in many of the frames.
Animated stories contain colorful pictures and big buttons for little fingers.
Animated stories contain large text and big buttons for little fingers.
Animated stories tell the real history of some of the world's greatest Christian heroes.
Animated termites crawl across the firm s Web pages.
Animated text Animated text formatting is lost.
Animated tutorials explain concepts very clearly.
Animated videos come with reproducible workbooks.
Animated waves await a plunging diver.
Animation companies love art students.
Animation frames use an icons imagelist making it suitable for dynamically changing icons.
Animation abounds on the Web.
Animation adds excitement to any web page.
Animation allows film-makers to tell fantastical stories.
Animation already exists.
Animation also allows a handful of actors to fill dozens of roles.
Animation also helps find timing inconsistencies among witnesses.
Animation also increases the file size of a banner ad.
Animation also offers unlimited creative bounds.
Animation also seems to gain attention to the banner from the rest of the page.
Animation also takes advantage of the remarkable visual abilities of the human eye-brain system.
Animation are ok.
Animation are way too better than in the two previous games.
Animation attracts attention.
Animation begins as the page is opened.
Animation begins with sunspots at different latitudes lined up.
Animation can add just the right touch to get a web-surfers' attention.
Animation can add life to a page.
Animation can add to a page if it is used carefully.
Animation can also be very distracting.
Animation can also show multiple and specialized views.
Animation can be a powerful tool.
Animation can be as simple as a single moving image or as complex as a full animated presentaion.
Animation can be as simple as a single moving image or as complex as a full animated presentation.
Animation can be extremely annoying.
Animation can be fun, but also over done.
Animation can be good when used in moderation.
Animation can be huge in file size and take considerable time to transmit.
Animation can be massively expensive.
Animation can be output as animated GIFs or AVIs.
Animation can be quick, effective and tasteful with good design.
Animation can be relatively simple and subtle, or it can be extremely complicated and overwhelming.
Animation can be tough.
Animation can do the demonstration instead.
Animation can get chunky when a lot is going on.
Animation can help catch a user's eye.
Animation can help catch a viewer's eye.
Animation can increase response twenty-five per cent by catching viewers' attention.
Animation can nicely round out collections that involve golf, dogs, cats, hobbies, etc.
Animation can play the part of an expert.
Animation can push the boundaries for the rest of the industry.
Animation can put some life into a flat web page.
Animation can repeat indefinitely or a specific number of times.
Animation can run under or above the background picture.
Animation can show an example of how a trade or a service is performed.
Animation can signficantly aid the learning of a procedural task.
Animation catches people's attention.
Animation catches the user's eye first.
Animation catches the user's eye.
Animation causes screen readers to lock-up the computer.
Animation Changing the frames with respect to time is a definition of the traditional animation.
Animation combines the synergy of streamlining video and graphics.
Animation comes from the latin word 'animare' which means 'to give life to'.
Animation compliments the script.
Animation continues as long as the pointer stays over it.
Animation continues until is clicked.
Animation correctly sequences such events.
Animation demands a lot of resources from the X server.
Animation depicts motion by rapidly displaying a series of slightly altered images.
Animation describes the phenomena of ball lightning.
Animation does affect one's information seeking performance.
Animation dramatizes the building and portrays the lifestyle of the early inhabitants.
Animation draws the eye, and using ten per page just confuses a lot of people.
Animation engages students and enhances the learning process.
Animation enhances the effect of a simulation model.
Animation enjoys an immense variety of subject matter and audiences in Japan.
Animation executes a specification and gives the developer a means of testing a specification.
Animation explains how hail forms.
Animation explains origin and nature of hurricanes .
Animation flows, the character design is great, and fights are well choreographed.
Animation follows from model-based simulation.
Animation gives the director total freedom.
Animation has a lot of options.
Animation has very sharp image boundaries that give digital formats fits.
Animation holds a special place in cartography.
Animation illustrates dynamic characteristics of figures.
Animation illustrates effects.
Animation illustrates how macrophages usually engulf potentially harmful viruses and bacteria.
Animation illustrates procedure, but actual views through scope are included.
Animation illustrates the execution of actions over time and space.
Animation includes turntable and flythrough techniques with an introduction to keyframe procedures.
Animation introduces the site, which slows the connection.
Animation introduces the viewer to the basic structure and function of the human eye.
Animation involves adding only a variable to the equation and selecting animation on the menu.
Animation is a bit fast and rough, but it is still interesting.
Animation is a blessing in that regard.
Animation is a centerpiece of study.
Animation is a collaborative and often painstaking effort.
Animation is a compelling medium for the display of program behaviour.
Animation is a cornerstone of modern cartoons.
Animation is a curriculum of discipline and discovery.
Animation is a distraction that interferes with page perusal.
Animation is a great way to tell stories.
Animation is a high-tech alternative teaching tool for the visualized process flow class.
Animation is a labor-intensive process.
Animation is a magnet for the dyslexic.
Animation is a man-made process to make still images appear to have life by the action of motion.
Animation is a medium.
Animation is a multiple graphical view of a process in action.
Animation is a new frontier, a canvas yet unpainted, the future of great cinema.
Animation is a powerful device for explaining abstract concepts.
Animation is a powerful medium for emotions.
Animation is a prerequisite.
Animation is a real art form, and occasionally the work is brilliant.
Animation is a really broad area.
Animation is a sequence of bitmaps that replace one another.
Animation is a series of images show in consective order to create the illusion of movement.
Animation is a simulation of motion created by displaying a series of pictures, or frames.
Animation is a simulation of movements created by presenting a series of images, or frames.
Animation is a team sport.
Animation is a unique filmmaking process rooted in the fine art mediums of drawing and painting.
Animation is a very rewarding artform.
Animation is a visual distraction.
Animation is a wonderful thing, but yet very hard to do and very cost worthy.
Animation is above average for a television production, and backgrounds are extremely well done.
Animation is above average, especially in the fight scenes.
Animation is acceptable within file size limits.
Animation is acceptable.
Animation is accepted, but only the first three seconds after loading.
Animation is accepted.
Animation is achieved by means of a script file.
Animation is adequate for relatively slow moving objects.
Animation is alive and well, it seems.
Animation is all about timing.
Animation is also available fordynamic analyses.
Animation is also available.
Animation is also crucial.
Animation is also of a high quality, providing 'life-like' movement.
Animation is also possible as a form of demonstrative evidence.
Animation is also present on the computer screen.
Animation is also suitably poor.
Animation is an amazing medium that has yet to be fully understood and taken advantage of.
Animation is an extension of the artform of drawing.
Animation is an ideal way to illustrate processes that flow over time and space.
Animation is another key enhancement to the new system.
Animation is as smooth as silk, the game play is nearly seamless.
Animation is attractive, but often unnecessary for presenting steps of a process or algorithm.
Animation is available which shows the source as seen from any orientation.
Animation is available, but often difficult to represent complex behaviour.
Animation is available, too.
Animation is available.
Animation is basic and simple.
Animation is basic.
Animation is being.
Animation is by full motion video of poorly animated and lip synched puppets.
Animation is cheap if done very simply.
Animation is clearly more than meets the eye.
Animation is comparatively inexpensive and is very much a limitless tool for storytelling.
Animation is cut, copy is added, elements are altered to minimize ad size.
Animation is defined as the movement of created images in recorded time.
Animation is derived from the Latin word anima meaning life or soul.
Animation is different for each graph type.
Animation is discouraged but possible.
Animation is displayed at the upper right-hand corner.
Animation is done by specifying trajectories of actors.
Animation is done in a very similar manner to batch processing, described just previously.
Animation is easy nowadays because of technological advancements.
Animation is easy to add to a page.
Animation is either frame based or cast based.
Animation is encouraged.
Animation is equally impressive, as tires move up and down with realistic fluidity.
Animation is even possible.
Animation is even smaller in file size than an animated gif.
Animation is excellent for all of the unit types.
Animation is existence
Animation is faster or slower depending on the browser.
Animation is filming.
Animation is film-making in reverse.
Animation is fine, except for very garish flashing, etc.
Animation is fine.
Animation is fluid and colorful, and the toy characters are a fun group to be around.
Animation is fluid and smooth, and direction of scenes is solid.
Animation is fluid, and the textures are colourful and detailed.
Animation is fluid, smooth and there are no reused textures.
Animation is frame-based, with no timelines or object paths.
Animation is frozen.
Animation is generally clean and realistic, especially enemy death animations.
Animation is generally first rate as well.
Animation is good up to a point, but less is more.
Animation is great, but it needs to have one frame or still shot that can fill the design rules.
Animation is great.
Animation is hand-drawn by pencil.
Animation is hard.
Animation is image manipulation and it can be used on any object - from pins to people.
Animation is impressive, with runs, tackles, throws and barges captured in fine style.
Animation is in production all year long.
Animation is included with the examples.
Animation is inherently time-based.
Animation is integrated more and more into our daily lives.
Animation is key to the interaction capabilities of virtual environments.
Animation is known to be a chain of consequent frames.
Animation is labor intensive.
Animation is like hot sauce - a little goes a long way.
Animation is minimal, and aside from a gaudy introduction, there are no in-game video clips.
Animation is more memorable than reality.
Animation is more than creating natural motion, though.
Animation is movement and is equally effective with real of abstract concepts.
Animation is needed.
Animation is nonexistent.
Animation is now a part of the full-time curriculum.
Animation is now relatively easy to add to a Web page.
Animation is OK acceptable, but please keep it to minimum.
Animation is OK as long as it respects the size restriction.
Animation is ok, as long as other criteria are withheld.
Animation is ok, but please keep the file size small.
Animation is ok.
Animation is okay if appropriate.
Animation is okay, within the file size limit.
Animation is on the air now .
Animation is on the air now.
Animation is one of the few forms of programming that can truly appeal to all members of the family.
Animation is one of the key technologies for the visualization of time dependent data.
Animation is only appropraite on specific web sites.
Animation is optional.
Animation is particularly well suited to cyberspace.
Animation is perfect for a composer.
Animation is performed using simple menu commands.
Animation is permitted if within file size.
Animation is permitted.
Animation is pretty decent, and acting is well-done, exciting without being excessively frenetic.
Animation is pretty tedious, so it takes a special type of person to do it.
Animation is probably one of the most overused formats on the internet today.
Animation is produced from generative processes both of concepts and visual manifestations.
Animation is provided for daily therapeutic social events and activity programs.
Animation is quite good.
Animation is reasonably good, though it uses very few frames per object.
Animation is restricted to animated finger action prior to each lesson.
Animation is reused a lot, though.
Animation is said to be slick for even low level Pentium computers.
Animation is seen as a way to produce a sophisticated picture without the high costs.
Animation is sharp and clever.
Animation is silky smooth and the areas are nicely designed.
Animation is slow and painstaking.
Animation is slow when the screensaver uses full screen mode.
Animation is smooth and seamless.
Animation is smooth and the whole game is professionally presented.
Animation is sometimes a useful addition to a website.
Animation is sometimes jerky, too.
Animation is sound and moving drawings.
Animation is still animation.
Animation is supported for viewing time series sequences on the scalp surface.
Animation is supported.
Animation is supposed to add to the realism of a game.
Animation is swift and fluid, however the backgrounds are sparse and undetailed.
Animation is the art of brining something to life.
Animation is the best use of a computer.
Animation is the illusion of motion created by the consecutive display of images of static elements.
Animation is the living pictures.
Animation is the media art most affected by the digital revolution.
Animation is the name of the game.
Animation is the next level in web site design.
Animation is the next step.
Animation is the process whereby still pictures are turned into moving pictures.
Animation is the realm in which it's easiest to go overboard.
Animation is the road less traveled for the movies.
Animation is the study of motion and emotion.
Animation is the technique of creating the illusion of motion.
Animation is the way to go.
Animation is time consuming to develop, but can be worthwhile when introducing difficult concepts.
Animation is top-notch for a series, without choppyness or oversimplification.
Animation is turned off by default.
Animation is used fairly well, and the multidirectional scrolling is flawless.
Animation is used in cartoons, television, and film.
Animation is used sparingly, but tactfully.
Animation is used to add the tags.
Animation is used to clarify the pulping process and the kraft liquor recovery cycle.
Animation is used to demonstrate how the virus affects the immune system.
Animation is used to help explain both model behaviour and misbehaviour to users.
Animation is used to provide transitions between the many customized views that users can construct.
Animation is useful for checking the appropriateness of the design.
Animation is useful only for the sighted user.
Animation is very good.
Animation is very hard work, but it's extremely rewarding and a lot of fun.
Animation is very powerful indeed.
Animation is very smooth, and there are a variety of camera angles to watch the game from.
Animation is welcome.
Animation is what separates the fun from the dull on the Web.
Animation is where all the real action is.
Animation isa activity.
Animation Learn how to create amazing animations for the Web.
Animation Look at the work of several comic book illustrators and Canadian animators.
Animation looks good and framerate is smooth.
Animation makes it considerably harder for users to read or skim.
Animation makes it hard to read nearby content.
Animation means giving life.
Animation means the exploration of design behaviour under certain conditions.
Animation means turning still pictures into moving pictures.
Animation occurs primarily in the transitions, when problems enter and exit the screen.
Animation opens an image of a sun with stars in the background.
Animation opens that possibility, because it is freed from gravity and the chains of the possible.
Animation opens with a box of tissues near a window.
Animation opens with a page showing the old bar code.
Animation opens with house on dollar bill.
Animation opens with images of prescription medication bottles on a blue background.
Animation provides visual stimulation, actively engaging the eyes in the experience.
Animation puts such models into motion.
Animation ranges from good to absolutely pitiful.
Animation ranges from serviceable to downright laughable at times.
Animation ranges from simple movement, to the elaborate.
Animation requires a good understanding of continuous mathematics.
Animation requires a unique combination of individual artistic talent and technological expertise.
Animation reveals invisible concepts such as voltage, force, torque, current, and charge.
Animation reveals the food-making process of photosynthesis.
Animation seems kind of expensive to throw away on that kind of competition.
Animation seems to be the complete opposite of constancy.
Animation seems to hold up well in terms of quality both on the audio and video side.
Animation seems to work a lot better on the Internet than does streaming video.
Animation sequences to demonstrate mechanisms of injury.
Animation sews it up.
Animation shows basic principles of seismic exploration.
Animation shows charges.
Animation shows cilia structure and explains how the power stroke is produced.
Animation shows components.
Animation shows fragments created by the explosion impacting the outer shipping container.
Animation shows how other mollusc groups evolved from the ancestral body plan.
Animation shows motion.
Animation shows rising waters flood a low-lying river valley, creating a coastal plain estuary.
Animation shows that the vortex motion was to the west.
Animation shows the evolution of temporal databases.
Animation shows the hazards if handled improperly.
Animation shows the weather changes in a dynamic loop.
Animation shows vectors superimposed on a right hand.
Animation shows what causes the greenhouse effect on Venus.
Animation solves the problem neatly and cleanly.
Animation starts when the mouse button is released.
Animation stops when over bowled.
Animation takes a detailed look at the jet.
Animation takes a few seconds to download.
Animation takes time.
Animation transcends the merely real.
Animation triggers a reflex response from the eye.
Animation typically is recorded on some standard medium, either film or video.
Animation Used sensibly, animation can give added functionality and interest to a Web page.
Animation using the simulated data produces realistic behavior of the system under study.
Animation using the simulated data produces realistic dynamic behaviour of the system under study.
Animation works well in illustrating body or mechanical movement.
Animations abound everywhere and they all bring a realism to the game.
Animations add an addition data dimension by sequencing plots.
Animations add interest to the program.
Animations appear washed out and are often simplistic or cartoonish.
Animations are a bit off.
Animations are a little weak also in that both timing and looping are shaky.
Animations are a prime example.
Animations are acceptable as long as they remain under the file size limit.
Animations are acceptable.
Animations are also available.
Animations are also the same, but just as fun to watch.
Animations are also very well done.
Animations are amusing.
Animations are an emerging art form now showing up on the advanced pages.
Animations are available depicting Coral monitors and Port and Protocol Analysis .
Animations are available with sound and without sound .
Animations are 'bundled' into memory as they are digested by the exporter.
Animations are certainly popular, but pages peppered with motion are nearly impossible to read.
Animations are colorful and interesting, but slow the pace of play agonizingly.
Animations are cool, but large.
Animations are crude at best.
Animations are equally good.
Animations are everyone's favorite.
Animations are everywhere in the game.
Animations are excellent for showing transitions.
Animations are fine as long as they comply with the size restrictions.
Animations are fluid and nicely detailed.
Animations are fluid and the detail put into cities and skate parks is exceptional.
Animations are fluid and the game has low sys specs.
Animations are fun, but they're a bad idea if they're just a frill.
Animations are generally good, although small.
Animations are great for attracting attention and providing additional information.
Animations are great.
Animations are highly effective in settlement of negotiations and arbitrations.
Animations are images that appear to move.
Animations are internal to each individual slide.
Animations are key.
Animations are limited to eight keyframes.
Animations are mental adhesive.
Animations are mostly good for making things easier.
Animations are mostly very good, and the soldiers move, shoot and die in a believable way.
Animations are nice and fluid.
Animations are no longer new, but commonplace.
Animations are numerous.
Animations are ok.
Animations are okay.
Animations are one form of forensic reconstruction.
Animations are one of the most effective forms of demonstrative evidence available to lawyers.
Animations are pictures that move.
Animations are relatively straightforward to create.
Animations are seamless, and the scenery passes by with a fluid-like grace.
Animations are similarly crude.
Animations are smooth and amusing.
Animations are smooth and realistic.
Animations are usually without any relevance, take time to download and divert visitors' attention.
Animations are varied and smooth.
Animations are VERY powerful tools.
Animations are very welcome.
Animations are welcome and encouraged.
Animations are wicked cute, but take longer to load.
Animations Ask or post any information about animations here.
Animations assist the reader to better understand the structure of complex graphs in four-space.
Animations can also show the scene from above, just like a scale diagram.
Animations can be a pocket which can be easily sewn to a shirt.
Animations can be as simple as the blue ball below or can be sophisticated visual presentations.
Animations can be continuous loop.
Animations can be much more complicated.
Animations can be very eye catching.
Animations can be with text, graphics or imported images such as photos.
Animations can bring life to complex procedural topics.
Animations can include spotlights, confetti and marching ants.
Animations can make a site a lot more interesting.
Animations can occur smoothly over bezier curves including acceleration over deceleration.
Animations can render slowly.
Animations can repeat continuously, or play in alphabetical order or random order.
Animations can repeatedly loop.
Animations can save even more words than a picture saves.
Animations can slow the game.
Animations can stand alone or be superimposed over the live video shots.
Animations concentrate on cellular and molecular processes.
Animations consist of moving, attacking, or dying.
Animations cover the entire days events.
Animations cover topics which are often the basis of common classroom physics demonstrations.
Animations create effects on a given slide.
Animations deliver understanding into global climate trends and changes.
Animations demonstrate changes in bile flow in presence of strictures, stones, tumors.
Animations demonstrate in inner workings of technical marvels.
Animations demonstrate results from numerical models being used to investigate effects of venting.
Animations detail the actions of the heart, arteries, and veins.
Animations do grab attention and can really make a site a great experience.
Animations elevate viewer recognition and enhance the total look of video.
Animations explain how the kidneys act to filter fluids in the body.
Animations feature cartoon morphing and bouncing.
Animations greatly increase file size.
Animations have a narrative character.
Animations have their own set of problems.
Animations help show how parts of the body work, such as the circulatory system.
Animations help to visualize the operations of complex plant processes.
Animations highlight each section of the site.
Animations illustrate climate patterns, urban growth and more.
Animations illustrate climate patterns, urban growth, and more.
Animations illustrate growth and production of some symptoms.
Animations illustrate how hydrogen and oxygen atoms bond together to form a polar molecule.
Animations illustrate how the layers of skin heal after an injury.
Animations illustrate short sentences constructed from words starting with the matching letter.
Animations interpolate in pan and zoom to bring the view to the specified location.
Animations Make small animations of the movement of the planets.
Animations make training fun and make difficult concepts easy to remember.
Animations makes the user or the intended customer feel comfortable while browsing the web page.
Animations mercredi et samedi.
Animations move naturally as characters talk and understand.
Animations provide background on how to identify the particles.
Animations really demonstrate experimental process.
Animations relate surface area to the sail on a sail boat.
Animations repeat and are uninterruptible.
Animations require Chime plug-in.
Animations reveal animal locomotion.
Animations run smooth, and the graphics on the cards are just as great.
Animations See the polyhedra spin about a symmetry axis for better visualization.
Animations shed yet another light on coupling between electronic and nuclear dynamics.
Animations show eclipses, meteor showers and cycles of night and day on Earth.
Animations show how drugs are transported across membranes.
Animations show how particle beams are accelerated, turned, and focused.
Animations show how the preparations for the closing and the closing itself pass hour by hour.
Animations show how to use a protractor to measure and to construct angles.
Animations show the effect of a drug on different metabolic indicators as the dosage increases.
Animations show the next finger movement on the keyboard.
Animations show the process of meiosis in a dynamic way.
Animations show the process of mitosis in a dynamic way.
Animations show the transcription process in a dynamic way.
Animations show the translation process in a dynamic way.
Animations show the various fault types.
Animations slow down page display and can cause user irritation.
Animations tend to be large files.
Animations work best when there is a clear concept of sound from the beginning of the project.
Animations often jump from one disjointed frame to another.
Animations usually neutralize or prevent confusing cross examinations.
All animation is automatic with full zoom and pan.
All animation is done after the voice recordings.
All animation is done by erasing the old object and drawing the new one.
All animation is puppet plays.
All animations appearing here are the sole property of their authors .
All animations are half of the actual size.
All animations are in avi format due to size.
All animations are of the performer's view.
All animations are pseudo-colored with the velocity magnitude.
All animations come in a white, black and transparent background.
All animations come with a choice of black, white, or transparent backgrounds.
All animations represent one minute of actual deployment time as one second of animation time.
All animations shown are suitable for use on light backgrounds.
All animations shown here represent only a very small time range of the whole simulation.
All animations work properly.
More animation means a higher dressage score.
More animations are available from the authors upon request.
More animations are currently in the works, and there are lots more to be seen on the web.
Most animation illustrates effects.
Most animation is a complex combination of reasonably fundamental artistic skills.
Most animation is accomplished by changing the transformations that effect an object.
Most animation is made the same way, whether it is cel animation or stop motion.
Most animation shows components.
Most animation shows motion.
Most animations are available with a white, black and transparent background color.
Most animations are played at a speed of twenty-four to sixty images every second .
Most animations are played at a speed of twenty-four to sixty images every second.
Most animations are slow to load, uninformative, and soon annoying.
Most animations are smooth, with few mechanical characteristics.
Most animations come in several sizes and with a white, black and transparent background color.
Most animations consist of about five images.
Some animation can be almost as life like as real life TV or Video.
Some animation explains energy.
Some animation explains kinetic energy.
Some animation has applications.
Some animation illustrates components.
Some animation illustrates theories.
Some animation includes descriptions.
Some animation is good for catching the eye, but too much can be irritating.
Some animation is good.
Some animation provides demonstrations.
Some animation reveals movement.
Some animation shows arctic sea ice.
Some animation shows behavior.
Some animation shows current.
Some animation shows destruction.
Some animation shows diffusion.
Some animation shows elliptical orbits.
Some animation shows fields.
Some animation shows forces.
Some animation shows ice.
Some animation shows initial separation.
Some animation shows magnetic fields.
Some animation shows maturation.
Some animation shows orbits.
Some animation shows separation.
Some animations are a snap.
Some animations are available for free use by others.
Some animations are just obnoxious.
Some animations are just plain fun, and others are useful.
Some animations are very good.
Some animations display more complex ideas.
Some animations go too fast and make it difficult to read the message.
Some animations occur only once.
Some animations show how the solution is affected by changing the angle of attack of the wing.
Some animations show how the solution is affected by changing the circulation around the cylinder.
Some animations show the entire model domain others show particular tracers over smaller regions.
An animator is a worker
Animator allows such functions to be rendered with a changing time dependent variable.
Animator can perform through interference analyses for multiple moving objects.
Animator is a small animation making tool.
Animator is the heart and soul of our development cycle.
Animator makes it easy to start pedaling toward fun and adventure.
Animator makes it easy to synchronize the multiple scenarios.
Animator provides tools to easily manage and edit animation events.
Animator takes a list of visitors on the command-line.
Animators are a unique breed.
Animators are elements that update rendering primitive characteristics.
Animators are scared now.
Animators are technicians.
Animators bring to life cartoons and three-dimensional imagery.
Animators can have ongoing employment and training.
Animators can now utilize multiple armatures without a costly and time-consuming production period.
Animators can work in many areas including movies, television, video games, and the internet.
Animators create visuals that entertain, inspire and simulate new dimensions.
Animators cultivate inexact renditions as they trace an original drawing.
Animators draw a series of pictures that are put onto film to make animated cartoons.
Animators draw or move models or puppets which are then photographed in sequence to produce a film.
Animators generally rely on two approaches to create the illusion of life.
Animators make the characters move.
Animators make up a fairly small population of the people that create an animated film.
Animators paint jungles very well, and The Road to El Dorado certainly has plenty of that.
Animators spend significant time at high cost to do animation today.
Animators take for granted the ability to interactively press complex objects together.
Animators then sketch each frame of the storyboard onto white paper.
Animators try to be as realistic as possible.
Animators typically place a key shape on one out of every five or six video frames.
Animators use exaggeration to sell the action or the movement of a character.
Animators use lasers to scan real people or things into digital form in their computers.
Animators use the same information that attorneys and other experts do.
Animators work in the motion picture and television industries.
Animators usually work with other people to form a team.
Many animators repaint the entire frame over and over, even if very little changes.
Most animators animate with rhythm.
Most animators try to get away with as few polygons as possible.
Some animators are late starters but then work late into the evening.
Some animators cover their walls with visual references.
Some animators refuse to work with computers.
Animatronic ants work busily inside their nest.
Most anime characters look like that.
Anime clubs can still ask for our works if the work have been licensed.
Anime conventions are unique.
Many anime conventions promote masquerades, or costume contests for cosplayers to perform on stage.
Anime fans are angry, angry and bitter.
Anime fans get a raw deal from retailers.
Anime fans have a golden opportunity.
Anime fantasy becomes their whole world.
Anime films can certainly be humorous.
Anime girls grow fangs when they're mad.
All anime series are copyrights of their respective owners.
Any anime series are acceptable.
Anime shows are their favoriate prime-time TV shows in the evening.
Many anime shows operate on multiple levels.
Most anime shows have large followings and merchandizing up the wazoo.
Anime subjects vary widely from soap opera drama, to medieval adventures, to science fiction.
An anime is natural resin
Anime are japanese cartoons.
Anime bunnies indeed.
Anime does offer an advantage, however.
Anime encompasses a universe of stories.
Anime links up the wazoo.
Anime sounds like enema which is a pleasant surprise.
Anime tends to be more popular with men than with women.
Animes are animation.
Animes are cartoons.
Animes are names.
Animes are used for entertainment.
Animes are videos.
Animes based on fighting games have the reputation to suck.
All anime is shown on a HUGE projection screen.
Most anime is oriented for teenagers, college students and open-minded adults.
Most anime is targetted at kids, ranging from young to old.
Most anime is witty.
Much anime starts out as manga , or Japanese comics.
Some anime can be great, but some of it truly sucks.
Some anime is drawn by hand, but anime can also be made with computers.
Some anime plumbs the depths of the human condition and tells deep stories that touch the soul.
Some anime skins.
Animism also ascribes magical powers to animals, heavenly bodies, or other created objects.
Animism ascribes to all things of the universe the faculty of action, similar to that of man.
Animism is a doctrine
Animism is a world view based upon a belief that spirits are indwelling in nature.
Animism is also prevalent in Cambodia.
Animism is common particularly among the mountain tribes.
Animism is common within deinonych tribes.
Animism is considered to be the earliest form of spiritual expression.
Animism is considered unsophisticated.
Animism is defined as the belief in spirits.
Animism is doctrines.
Animism is one way to reintegrate the human species into the community of all species.
Animism is simultaneously pantheistic , polytheistic , and deistic .
Animism is the belief that life is produced by a spiritual force apart from matter.
Animism is the belief that plants, inanimate objects and natural phenomena have living souls.
Animism is the belief that there are spirits which influence human life.
Animism is the foundation of objectum-sexuality.
Animism is the pattern of belief that all objects in the universe have spirits.
Animism is the personification of natural forces as gods .
Animism is the personification of natural forces as gods.
Animism sacralizes that which it animates.
An animist is a follower
Animists also practice throughout the country, but are most active in rural areas.
Animists are disciples.
Animists are rare in Ethiopia today.
Animists are unique characters in that they, of all guilds, shun violence utterly.
Animists believe spirits are everywhere and in everything.
Animists believe that conscious spirits with powers over humans exist throughout their surroundings.
Animists worship spirits in the natural world.
Some animists do acknowledge a creator-god, usually seen as a deity of the sky or the sun.
Animistic people know spirit from observation.
Animistic rites require music.
Animmal wind chimes.
An animosity is hatred
Animosities are hostilities.
Animosity brings with itself venegeance.
Animosity can build and prevent any meaningful exchanges of information.
Animosity can develop for various reasons.
Animosity dates back to the colonial era, and despite some progress in some places, continues today.
Animosity is a thriller about a man caught in a web of love, deception and death.
Animosity is evident among the defendants in the case, as well.
Animosity is for losers.
Animosity Is no amity.
More animosity is generated than necessary by such discussions that go nowhere.
All animuses possess immense strength, and can spread fear by their touch.
Anion exchange has higher capacity than reversed phase.
Anion exchange increases a water corrosiveness by removing alkalinity.
Anion exchange is similar to conventional water softening.
Anion exchange operates similarly to ion exchange water softening.
Anion gap is elevated.
Anion gap is higher than normal.
An anion is an ion
Anion also is located on a twofold axis.
Anion has a dedicated wing for quality assurance.
Anion has a strong customer base in USA and is further improving it.
Anion helps publishers partner with other publishers to maximize revenue and minimize cost.
Anion is a negatively charged ion.
Anion is a professional organization with a strong base in technology.
Anions are hydrogen atoms, which carry extra electrons.
Anions are ions.
Anions are larger than cations.
Anions are more attracted to the root surface than cations.
Anions are negative electrons form by the gain of electrons.
Anions are negatively charged electrolytes, and cations are positively charged.
Anions are one of the two types of ions.
Anions are opposed to cations, which carry a positive charge.
Anions have a negative charge.
Anions have negative valence.
Anions migrate to the anode.
Anions migrate towards the anode, and cations migrate towards the cathode.
Anions move from cathode to anode.
Anions vary in ability to enter into complexes.
An anionic compound is a compound
Anionic compounds compete with one another for secretion.
Anionic diets seem to promote higher blood calcium levels at calving.
Anionic histamine impedes higher brain functions.
Anionic polymerization operates on principles similar to cationic polymerization.
Anionic salts counteract the effects of K by decreasing blood pH, making it more acidic.
Anionic surfactants are most effective when used with contact pesticides.
Anionic surfactants are the most widely used detergents in the cosmetology profession.
Anionic surfactants have a negative charge.
An anionic is detergent
Anionics offer a quality cleaning agent at a reasonable price.
Anise extract is used to flavor the Greek liquor ouzo.
Anise fruit is known as aniseed.
An anise hyssop is a herb
Anise hyssop is native to much of north-central and northern North America .
Anise hyssop is native to much of north-central and northern North America.
Anise oil helps relieve cramping and spasms and is good as a stomach tonic.
Anise oil is used to get rid of lice and scabies.
An anise plant is a herb
Anise plant grows in sunshine and warmth.
An anise seed is a seasoning
Anise seed is the preservative used to ward off worms and other insects.
Anise seed is used in Southeast Asia.
Anise seeds can potentially help provide relief from a sour stomach.
Anise seeds have a delicate, sweet licorice flavor similar to fennel .
Anise tea is great for digestion, sore throat and cough.
An anise is a herb
Anise covers up the human scent that scares the fish away.
Anise Does well in sun or shady areas.
Anise enjoys considerable reputation as a beauty aid, breath sweetener and digestive soother .
Anise enjoys considerable reputation as a medicine in coughs and pectoral affections.
Anise grows in southern Russia, Turkey, India and many parts of Europe.
Anises are herbs.
Anises are part of anises.
Anises are plants.
Anises are spices.
An aniseed is a seasoning
Aniseed has estrogenic activity and can be used to help normalize estrus in mares.
Aniseed has expectorant properties and is recommended for horses with chronic coughs.
Aniseed induces copious perspiration and increases the volume and discharge of urine.
Aniseed is a very beneficial medicine for expelling wind from the stomach.
Anishinabe people live life in a very sacred manner.
Anisotropic analysis is irrelevant for single-dimension data such as a transect or a time series.
Anisotropic interconnection gives evidence of practical use in the high power module technique.
All anisotropic minerals exhibit the phenomenon of double refraction.
Anisotropic partition is best for anisotropic problems.
Anisotropic position scaling allows the box dimensions to change independently and is preferable.
An anjou is a pear
Anjou features unique dinner specials several times a week.
Anjou is a region of slate quarries.
Anjou pears into early production.
Anjous are pears.
Ankle boots have sides.
Ankle boots look slightly awkward with skirts, and tend to shorten the leg.
Most ankle boots have sides.
An ankle brace is a brace
Ankle braces prevent ankle sprains.
Ankle braces seem to protect the ankle by holding it in an anatomic position.
Ankle cuffs fiinish the look perfectly.
Ankle edema is one of the earliest signs of a condition known as chronic venous insufficiency.
Ankle fractures can happen after falls, car accidents or twisting of the ankle.
Ankle fractures occur when the malleoli are broken.
Ankle injuries are all too common and can lead to permanent disabilility.
Ankle injuries are common.
Ankle injuries are inevitable in any athletic arena.
Ankle injuries are very common.
Ankle injuries are very difficult to be able to predict.
Most ankle injuries are secondary to inversion injuries.
An ankle joint is a diarthrosis
Ankle joint has three degrees of freedom.
Ankle sprain is probably the most common acute musculoskeletal injury seen in primary care practice.
Ankle sprains are a common musculoskeletal disorder.
Ankle sprains are a common occurrence, with the majority involving the lateral ligament complex.
Ankle sprains are among the most common injuries in sports.
Ankle sprains are common and often are treated inadequately.
Ankle sprains are common sports injuries.
Ankle sprains are common, foot sprains less so.
Ankle sprains are extremely common.
Ankle sprains are less common due to the skate's protective nature.
Ankle sprains are less likely because the foot is directly on the ground, with less chance to twist.
Ankle sprains are one of the most common and debilitating injuries for an athlete.
Ankle sprains are one of the most common sprains occurring to the dancer.
Ankle sprains are one of the most neglected musculoskeletal injuries.
Ankle sprains are the biggest risk factor for future ankle sprains.
Ankle sprains are the most common of all athletic injuries.
Ankle sprains are the most common sports injury, and one of the most neglected.
Ankle sprains are the most common sports injury.
Ankle sprains are the most common type of sports injury.
Ankle sprains are very common injuries that result from twisting or rolling the ankle excessively.
Ankle sprains can occur from quick starts and stops .
Most ankle sprains are temporarily painful but, over time, heal without incident.
Most ankle sprains are undertreated, and people tend to have problems down the road.
Ankle weights are optional for leg exercises.
An ankle is a diarthrosis
Ankle can move and bear weight.
Ankle isa joint.
Ankle sprains .
Ankle sprains and fractures.
Ankle sprains in theatrical dancers.
Ankle sprains occasionally.
Ankle sprains often mean torn or severely overstretched ligaments.
Ankle sprains present as either an excessive inversion or eversion sprain.
Ankle sprains Sprained ankles are one of the most common injuries among athletes.
Ankle sprains, fractures and chronic pain.
Ankle sprains, muscle strains, and shin contusions are soccer s three most common injuries.
Ankle supporting compression keeps shinguard in place.
Ankles are bones.
Ankles are hurtin'.
Ankles are joints.
Ankles are part of legs.
Ankles are the second most frequently injured body part in football.
Ankles are tough to tell.
Ankles are usually the first area affected.
Ankles are well-protected because the boots are a heavy, thick plastic and rise above the ankle.
Ankles have (part) bone cells.
Ankles have (part) corpi.
Ankles have (part) ground substances.
Ankles have (part) hip sockets.
Ankles have (part) lobes.
Ankles have (part) marrow.
Ankles have (part) mast cells.
Ankles present the same problem if they are crooked.
Ankles remain soft and relaxed while pedaling.
Ankles roll out - Strong shoes with wedges or flares reduces pain in the lower legs and ankles.
Ankles frequently swell for a few days after they are treated.
Most ankle sprains heal completely within a few weeks.
Most ankle sprains heal in three to eight weeks.
Some ankle sprains require medical attention, too.
Some ankles are part of bodies.
Some ankles are part of legs.
Some ankles have dark spots.
Some ankles have spots.
An anklet is a bangle
Anklets come in lovely gift box.
An anna is an unit
Anna answers individual questions by email.
Anna designs with flowery handkerchiefs and ribbons.
Anna leaves shortly afterwards.
Anna observes after a day of counting buttons and teeth, sharing jokes and stories.
Anna sighs with exasperation.
Anna takes center stage.
Annas are nuts.
Annals of mathematics ser.
Annals are good for mental review of history.
Annals are lists of events, names, and dates.
Annapolis parking is tight.
Annaw soils are calcareous throughout.
Annaw soils are on alluvial fans, alluvial fan piedmonts, and fan skirts.
Annaw soils are on alluvial fans, fan piedmonts and fan skirts.
Anne cloth comes in about five different colors.
Annealed lead is a hardened type of lead.
Annealed rhenium is very ductile, and can be bent, coiled, or rolled.
Annecdotal information reports essiac is beneficial for decreasing the side effects of chemotherapy.
Annecdotal information reports essiac is beneficial for decreasing the side effects of radiation.
An annelid worm is a worm
Annelid worms are excellent examples of a hydrostatic skeleton in the form of a coelom in action.
Annelid worms feed on nutrients.
Annelid worms feed on soil nutrients.
Annelid worms have a nervous system.
Most annelid worms feed on nutrients.
Most annelid worms feed on soil nutrients.
Some annelid worms live at bottoms.
Some annelid worms serve as hosts.
An annelid is a worm
Annelids acquire food in ways specific to their diets which vary widely.
Annelids also exchange gases by diffusion.
Annelids are coelomate animals meaning they have a true coelom within their body.
Annelids are found throughout the world, from deep ocean bottoms to high mountain glaciers.
Annelids are hermaphroditic but cross-fertilize during sexual reproduction.
Annelids are made of one or more body segments.
Annelids are segmented both externally and internally.
Annelids are the most efficient animals of worm body plan.
Annelids are the simplest group of true coelomates.
Annelids are worms.
Annelids have a body that is made up of repeating segments.
Annelids have a closed circulatory system.
Annelids have a complete digestive tract and circulatory system.
Annelids have a cylindrical body with distinct segements.
Annelids have a more complex system for excretion.
Annelids have a mucus covering, segmented bodies, sometimes bristles and openings.
Annelids have a true coelom.
Annelids have an open circulatory system.
Annelids have bodies composed of a series of fused rings.
Annelids have bodies that are segmented.
Annelids have both longitudinal and circular muscles, so better control over their movement.
Annelids have no jointed legs and arthropods do.
Annelids have no lungs, although many species have simple gills.
Annelids have some of the fastest reflexes in the animal kingdom.
Annelids have two sets of muscles that are used to contract and elongate the body.
Annelids have very well-developed internal organs.
Annelids live in the sea, most freshwater habitats, and damp soil.
Annelids reproduce sexually by hermaphroditic cross-fertilization.
Annelids thus meet the chain requirement by creating a hierarchy of organs.
Many annelids are capable of regeneration.
Most annelids possess short external bristles called setae, or chaetae, composed of chitin.
Some annelids are protandric hermaphrodites, in which the sexual stages alternate.
Some annelids live in the ocean.
Annette island is located on what is known as the Inside Passage.
An annex is addition
Annexes allow the distribution of certain information to key players in the task force.
Annexes includes a timeline, texts, and a bibliography.
Annexes provide information on contracting nation states and sample forms.
Annexes read and agreed to.
Annexs are addition.
Annexs are buildings.
Annexs are part of buildings.
An annexation is an incorporation
Annexation allows the town to control that growth.
Annexation generates taxes to fund the increased demand for city services.
Annexation goes without saying.
Annexation has to do with orderly growth.
Annexation is a discretionary act.
Annexation is a serious matter.
Annexation is a tool which Indiana cities and towns can use to expand their boundaries.
Annexation is almost certain to be an issue facing the next council and mayor.
Annexation is an impossible sale to make.
Annexation is an issue that causes the ears of city and township residents alike to perk up.
Annexation is another issue in the community.
Annexation is another potential menace.
Annexation is celebrated by some, scorned by others.
Annexation is governed by the Revenue and Taxation Code.
Annexation is just one piece of the land development puzzle, however.
Annexation is necessary for the City of Evansville to grow and develop.
Annexation is needed for town services including water, sewer and police protection.
Annexation is often contentious and can lead to bad feelings between local governments.
Annexation is that despicable tool used by cities to forcibly expand their borders.
Annexation is the distinguishing factor.
Annexation is The process that transfers territory from towns to cities and villages.
Annexation is the step which follows occupation.
Annexation means keeping an alien people by force within the bounds of a given state.
Annexation reduces a township government's tax base and inhibits revenue growth.
Annexation remains a major priority of city officials, too.
Annexation requires that all parcels be contiguous to the city.
Annexation solves the whole problem.
Annexations allow cities and villages to grow and require towns to decrease in size.
Annexations are acquisitions.
Annexations are different than the standard development regulations.
Annexations are incorporations.
Annexations create the same worry.
Annexations do have their price tags.
Annexations drain much needed tax dollars to the fringes of the city.
Annexations occur for a number of reasons.
Most annexations work against our neighborhoods.
An annexe is addition
Annexe is only the noun form.
Annexes contain a list of contributions and pledges plus a list of decisions adopted at the meeting.
Annexes contain detailed regulations and are updated regularly.
Annexes describe specific proposed activities of the national conservation strategy.
Annexes EMBO school program.
Annexes provide economic development data and social indicators.
All annexes are in word format.
Annexed properties can be spot or satellite, as well as contiguous.
Annexed residents are subject to city and county taxes.
Annihilation radiation is a form of photon radiation associated with a class of radioactive decays.
Annihilation avoids punishment, rather than encountering it.
Annihilation is a situation where one group attempts to wipe out the other group.
Annihilation is actually a merger of two mods.
Annihilation is an ugly movie.
Annihilation is destruction
Annihilation is destruction.
Annihilation is incompatible with a judgment.
Annihilation is now released and available for download, so go get it now.
Annihilation is the idea that death is final, without eternal suffering.
Annihilation is the process in which a particle and a related antiparticle disappear.
Annihilation picks up where the first film left off.
Annihilation seems certain.
An annihilator is a bad person
Annihilator adds a right-click menu item to the recycle bin.
Annihilator has a small history of revolving lead singers.
Annihilator remains one of the better classic thrash bands around.
Annihilators are destroyers.
Anniversary gifts become more expensive with the passing years.
Anniversary gifts can be hard to find.
Anniversary Gifts have associations with leather, crystal, silver, china, or ivory.
Anniversary membership starts when dues are paid and last twelve months.
Anniversary presents Help renew the love and passion they felt when they got married.
An anniversary is a day
Anniversaries are a time to take satisfaction in past accomplishments and to plan for the future.
Anniversaries are also occasions to look forward.
Anniversaries are also times to look forward, set goals and dream of the future.
Anniversaries are big deals in relationships.
Anniversaries are days.
Anniversaries are familiar happenings to most men in most societies.
Anniversaries are for celebrating memories.
Anniversaries are holidays.
Anniversaries are important and wonderful.
Anniversaries are important.
Anniversaries are landmarks in the history of institutions.
Anniversaries are milestones in the life of whole peoples as well as individuals.
Anniversaries are never a good time for calculating the costs and benefits of any relationship.
Anniversaries are occasions for looking back but also for looking to the future.
Anniversaries are often a time of reflection.
Anniversaries are often pretty difficult.
Anniversaries are often valedictions.
Anniversaries are particularly difficult, especially wedding anniversaries.
Anniversaries are so much fun, a pity they only come once a year.
Anniversaries are special because the people involved are special.
Anniversaries are the worst.
Anniversaries are time for both celebration and reflection.
Anniversaries are valuable, because they signify more than just the passing of time.
Anniversaries can be tough because they are reminders.
Anniversaries Click on the document icon to view each document.
Anniversaries do that to people.
Anniversaries Enter wedding dates to keep track of anniversaries.
Anniversaries here can be just as enjoyable.
Anniversaries lend themselves to stock-taking.
Anniversaries mean flowers in the stateroom and balloons on the door on embarkation day.
Anniversaries merely punctuate their excitement.
Anniversaries offer special opportunity for informative historical exhibits.
Anniversaries present the perfect time to reflect on the past and look forward to the future.
Anniversaries provide a useful opportunity to put relationships into some perspective.
Anniversary announcements Anniversary announcements from across Middle Georgia.
Anniversary conjures up joyful images, which seem inappropriate.
Anniversary isa period.
Anniversary See policy anniversary .
Anniversary Try the challenge.
Anniversaries always spawn memories of times both good and bad.
Anniversaries always turn out to be real family celebrations.
Every anniversary is special.
Annointed music is an important part of our worship.
Annonymous access is enabled by default.
Annotated bibliographies are among the most valuable.
Annotated bibliographies are available for each domain.
Annotated bibliographies are clear, concise summaries of authors' material.
Annotated bibliographies are different.
Annotated bibliographies are due the week before the last class.
Annotated bibliographies are due.
Annotated bibliographies end each article.
Annotated bibliographies provide a quick reference to quality books.
Annotated bibliography describes articles, case law, statutes, and other resources.
Annotated bibliography includes online databases.
Annotated bibliography is available.
Annotated bibliography is due.
Annotated bibliography uses varied resources which are concisely and specifically described.
Annotated bibs are a snap.
Annotated books comprises ca.
Annotated codes add headnotes from cases that interpret individual code provisions.
Most annotated codes are statutory.
Annotated copies are then consolidated and forwarded for further supervisory review.
Annotated entries link to free electronic journals.
Annotated examples are available from our web site.
Annotated guide offers links and reference information to calculus sites.
Many annotated illustrations accompany straightforward text.
Annotated links are at bottom.
Annotated links are here .
Annotated links help parents locate information and support services.
Annotated links help users to locate the most appropriate information.
Annotated lists are clickable to link to a review of the title.
Annotated metadata are the information extracted from video data.
Annotated photos remain.
Annotated photographs are the best way to let users know which valve does what.
All annotated pieces are suitable for framing.
Annotated points using any symbol or colour can be overlain on the basic plot.
Annotated results give medium, size, file type, description, and links to image site.
Annotated sections furnish a topical listing of basic works.
Annotated solutions push students to reflect on their choices and help to hone writing skills.
Annotated texts are also available in many places.
Annotated transcripts accompany the letters.
Annotated version explains the context and background of different parts of the document.
An annotation is a comment
Annotation also indicates the lot dimensions.
Annotation doubles as a good textbook reading and test preparation strategy.
Annotation features add notes and highlights.
Annotation gives strengths and weaknesses of source and compares it to other sources used.
Annotation goes directly under the call number in paragraph form.
Annotation goes directly under the title in paragraph form.
Annotation includes bookmarks, landmarks, manual linking and commenting.
Annotation includes interviews and song lyrics.
Annotation includes places, waterbody na and identifies cemeteries, etc.
Annotation includes stamps, lines, circles, highlights, and sticky notes.
Annotation involves placing an amending statement on the record.
Annotation is a key way in which hypertexts grow and increase in value.
Annotation is absolutely remarkable - very well done.
Annotation is added to identify important features.
Annotation is added to indicate geologic units.
Annotation is especially useful when doing instrumentation.
Annotation is generally minimal.
Annotation is ideal for several purposes.
Annotation is lengthy but very helpful, particularly in quoting other primary source material.
Annotation is minimal.
Annotation is ongoing, and comments to the authors are appreciated.
Annotation is the process of commenting on or explaining an existing text.
Annotation is underway.
Annotation is useful for identifying and highlighting areas of interest or tactical importance.
Annotation is written for each title.
Annotation notes when a beach is unguarded.
Annotation reports for each sequence are now available.
Annotation takes place at a series of different levels.
Annotation uses still other views which include an expanded set of data items.
Annotation Using graphs and scales to chart data is a common practice in presentations of all kinds.
Annotations allow group discussions, question and answer databases, and private notes.
Annotations also are an appropriate way to model different versioning concepts.
Annotations appear as comments to a Fortran or C compiler.
Annotations appear inside the tour module.
Annotations appear on web pages where trusted voices have insights to offer.
Annotations are a plus.
Annotations are accessible by indexes as parameterized below.
Annotations are an excellent way of researching the interplay between statutes and cases.
Annotations are another important information tailoring facility.
Annotations are available for select testing resources.
Annotations are both descriptive and critical.
Annotations are both descriptive and evaluative, and there are references to reviews.
Annotations are brief and descriptive.
Annotations are brief and generally descriptive.
Annotations are brief and informative.
Annotations are brief and useful.
Annotations are brief descriptions of cited material.
Annotations are brief, but the subjects include the sciences, arts, social studies.
Annotations are brief, generally no more than a few sentences or so.
Annotations are by medical librarians and oncology nurses.
Annotations are by the compiler or author.
Annotations are comments.
Annotations are cool, indeed.
Annotations are deep and useful.
Annotations are descriptive and often evaluative.
Annotations are descriptive rather than critical.
Annotations are documents.
Annotations are either in english or in french.
Annotations are especially helpful.
Annotations are expansion.
Annotations are extensive and descriptive.
Annotations are extensive and enthusiastic.
Annotations are extensive.
Annotations are external remarks attached to any Web document.
Annotations are first-class Web documents.
Annotations are flicker free and can be password protected.
Annotations are fully searchable as well.
Annotations are helpful.
Annotations are in brackets.
Annotations are in English.
Annotations are in green .
Annotations are informative.
Annotations are interesting to read.
Annotations are likely to get a lot of people with a lot of money really annoyed.
Annotations are limited to one-line phrases.
Annotations are limited, but useful where they occur.
Annotations are long and extremely informative.
Annotations are long summaries.
Annotations are minimal, but it is still one of the best and most complete Web directories.
Annotations are minimal.
Annotations are mostly in ink, some in pencil.
Annotations are of different types.
Annotations are often cross referenced to related articles.
Annotations are only skipped if entire triphone matches.
Annotations are our interpretation and analysis of the source data and are shown in italics .
Annotations are particularly useful for constructing litigation databases.
Annotations are particularly welcome.
Annotations are quite lengthy.
Annotations are really a kind of bibliography.
Annotations are short and specific.
Annotations are short, but highlight key elements.
Annotations are short.
Annotations are still useful for older materials though.
Annotations are themselves hypertext documents and can have links and annotations of their own.
Annotations are thoughtful and neutral.
Annotations are too short and often too vague.
Annotations are very complete and systematic.
Annotations are very helpful.
Annotations are very limited.
Annotations are very long and informative, often describing key debates in the field.
Annotations are visible instantly on all users' screens.
Annotations are web page descriptions.
Annotations briefly describe each magazine, including the target audience.
Annotations briefly describe each program and suggest curricular applications.
Annotations can also help when it is time to write a paper based on the readings.
Annotations can be e-mailed to other users, such as from an instructor to a student.
Annotations can be page-based, or sentence based, or both.
Annotations can be very brief, like the one below.
Annotations can be very informative OR very annoying.
Annotations can contain comments, chronology, file attachments, as well as color-coded issue codes.
Annotations can give examples of regulated materials in each industry.
Annotations can link any record to any external file, including video, audio, and web addresses.
Annotations can teach course material as well as help students become better writers.
Annotations Click on each of the links below to see the text referenced by the annotation.
Annotations contain information about most of the areas described below.
Annotations cover the scope of each title.
Annotations deal only with the language-related content of the work.
Annotations describe each publication and provide subscription information.
Annotations describe the contents of each.
Annotations describe the focus of each teacher's research.
Annotations describe the main points of a work, indicating any special features or weakness.
Annotations describe the resources, and there is a searchable index.
Annotations enable the reader to better select works for further research.
Annotations enhance reader's knowledge base as well as improve thinking and writing skills.
Annotations ensure meaningful reading and encourage clear and concise thinking and writing.
Annotations follow each reference.
Annotations give a suggested reading level.
Annotations give salient site characteristics.
Annotations give user aids and evaluations.
Annotations identify programs offering graduate degrees or certificates.
Annotations indicate the holdings included in various opisi within large fonds.
Annotations indicate the relevance or quality of the reference chosen.
Annotations indicate when fees are charged for searching.
Annotations inform the reader of the relevance, accuracy, and quality of the source cited.
Annotations judge the contributions of works and cite related titles.
Annotations list and describe related court decisions.
Annotations point out significant events in the company's history and contemporary news items.
Annotations present the history, goals, and activities of the organization.
Annotations print at the bottom of the Course Summary .
Annotations provide useful information about content or the producer.
Annotations range from comments on single items to user-declared ad hoc links between items.
Annotations range from one sentence to nearly half a page, and primarily present study findings.
Annotations reflect how the source relates to the stopic.
Annotations remain associated with their pages, independent of browser functionality.
Annotations reside in a separate database.
Annotations summarize and evaluate works cited.
Annotations summarize geographical and taxonomic coverage and historical highlights.
Annotations summarize noteworthy key points, strengths, limitations, and cross-referencing.
Annotations take much longer to search than definitions.
Annotations trace history of law.
Annotations typically catagorize objects and relationships.
Annotations vary according to their intended use and their content.
Annotations often contain additional references.
Annotations usually appear at the end of a page.
All annotations are by scholars in the field and all are signed.
All annotations are subjective.
All annotations are welcome.
All annotations contain bibliographic information, content description, and evaluative comments.
Any annotations are by the directory sites.
Any annotations are personal opinions of the contributors.
Most annotations are from other sources.
Some annotation is present.
Some annotations appear.
Some annotations are available.
Some annotations are cross indexed under several index categories.
Some annotations are in an unknown hand.
Some annotations describe things now invalid.
Some annotations even rate the site for content.
Some annotations state that the resource is easily read .
Announced assignments are due at the beginning of the class on the date due.
Announced prices are without engagement.
Announced quizzes are usually short answer type.
Announced value is recorded in current prices.
An announcement is a statement
Announcement are post in order that they are received.
Announcement can be especially important.
Announcement comes on eve of visit by federal authorities.
Announcement Does any one knows which residency program that have one month of elective in Haiti.
Announcement includes cast list.
Announcement is made on the department bulletin board.
Announcement is made to publicize the prize winners and to direct people to the scrapbooks.
Announcement is on the bulletin board and sign-ups being taken.
Announcement is open for domestic and foreign tenders.
Announcement isa statement.
Announcement marks company's second Missouri site selection in less than two weeks.
Announcements -Amanda needs some good freshman males for homecoming court.
Announcements appear for two consecutive months or until cancelled.
Announcements appear here.
Announcements are a necessary nuiscence .
Announcements are also available through local bookstores and copy shops.
Announcements are an ideal way to inform students about upcoming events, due dates, or corrections.
Announcements are available at the center.
Announcements are available for both the undergraduate and graduate commencement exercises.
Announcements are available to non-profit organizations in the Columbia Gorge.
Announcements are available up until the day of commencement.
Announcements are browsable by type, month, and year, and searchable.
Announcements are cheap, and hype is the way to talk about software that isn t released yet.
Announcements are due the first of the month for the next month's issue.
Announcements are due the first of the month, for next month's issue.
Announcements are due two weeks before publication.
Announcements are engraved on note-paper, as in the case of invitations.
Announcements are extremely important to seniors.
Announcements are for one day only.
Announcements are for one day.
Announcements are forth coming.
Announcements are free of charge.
Announcements are here, too.
Announcements are important.
Announcements are in English.
Announcements are in the church bulletin.
Announcements are of happenings of interest to the meteor and dust community.
Announcements are on a space available basis and in the printed edition only.
Announcements are on the homepage.
Announcements are other items seniors can buy before they graduate.
Announcements are pointers to data to be used in a broadcast.
Announcements are statements.
Announcements are subject to change without notice.
Announcements are subject to modification due to space limitations.
Announcements are to be limited to the most essential, for the Weekly back page notifies all.
Announcements are welcome.
Announcements auction day take precedence over printed material.
Announcements Be sure to see the following announcements for up to the minute news and information.
Announcements block on main page rearranged.
Announcements can also have multiple streams for varying set-top box profiles.
Announcements can be about events or meetings occuring on or off-campus.
Announcements can be informational, instructional, promotions, targeted for a specific group, etc.
Announcements can be text-only, or mixed text and graphics.
Announcements can kill a meeting.
Announcements can range from job fairs to seminars to on-campus interviews.
Announcements change often.
Announcements Check back here to stay informed about the latest happenings at our school.
Announcements Check for special offers, new products and messages.
Announcements Check for the latest course announcements at the top of the course home page .
Announcements Check out the new link to homework due dates.
Announcements click here , or on the crowing cock below.
Announcements Click here for complete list of announcements.
Announcements Click on the dates below to view the announcements for that week.
Announcements Click on the various links below to see what's going on.
Announcements Click the icons to preview the products.
Announcements Click the links below to view the most current announcement for each category.
Announcements Click the shield to return to the main page.
Announcements come from several sources.
Announcements coming through technology services often are very late.
Announcements concerning live web broadcasts are forthcoming.
Announcements contain all the details about the application process.
Announcements contain information for frequently asked questions.
Announcements contain the details about the application process.
Announcements containing registration forms are available as text , tex , and dvi files.
Announcements describe special requirements and application instructions.
Announcements Easily let everyone know the latest news or the next deadline.
Announcements feature for moderators also debuts.
Announcements Find time sensitive information and announcements.
Announcements Follow the latest news about the course.
Announcements go here.
Announcements have a multiple of uses.
Announcements have to get written into the routing tables.
Announcements includes dates, fees, locations and other information.
Announcements Keep up to date on school news and announcements.
Announcements Keep up to date with our activities.
Announcements Learn about fund launches and other recent events.
Announcements Learn about plans for meeting programs and other club news.
Announcements Learn about specific items of interest to classified employees.
Announcements Learn more about organ donation.
Announcements link directly to our partners' websites.
Announcements list specific restrictions,conditions, and special qualifications.
Announcements lists all of the announcements posted for the project.
Announcements Look for familiar faces in our announcements section.
Announcements Look here for announcements and upcoming events hosted by jun magazine.
Announcements made on auction day take precedence over any printed material.
Announcements make national news.
Announcements make news.
Announcements offers daily announcements of the school.
Announcements offers vacation rentals and attractions.
Announcements Pick up handout for today.
Announcements Pick up handout.
Announcements Play it safe.
Announcements provide a quick listing of meeting dates, times and location.
Announcements provide detailed information on eligibility criteria, application and deadlines.
Announcements Read all the latest news and postings regarding our site.
Announcements Read the latest announcements.
Announcements Read the latest news about Emory transplant center activities.
Announcements Read the latest news, information, and announcements from the webmaster.
Announcements regarding academic activities such as conferences are published for free.
Announcements relating to the passing of time are everywhere.
Announcements remain posted for a few weeks after the event to facilitate press contact.
Announcements represent another step toward making that vision a reality.
Announcements run an average of four days and a maximum of seven days.
Announcements See agenda for upcoming meetings and topics.
Announcements See calendar for service days information and updates.
Announcements See here for announcements of exams, etc.
Announcements See the announcement page for information about new postings, etc.
Announcements See the press release for more details on the philosophy of our Internet site.
Announcements still appear in the newspapers.
Announcements take approximately one week for delivery from time of order.
Announcements take precedence over ads.
Announcements targetting a global audience are inapproriate.
Announcements tell people about something they don t tell people to do anything.
Announcements There are currently no new announcements.
Announcements There is now a practice final on the exam page , with solutions.
Announcements Use announcement mailing lists to send out new information to subscribers.
Announcements View the latest developments, press releases and updates.
Announcements Welcome to eteamz announcements.
Announcements Welcome to the best, oldest and most progressive intermediateschool on the island.
Announcements Welcome to the new look and feel of Samoa Observer Online.
Announcements often appear in the newsgroups alt.privacy.anon-server and alt.security.pgp .
Announcements often lack dates, making it impossible to know how current material is.
Announcements usually go out about midweek for the upcoming weekend.
Announcements usually inform readers in detail about a forthcoming conference in the field.
All announcement are welcome and can be added here - free.
All announcements also go to the samba list.
All announcements appear in order of posting date.
All announcements are bilingual.
All announcements are free to non-profit organizations.
All announcements are in English and French.
All announcements are in place for a maximum of one week.
All announcements are non-commercial.
All announcements are suitable for infant or older child adoption.
All announcements are to be signed by a faculty advisor and approved by an Administrator.
All announcements come as shown.
All announcements expire after seven days.
All announcements identify the required knowledge, skills and abilities or the actual test outline.
All announcements made from the auction block supercede any previous written or verbal statements.
All announcements posted here are current.
All announcements state the minimum qualifications required to be considered for the position.
Any Announcement can handle all forms of announcements from a single script.
Any Announcement can handle all forms of announcements or greeting cards.
Any announcements are also here.
Any announcements go here.
Many announcements are cross-referenced across multiple subjects.
Many announcements spring up spontaneously from the flow of the class and dialogue in class.
More announcements are on the way.
Most announcements make national news.
Most announcements make news.
Most announcements require a few days notice.
Most announcements state the closing date for that position.
Most announcements still are for servers.
Some announcements are in pdf format.
Some announcements are open only to military controllers.
Some announcements are out and many are on their way.
Some announcements contain information.
Some announcements create a bit of discussion, and that discussion is redirected to another group.
Some announcements have to be made each day of the week.
An announcer is a broadcaster
Announcer calls out each model on stage.
Announcer exposes the labour behind the label.
Announcer is borderline aggravating.
Announcer is funny at first but stale later.
Announcer steps to one side.
Announcers also interview guests and moderate panels or discussions.
Announcers also make promotional appearances at charity functions or other community events.
Announcers are a thing of the past.
Announcers are broadcasters.
Announcers are communicators.
Announcers are humans.
Announcers are located in sporting events.
Announcers are the key.
Announcers are way too canned.
Announcers can also advance by hosting a regular program as a disc jockey or sportscaster.
Announcers can post two ways.
Announcers can showcase and market their skills to a vast number of people.
Announcers generally get their first broadcasting jobs in a small station.
Announcers have no accents, and read well.
Announcers have varied comments and good ad-libs.
Announcers keep the player informed of progress and give tips.
Announcers log in by name and pick the schedule to record.
Announcers Name the following emcees' announcers.
Announcers play a varied format centering around adult rock and alternative music.
Announcers range from retired professional broadcasters to enthusiastic but talented amateurs.
Announcers read commodity prices gathered by ticker tape and morse code.
Announcers somehow know and are able to provide the location of an object.
Announcers frequently participate in community activities.
Announcers often comment about things like that.
Announcers usually work in several different stations in the course of their career.
All announcers are responsible for finding qualified replacements in case of absence.
All announcers love statistics.
Some announcers become well- known and highly paid personalities.
Some announcers have to work weekends or on holidays.
Annoy insects destroy plants.
Most annoy insects destroy plants.
Annoyance can be considerable but the adults are mainly nulliparous, thus, vector potential is low.
Annoyance comes the second and subsequent visits.
Annoyance is a beep away from paranoia.
Annoyance is a mental condition
Annoyance is anger.
Annoyance is bad.
Annoyance is like the indie rock group of the improv world.
Annoyance is most likely to turn destructive when workers feel overwhelmed and powerless.
Annoyance is often most acute at night.
Annoyance isa condition.
Annoyances are endless.
Annoyances exist in every business.
Annoyances is also now available.
Annoyances is an entirely new book.
Some annoyance is caused by aphids.
Some annoyances remain, though.
Annoyed customers signal specification bugs.
Annoyed people are irrelevant.
Annoyed surfers carve it into cliff walls.
Annoyed users are much easier to appease then fixing a network that has been compromised.
Annoying advertisements interfere with the connection speeds.
Annoying background sounds.
Annoying Message keeps popping up.
Some annoying shortcomings do arise however such as the following examples.
Annoying voices are especially troublesome in offices with lots of open space.
Annual accounts have the option to pay by check, money order or credit card.
All annual accounts are a one-year minimum term.
Annual accruals increase with service.
Annual accumulation covers the last complete year.
Annual advertisements are at a special rate for consecutive issues.
Annual advertisers receive, on a complimentary basis, the four issues in which they advertise.
Annual aeration is the most cost effective thatch control method.
Annual agency reports.
Annual allowance is granted on residual balance.
Annual alumni giving is essential.
Annual amendments are frequently minor and housekeeping in nature.
Annual amounts are limited to the cost of attendance minus other estimated financial assistance.
Annual application is required.
Annual applications appear necessary.
Annual applications are usually necessary on high organic soils.
Annual applications are usually necessary.
Annual applications are usually surface applied.
Every annual appointee is encouraged to use vacation time each year.
Annual appointments are renewable at the discretion of the responsible administrator.
Annual appointments are the rule, but one-semester appointments are by no means rare.
Annual appointments are twelve-month appointments.
Annual assessments depend upon CalCOFI surveys to provide fishery independent measures of abundance.
Annual assessments include measurements.
Annual assessments keep pace with changes in the market.
Annual assignments vary according to library priorities.
Annual audits are mandatory.
Annual audits help locate hidden weaknesses and reduce liability.
Annual authorizations become de facto appropriations bills.
Annual average daily temperature ranges from cs.
Annual average is perhaps an hour.
Annual averages are the sums divided by twelve.
Annual averages are total benefits divided by total annual participation.
Annual awards honor the outstanding senior, sophomore, and instructor in electrical engineering.
Annual awards vary.
Annual barriers can also be a component of the system.
Annual beds can be some of the most exciting because they are usually planned for bold color impact.
Annual bills canrange from a hundred to three hundred dollars a year.
Annual billing is available upon request.
Annual blankets are also available from the needle-down houses.
Annual bluegrass can adapt to all cutting heights.
Annual bluegrass can also grow in compacted soil conditions.
Annual bluegrass can be a very troublesome weed in strawberries.
Annual bluegrass can flower at putting green heights.
Annual bluegrass grows in tufts and has boat-shaped leaf tips.
Annual bluegrass has a boat-shaped tip, folded in the bud.
Annual bluegrass has a small panicle seedhead.
Annual bluegrass invades desirable turfgrasses each fall in the sourthern states.
Annual bluegrass is a cool-season annual that produces lots of seeds.
Annual bluegrass is a light green, bunch-type to slightly spreading, winter annual weedy grass.
Annual bluegrass is a prolific seed producer.
Annual bluegrass is another particularly pernicious weed seed.
Annual bluegrass is highly variable for many characteristics, including genome size.
Annual bluegrass is native to Europe but is distributed worldwide.
Annual bonuses show a dramatic increase.
Annual booster is required thereafter.
Annual boosters are highly recommended.
Annual boosters are necessary.
Annual budget is approx.
Annual budget provides for a single staff member and current expenses.
Annual budgets are from the budget summary files.
Annual budgets are in a miserable state.
Annual budgets are prepared and reimbursement or advances are awarded on a quarterly basis.
Annual budgets are prepared for each department and expenditures monitored.
Annual business is substantial.
Annual calendars prevent scheduling disasters.
Annual campaigns are relatively easy to set up.
Annual campaigns can be fun.
Annual campaigns can have hundreds, thousands, even tens of thousands of potential donors.
Annual caps limit the interest rate increase from one adjustment period to the next.
Annual catalog lists hundreds of quality items for selection.
Annual catalogs are also prepared for use by all stores at a nominal cost.
Annual celebration commemorates the beginning of Mexico's struggles for independence from Spain.
Annual celebration depicts a turn of the century farming community.
Annual celebrations provide local and regional opportunities for safe family fun and socializing.
Annual certification is required for a field ready search dog team.
Annual certification is required.
Annual change is based on previous years' figures.
Annual changes is epididymal histology.
Annual charges are modest and are based on the student s belt rank.
Annual charges cover the cost of administering the annuity contract.
Annual checkups are important.
Annual chlorination is recommended for private wells.
Annual cicadas are different from periodical cicadas.
Annual cicadas are large and robust.
Annual cicadas are larger than periodical cicadas, averaging about two inches in length.
Annual cicadas emerge in summer.
Most annual cicadas emerge in summer.
Annual claims are too far apart, weeklies claim too frequently.
Annual clovers grow mostly in a prostrate manner, even without mowing.
Annual company visits.
Annual comparisons are meaningless in most respects however due to the vast changes in the group.
Annual comparisons show that the amount of community contacts have increased yearly.
Annual compensation is commensurate with ability and includes bonus and equity.
Annual compensation is only a fraction of the real cost of selling.
Annual compensation takes into consideration teaching excellence.
Annual competition draws top cowboys.
Annual compilation contains legislative history of public laws enacted during the year.
Annual compilations are chronological by fiscal year.
Annual composites can yield insights into the study of interannual variablility.
Annual compost give away days permit the public to pick-up composted material free of charge.
Annual concerts feature the elementary and high school bands and choirs.
Annual conference has some sessions on sustainable building, historic renovation.
Annual conference receive funds only through proposals to one of the above agencies.
Annual conferences attract national participation to explore pan-Canadian issues.
Annual conferences bring together members and prominent speakers for a broad range of topics.
Annual conferences feature the nation's most prominent thinkers on family issues.
Annual conferences provide opportunities for sharing research and new developments.
Some annual conferences recognize candidates at a district conference prior to annual conference.
Annual consistency is the key to maintaining the momentum .
Annual consumption is about double the production amount.
Some annual contests attract artists.
Some annual contests attract top artists.
Some annual contests attract top wildlife artists.
Some annual contests attract wildlife artists.
Some annual contests create safety.
Annual contract applies.
Annual contract includes one report per month.
Annual contract includes subscription.
Annual contracts apply.
Annual contracts are available with discounted pricing.
Annual contracts are available.
Annual contracts are for the full academic year consisting of both the fall and spring semesters.
Annual Contracts are non-refundable.
Annual contracts do have their rewards.
Annual contracts qualify for a discount.
Annual contracts require advance security deposit.
Annual contribution are payable at the beginning of the sponsorship period.
Annual contributions provide specially designed car seats for children with special needs.
Annual conventions are, by nature, forward-looking events.
Annual Cornflowers are great for growing in pots or beds in the greenhouse.
Annual cornflowers perform best when they are slightly crowded.
Annual cost increases over time.
Annual cost is approx.
Annual cost is payable in advance.
Annual costs are reportedly at the low end of the standard, full-service expense ratio.
Annual country reports on terrorism.
Annual coverage is provided for women At high risk for cervical or vaginal cancer.
Annual coverage is recommended.
Annual craft shows bring a large number of exhibitors and visitors.
Annual crops tend to be lower yielding per unit of height compared to perennial grass crops.
Some annual crops require years.
Annual cycle has data gaps.
Annual cycle reaches peaks in fall and spring.
Annual cycle yields numerous opportunities for policy change.
Annual cycles are an appropriate first point on the time gradient.
Annual databases are available.
Annual data are also available.
Annual data are available for area burned by wildfire.
Annual data are more detailed than monthly data.
Annual data are preliminary at the time of release.
Annual data become final five months following the close of the year.
Annual data is the average of the year.
Annual deadline is early fall for final grant proposal.
Annual deadline is late spring.
Annual declarations are for c.
Annual departure is cumulative departure of annual precipitation from long-term average.
Annual deposits occur at the start of each year.
Annual depreciation is taken by the straight-line method.
Annual depreciation reports.
Annual dinner follows meeting.
Annual discounts are available.
Annual disturbance increases the diversity of grass species.
Annual disturbance provides essential elements of quail habitat bare ground and annual weeds.
Annual dividends are another source of policy values for some whole life policies.
Annual dollar loses due to pests and disease run in the hundreds of millions.
Annual donations guarantee continuous membership.
Annual dues apply to all membership categories.
Annual dues are a flat fee.
Annual dues are available and golf lessons are available by appointment.
Annual dues are determined according to the sliding schedule above.
Annual dues are determined on a sliding scale based on salary.
Annual dues are four dollars, except for freshmen for whom membership is free .
Annual dues are generally modest.
Annual dues are half of the full dues.
Annual dues are inexpensive and tax-deductible.
Annual dues are low in cost but high in rewarding returns.
Annual dues are nominal to cover the cost of meals, materials and occasional guest speaker fees.
Annual dues are nominal, with family memberships available.
Annual dues are nominal.
Annual dues are now fifteen dollars per year.
Annual dues are on a sliding scale based on the size of an organization's budget.
Annual dues are on a sliding scale.
Annual dues are only one-half of fraternity and local chapter dues.
Annual dues are payable after the two weeks free trial.
Annual dues are payable in advance on or before the first day of each calendar year.
Annual dues are payable in U.S. dollars.
Annual dues are payable on twelve month basis.
Annual dues are payable to the club at the beginning of every year.
Annual dues are subject to change from year to year dependent upon the local's financial status.
Annual dues are the only cost of membership.
Annual dues are the same amount as for a regular member.
Annual dues are to be determined by the membership.
Annual dues are to be paid in the first two months of the fiscal year.
Annual dues are two dollars, and membership is open to all students.
Annual dues cease when life membership fees are paid.
Annual dues includes national, state and local dues.
Annual dues is accepted throughout the year.
Annual dues provide for organizational operation and a newsletter.
Annual dues provide voting privileges for the key representative of the institution.
Annual dues provides for approximately a third of the budget.
Annual dues vary according to each class.
Annual dues vary by membership category and chapter affiliation.
All annual dues are tax deductible as provided by law.
Annual elections are st ructured to give the committee a blend of current and new members.
Annual elections result in overlapping three-year terms.
Annual emissions are now close to six times that amount.
Annual employment reports.
Annual enrollment is based upon the number of panels selected.
Annual enrollment is required.
Annual estimates are through the most recent year for which reliable estimates are available.
Annual evaluation plans Annual evaluation plans are made according to the principles defined above.
Annual evaluations are important to detect any changes in the spine or sternum.
Annual evaluations can help collaboratives assess both external and internal progress.
Annual evaluations can justify salary increases and document poor performance.
Annual evaluations help develop consistent approaches to performance management.
Annual evaporation is roughly one-half of precipitation.
Annual event features carnivals, parades, live music and ethnic foods.
Annual event showcases the talent of young artists.
Annual events are a crucial part of USA and help bond the membership together.
Annual events attract thousands.
Annual events bring members together in some of America's most beautiful meeting locations.
Annual events celebrate the past and the present.
Annual events fund on-going restoration and expansion efforts.
Annual events have a special magic all their own.
Annual events make every season spectacular.
Annual events offer a variety of comedy, music, children's theatre and much more.
Annual Events See historic homes and churches at the Tour of Homes.
Annual Events Take a look at our annual events throughout the year.
Many annual events are held at the park, call for more details.
Some annual events are an art night, an open house and talent show in the spring.
Annual exams are an important way women can take care of their reproductive health.
Annual exams can detect and treat problems before they become worse.
Annual examinations are important for identifying potential health issues.
Annual examinations are the foundation of a complete health care program.
Annual exhibition highlights the work of regional artists.
Annual exhibitions are open to non-member artists across the nation and throughout the world.
Annual expenses are generally lower than similar open-end index funds.
Annual expenses are the percentage of the fund's value spent managing the fund.
Annual expenses differ by hundreds of dollars per participant from company to company.
Annual expenses vary depending on the kind of investment.
Annual extensions are possible.
Annual fee applies.
Annual fee begins in second year.
Annual fee includes one disbursement check per month.
Annual fee includes postage.
Annual fee includes updates and new releases of the software and all modules for one year.
Annual fee is . . . . . . .
Annual fee is . . . . . .
Annual fee is assumed to have been paid during the first month.
Annual fee is waived if operator agrees to assist during emergencies.
Annual fees apply for any active links and web pages.
Annual fees apply to subsequent years of membership.
Annual fees apply.
Annual fees are among the lowest in the nation.
Annual fees are due every year on the approval anniversary.
Annual fees are non-refundable.
Annual fees are payable on each anniversary of the grant.
Annual fees are subject to review if and when necessary.
Annual fees are the same as for personal members.
Annual fees cover the cost of maintaining the account.
Annual fees pay for virtually all of the fund's operations.
Annual fees quoted for a course represent the normal fee for two semesters of full-time study.
Annual festival celebrates family.
Annual festivals attract thousands of visitors.
Annual festivals draw large numbers both locally and from out of state.
All annual festivals are optional, and congregations always have flexibility with the dates.
Annual filing is required.
Annual fires constitute another serious problem.
Annual fleabane has an upright growth habit.
Annual fleabane is found throughout the United States except in the extreme north.
Annual fleabane is similar to rough fleabane, but has more leaves and is taller.
Annual floods support a rich riverside habitat and an extensive network of wetlands.
Annual flooding occurs.
Annual flowers abound.
Annual flowers are easy and beautiful container plants.
Annual flowers are mixed with the herbs to form colorful borders.
Annual flowers can be a prime source of color to accent and enliven a home's landscape.
Annual flowers have relatively few insect and disease problems.
Annual Flowers Learn how to grow easy and colorful annual flowers.
Annual flowers love rich soil loosely dug eight or more inches deep.
Annual flowers offer flexibility in landscape design.
Annual flowers replace the tulips during the summer months.
Annual flowers require more maintenance than most other landscape plants.
Annual flowers take center stage in the summer season.
Most annual flowers grow and flower best in full sun.
Annual flu shots.
Annual fluctuations occur, but the pattern is clearly increasing.
Annual followups are common for many patients after their first year with a pacemaker.
Annual forages are a valuable source of hay, pasture, silage or green feed.
Annual forages can be an option to produce dry matter tonnage.
Annual funds provide scholarships to students who demonstrate academic excellence.
Annual funding is available on an annual basis to existing members of the publication board.
Annual funding is needed for the next several years year to complete the work.
Annual gaps are apparent in the power spectrum.
Annual gathering promotes Western heritage and the cowboy way of life.
Annual geraniums contrast nicely with perennial salvia.
Annual gift provides scholarship support for any undergraduate food science major.
Annual gift supports an undergraduate scholarship in food science with interest in dairy processing.
Annual gift supports an undergraduate student in food science.
Annual gift supports an undergraduate student in landscape or floriculture.
Annual gifts are just as important during a campaign as ever.
Annual gifts are tax deductible contributions that are renewed each year to any area on campus.
Annual gifts are tax deductible.
Annual Gifts are unrestricted gifts, of any amount, made in a given year.
Annual gifts help support the operating budget.
Annual gifts take the form of cash, checks stock, and credit card and electronic fund transactions.
All annual gifts are tax deductible.
Annual goals are in bold type.
Annual goals enable the child to be involved in and progress in the general curriculum.
Annual grants are subject to satisfactory performance.
Annual grass produces seeds.
Annual grass provides habitats.
Annual grasses are dominant in some years, and annual forbs or annual legumes in other years.
Annual grasses are dominate in some years, and annual forbs or annual legumes in other years.
Annual grasses are easy to grow from seed and are excellent components for the cutting garden.
Annual grasses are the main concern.
Annual grasses can cause problems in the establishment year.
Annual grasses grow in the rainy season, and leguminous plants appear in years of good rainfall.
Annual grasses grow rapidly, forming a green floor cover with abundant life and colored flowers.
Annual grasses have to germinate seed, establish seedlings, and then grow forage.
Many annual grasses offer winter interest through texture, added structure and subtle coloring.
Most annual grass produces seeds.
Most annual grass provides habitats.
Annual grassland is dominated by grass.
Annual grassland is dominated by oats.
Most annual grassland is dominated by grass.
Most annual grassland is dominated by oats.
Annual group ride some full moon in Autumn.
Annual growth dies in winter, new growth rising from crown buds.
Annual growth is ca.
Annual growth is in a single flush in spring.
Annual growth is shown by the tree-ring, the width of which depends on the available water.
Annual guest can follow the evolution of all the gardens.
Annual guides explain each index.
Annual herbs benefit from a light application of a complete fertilizer after each harvest.
Annual herbs can spend their full life cycle in a pot indoors.
Annual herbs require a higher level of available soil moisture than most perennial herbs.
Annual herbs require higher available soil moisture than perennial herbs.
Most annual herbs have short enough growing seasons to be raised in beds outdoors for local markets.
Some annual herbs have flowers.
Some annual herbs have yellow flowers.
Annual hours are hours worked per person per year.
Annual immunization is required for effectiveness.
Annual income depends on success in meeting targets.
Annual income is approx.
Annual income is dependent on the size of the consultant's practice.
Annual income is good and so is company management.
Annual income is good too.
Annual income is income from all sources.
Annual income is variable and depends on the earnings of the fund.
Annual income varies.
Annual increases are contingent on funding availability.
Annual increases are determined in conjunction with the budget cycle.
Annual index includes author, subject and reviewer indexes.
Annual index is available for articles in each volume.
Annual indexes are available.
Annual indexes are in back of each volume.
Annual indexes are on the internet.
Annual induction occurs in the spring.
Annual infection can result in distinctly tricolor foliage.
Annual inflation plays a role, as does the increased utilization of drugs by the American public.
Annual information is available in an annual news release both in paper form and online .
Annual information is sent home with students during the first week of school.
Annual input is approx.
Annual inspection is required for certification.
Annual inspections cover human resources, laboratory and field equipment, and quality systems.
All annual inspections uncover a lot of abuses.
Annual installments cover eight or more major archaeological traditions from around the world.
Annual insurance costs Insurance coverage, from a licensed local insurance company, is mandatory.
Annual interest is subject to income tax.
Annual interest is the same as the subsidized loan.
Annual interest is the same.
Annual investments are to be paid in advance.
Annual lease renewable.
Annual leases are available.
Annual leases are very reasonable.
Annual leave begins to accrue immediately and can be used as it is earned with supervisory approval.
Annual leave is accrued as if the employee is working.
Annual leave is accrued based upon the length of government service, including military service.
Annual leave is an expense which accrues as it is earned by employees.
Annual leave is available after six months of continuous state employment.
Annual leave is charged to the department when earned.
Annual leave is credited at the end of each biweekly work period.
Annual leave is cumulative to thirty days.
Annual leave is earned and accounted for on a calendar-year basis.
Annual leave is earned based on the number of hours worked per pay period.
Annual leave is earned in accordance with a formula based on time in the federal service.
Annual leave is earned on a proportional basis based on the number of hours worked.
Annual leave is granted subject to approved arrangements for cover.
Annual leave is intended for absences because of vacation or personal business.
Annual leave is leave which can be used for any reason, the most common being vacation.
Annual leave is prorated for new employees.
Annual leave is provided by the academic calendar.
Annual leave is provided for all personnel working twelve months.
Annual leave is reduced pro rata while on leave of absence without pay.
Annual leave is scheduled at the department's convenience.
Annual leave is six weeks.
Annual leave is suspended for the first year of the war.
Annual leave is to be used for such purposes.
Annual leave is used for vacations, as well as all other personal absences.
Annual leave is vacation leave.
Annual leave requires supervisory approval before it is used.
Annual legumes depend on rainfall and good pasture management for their continuation.
Annual lespedeza is a summer annual legume often used for late-summer growth.
Annual lespedeza is also a good forage for dairy heifers and horses.
Annual lespedeza is also a good wildlife plant.
Annual lespedeza is also an option in southern Ohio.
Annual lespedeza is excellent feed for stocker cattle.
Annual lespedeza is tolerant of acidity and low soil phosphorus.
Annual licence is paid centrally - registration of copies is required.
Annual licenses expire one year from the date of issue.
Annual licenses expire one year from the date of purchase.
Annual limit is equal to the cost of attendance minus any other financial aid received.
Annual limits apply.
Annual limits are the same.
Annual limits do apply.
Annual list selected by a committee of librarians includes picture books, fiction, and non-fiction.
Annual lists have extensive annotations with a cumulative subject and author index.
Annual listings are free.
Annual losses arise from death, reduction in performance, condemnation, and cost of deworming.
Annual losses associated with weather-related accidents are in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Annual magazines are also free to students.
Annual magazines are free to students and alumni.
Annual maintenance consists of battery inspections and an up close inspection of the turbine.
Annual maintenance consists of merely cleaning the quartz lenses twice a year in normal enviroments.
Annual maintenance consists of oil change and dirt seal replacement on the jacks.
Annual maintenance continues.
Annual maintenance includes all parts and labor.
Annual maintenance includes the provision of upgrades and ongoing technical support.
Annual maintenance is an important part of any irrigation system.
Annual maintenance is available upon request.
Annual maintenance is documented and photographed.
Annual maintenance is paid to obtain upgrades.
Annual maintenance is the key to consistent, successful use.
Annual maintenance provide multi-user customers with periodic software updates.
Annual maintenance requires nothing more than cutting back in the spring.
Annual marks appear as thin, opaque, broken lines and are most distinct in the radii zone.
Annual maximum applies to each plan.
Annual maximum applies to total number of home health services.
Annual maximum is based on grade level and dependency status.
Annual maximum is cost of educaton minus other financial aid.
Annual maximums are same as for the subsidized loan.
Annual means are the arithmetic means of the monthly values.
Annual medics are closely related to alfalfa but grow only for one season.
Annual meeting is held in summer under auspices of local committee.
Annual meeting is listed in Fisheries.
Annual meetings are a requirement under Dutch law.
Annual Meetings are for current and potential full, associate, and affiliate members.
Annual meetings are the base of our church.
Annual meetings are to be held between the two governments.
Annual meetings can continue to address specific topics on ethnic health and aging.
Annual meetings facilitate ongoing collaboration on various research projects.
Annual meetings focus on collaborative research in clinical application.
Annual meetings offer a full complement of sessions, be they academic or praxis oriented.
Annual meetings provide distinguished speakers, tours of historic sites, and special events.
All annual members can borrow up to three books at a time for up to one month.
Annual membership costs less than admission for a family of four three times a year.
Annual membership covers a full year of free analyses.
Annual membership covers a twelve month period following the annual meeting.
Annual membership has many levels of subscription.
Annual membership includes a monthly newsletter.
Annual membership includes a subscription to one of the magazines.
Annual membership includes both The Hermit's Lantern and The Transit Authority.
Annual membership includes information binder.
Annual membership includes Newsletters and discounts on conference fees.
Annual membership includes other services.
Annual membership includes subscription.
Annual membership is also available.
Annual membership is available call the pro shop.
Annual membership is based on reports of tbe previous year's activities.
Annual membership is based on the academic year.
Annual membership is effective for one year from date of contribution.
Annual membership is encouraged.
Annual membership is for a calendar year.
Annual membership is free.
Annual membership is from date of enrollment.
Annual membership is quite inexpensive .
Annual membership passes available.
Annual membership requires payment of dues each year in order for a card to be issued.
Annual memberships are also available for individuals, families and grandparents.
Annual memberships are also available.
Annual memberships are available for full payment only.
Annual memberships are available to non-residents on a limited basis.
Annual memberships are available with discounts for juniors and seniors.
Annual memberships are available, and include much more than just the trails.
Annual memberships are available.
Annual memberships are for a period of one year from date of enrollment.
Annual memberships are good for one year from date of purchase.
Annual memberships are non-cancellable.
Annual memberships are now available for U.S. cardholders.
Annual memberships are now available.
Annual memberships are open to the public.
Annual memberships are tax-deductible.
Annual memberships are welcome to locals and visitors.
Annual memberships begin from the date dues are received.
Annual memberships do the most to financially support the society .
Annual memberships receive an invoice six weeks prior to renewal date.
Annual microfiche replaces paper copy.
Annual microfilm replaces paper copy.
Annual migration involves individuals.
Annual migrations reach hundreds of miles.
Most annual migration involves individuals.
Annual monitoring begins during the next calendar year.
Annual monitoring is required for any site for which coverage is purchased.
Annual mortality is the percentage of fish dying in one year.
Annual notification is sent to agents, group administrators, physicians, and pharmacists.
Annual openings are the sum of openings from newly created jobs and permanent separations.
Annual operation costs outside of start-up costs or other special circumstances.
Some annual output requires sources.
Annual packages are to be paid in advance.
An annual parallax is a parallax
Annual parallax is caused by the Earth's yearly orbit around the Sun.
Annual parking passes to government owned or controlled parking lots.
Annual pass is good for passholder and accompanying spouse, children and parents.
Annual passes are also available.
Annual passes are available for camping, daily parking, or boat launching.
Annual passes are available for for the price of eleven monthly passes.
Annual passes are available.
Annual passes are good for one year from the date of purchase .
Annual passes are good only for the person named on the pass, and are non-transferable.
Annual passes are only good for a calendar year.
Annual passes are pro-rated.
Annual passes are valid for one year begining with the purchase month.
Annual passes are valid for one year from the date of purchase.
Annual passes extend one year subsequent to the date purchased or renewal date.
Annual pay raises and periodic pay raises for longevity.
Annual pay raises.
Annual payment provides full coverage for all tax returns.
Annual payments are due at the time of registration.
Annual payments are due on or before the Annual anniversary date.
Annual Payments are non-refundable.
Annual payments are state income tax-deductible.
Annual payments are to be ongoing under the agreement, with no ending date specified.
Annual payments begin one year after lease-up.
Annual payments earn the interest rate inputted above.
Annual payments occur only after a patent is granted.
Annual payments remain fixed throughout the life of the trust.
Annual payments vary with the market and performance of the trust's investments.
Annual peaks occur on hot summer days.
Annual performance is based on the calendar year.
Annual permits are available at each park office.
Annual permits are available at park office.
Annual permits are available at the station.
Annual permits are available.
Annual permits require registering the vehicle.
Annual phlox loves full sun with average, well-drained soil and moderate water.
Annual pinks are easy to grow, are useful for edging, and as a source of cut flowers.
Annual plans help district directors schedule visits by specialists for assisting agents.
Annual plans make the most sense economically.
Annual planning focuses on the yearly plans, goals, and budgets.
Annual plants complete their life cycle from seed in less than one year.
Annual plants go from seed to seed in a single season, dying off at the end of summer.
Annual plants go through a one-year life span.
Annual plants grow and flower in the desert biome after rainfall.
Annual plants grow until first killing frost.
Annual plants have a life cycle of just one year.
Annual plants live for only one growing season, during which they produce seeds and then die.
Annual plants live for only one growing season.
Annual plants live only one year and reproduce by seed.
Annual plants survive for only one season.
Annual plants survive the winter or dry season as seeds.
Annual plants take winter avoidance to an extreme.
Many annual plants produce great quantities of smaller seeds.
Most annual plants are herbs.
Most annual plants grow well in containers.
Most annual plants require at least ten week from seed germination until bloom.
Annual planting is needed because of winterkill, though some years there are a few carryovers.
Annual policies are quite affordable.
Annual policies continue to be available.
Annual policies eliminate the hassle of renewing every six months.
Many annual policies cover ski trips, but check the limit on the number of days and trips.
Annual population reports.
Annual populations are proportional to hen survival.
Annual precipitation amounts over North America show large spatial variations.
Annual precipitation decreases from east to west.
Annual precipitation decreases from south to north.
Annual precipitation drops rapidly and summer temperatures soar.
Annual precipitation exceeds evapotranspiration.
Annual precipitation is below normal at almost every station.
Annual precipitation is characterized by wide regional variations.
Annual precipitation is distributed evenly.
Annual precipitation is heaviest in late summer and early fall, occurring as rain.
Annual precipitation is less than eight inches.
Annual precipitation is up to .
Annual precipitation occurs in summer.
Annual precipitation ranges widely in various parts of the country.
Annual precipitation varies with location.
Most annual precipitation occurs in summer.
Annual premiums can run into the thousands of dollars.
Annual premiums paid by the donor are a charitable deduction.
Annual premiums reflect rates in effect at the time of the surgery.
Annual prepayment is required.
Annual procedures prepare financial aid files for the activity of a new academic year.
Annual production is approx.
Annual production is determined by the number of colts known to reach flight stage.
Annual production is just over one million bottles.
Annual production runs to about seven million pairs of shoes.
Any annual profit is returned directly to the park.
Annual programming is driven by the needs of the participating companies.
Annual progress reports Forthcoming Meetings Detailed information about all forthcoming meetings.
Annual projects range from one hour per week to projects that can last all semester.
Annual projections are frequently off the mark.
Annual protests follow.
Annual publication provides data on U.S. international trade in goods and services.
Annual publications provide only the most recently obtained information.
Annual rainfall averages about eight inches a year.
Annual rainfall averages less than seven inches, and most of that can fall during one or two storms.
Annual rainfall averages twenty-six inches.
Annual rainfall declines as one goes westward in the Great Plains.
Annual rainfall decreases westwards and southwards.
Annual rainfall exceeds mms.
Annual rainfall exceeds ten thousend milimeters.
Annual rainfall is a skimpy eight inches.
Annual rainfall is about four thousend milimeters.
Annual rainfall is about six thousend milimeters.
Annual rainfall is about three thousend milimeters.
Annual rainfall is an area's precipitation measurements for the entire year.
Annual rainfall is approximately ten inches.
Annual rainfall is extremely low and temperatures, particularly in summer, are very high.
Annual rainfall is generally low, at least on the coast.
Annual rainfall is heaviest near the coast and decreases gradually further inland.
Annual rainfall is over .
Annual rainfall is spread throughout the entire year.
Annual rainfall is thirty inches.
Annual rainfall is variable.
Annual rainfall ranges from three thousend to four thousand milimeters.
Annual rainfall ranges from three thousend to four thousend milimeters.
Annual rainfall ranges from two thousend five hundred to three thousend milimeters.
Most annual rainfall exceeds mms.
Some annual rainfall has patterns.
Some annual rainfall varies from mms.
Annual range is moderately large on land in the tropical zone.
Annual ranges held by mature male black bears tend to be very large but there is some variation.
Annual rates apply for each year or any portion of a year and are non-refundable.
Annual rates are very reasonable.
Annual recognition is based on gifts and payments received plus matching gift contributions.
Annual recognition is conducted for active volunteers.
Annual recommendations regarding continued employment are to be submitted to the area dean.
Annual recreation leave in Australia is four weeks.
Annual reenactments keep our history alive.
All annual references are also on a fiscal basis, unless otherwise indicated.
Annual registration is held before each school year.
Annual renewal is available thereafter.
Annual renewal is based on good academic standing and satisfactory academic progress.
Annual renewal is based on performance and desire.
Annual renewal is contingent on continued academic excellence.
Annual renewal is contingent upon student meeting a specified grade point average.
Annual renewal is contingent upon the student's maintaining a specified grade point average.
Annual renewal is free.
Annual renewal is necessary.
Annual renewal is recommended for longer-term initiatives.
Annual renewal is required for a certificate to remain in effect.
Annual renewal is required for continuing use.
Annual renewal is required to continue using the software.
Annual renewal is required.
Annual renewal reports.
Annual renewals are very inexpensive.
Annual Renewals Make a sale once, get paid for life.
Annual renewals provide the same advantages.
Annual rental depends on size.
Annual rental is calculated on six per cent of the unimproved capital value.
Annual repetitions are milestones of desired changes.
Annual replacement is probably a good idea.
Annual report analyzes the development in hardware, software and the market.
Annual report contains industry-wide financial and operational analysis.
Annual report describes research.
Annual report includes section on networking.
Annual report is in progress.
Annual report is required.
Annual report provides statistics on the status of youth.
Annual report records service delivery and additional hours worked by administrative staff.
Annual report reflects milestones without citing continuous improvement processes.
Annual report tracks changes in children's status and identifies positive and negative trends.
Annual reports are a particularly important element.
Annual reports are a very useful way to link companies with investors.
Annual reports are also a helpful resource for incoming officers.
Annual reports are also available through Disclosure Global Access .
Annual reports are also good indicators.
Annual reports are an invaluable resource when seeking funding from public companies.
Annual reports are another.
Annual reports are available for a fee.
Annual reports are available from schools themselves.
Annual reports are available in French only.
Annual reports are available upon request.
Annual reports are available.
Annual reports are due annually thereafter.
Annual reports are easy to get.
Annual reports are free.
Annual reports are now the key performance reporting document.
Annual reports are reports of waste generated and managed onsite.
Annual reports are unparalleled education .
Annual reports are woefully opaque by U.S. standards.
Annual reports assure each quarry is operating within the law.
Annual reports can also be helpful in compiling sales and growth figures.
Annual reports can also serve another purpose.
Annual reports capture a year in the life of an organization.
Annual reports contain a variety of data.
Annual reports contain also pictures and graphs that are essential part of the story.
Annual reports cover data for the year prior to their filing.
Annual reports deserve a close look.
Annual reports follow the general information .
Annual reports fromr other companies in the same industry are useful to look at for comparison.
Annual reports help health authorities develop their next business plan.
Annual reports measure the amount and types of dangerous waste generated each year.
Annual reports prepared by the district describe the findings of each year's evaluation.
Annual reports provide lots of information about a company.
Annual reports published by companies for their shareholders are another useful source.
Annual reports serve as the basis of each school s public record of performance.
Annual reports show the results of the organisation.
Annual reports showing how much Iowa schools have saved are also available.
Annual reports summarize the results of epidemiologic surveillance at participating sites.
Annual Reports View our latest annual report.
All annual reports are available as pdf files.
All annual reports are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All annual reports start with a short description of the firm, usually less than one-half of a page.
Every annual report includes a report from an independent accountant.
Many annual reports are available in the reference room.
Many annual reports focus on process measures.
Most annual reports are available on a company's web site.
Most annual reports are very similar in the different types of information contained.
Most annual reports provide a synopsis of what has already happened within an organization.
Some annual reports contain maps, while later versions include photographs.
Some annual reports make interesting, if bizarre, reading.
Annual responses amount to about five thousand households.
Annual return is stock price appreciation plus dividends, sometimes called total return.
Annual returns are due one month after the anniversary of the date of incorporation.
Annual returns are the simple rates of return for the calendar years.
Annual revenue fluctuates from year to year because it is based on student enrollment.
Annual revenue is defined as that reported in the subscribing organization's annual report.
Annual revenues continue to grow exceeding the two hundred thousand dollar plateau.
Annual reviews allow associates to monitor their progress.
Annual reviews are an excellent source for current information and research on psychological issues.
Annual reviews are then to be conducted to determine basis for pricing for the ensuing fiscal year.
Annual reviews are timely and are monitored by officers.
Annual reviews are very helpful.
Annual reviews suck.
Annual reviews summarize important research done that year in a particular field.
An annual ring is a natural phenomenon
Annual rings appear as irregular bands of light and dark streaks or patches.
Annual rings are well-suited for the determination of the trees' ages.
Annual rings occur when the temperature drops and the sap in the tree fails to rise.
Annual rings seen in the cross section are a chart of yearly growing activity.
Annual runoff is thus basically nonsynchronous in the region's major rivers.
Annual rye is an excellant choice for all lawn and pasture erosion substitutecontrol.
Annual ryegrass can provide a couple of crops per year.
Annual ryegrass dies out in late spring after being planted in the fall.
Annual ryegrass grows fast, but perennial ryegrass grows more roots faster.
Annual ryegrass has low heat tolerance, is coarse textured, and shiny dark green.
Annual ryegrass is a quick germinating, cool-season, annual grass.
Annual ryegrass is a succulent, watery plant and easily succumbs to leaf fungi.
Annual ryegrass is a turfgrass and can be more difficult to manage as a cover crop.
Annual ryegrass is a turfgrass rather than a cereal grass.
Annual ryegrass is an important forage crop in East Texas.
Annual ryegrass is cheaper and easier to grow than some of the more exotic options.
Annual ryegrass is less winter-hardy than other grasses such as tall fescue and orchard grass.
Annual ryegrass is lighter green and slightly coarser than perennial ryegrass.
Annual ryegrass is lighter in color then perennial ryegrass.
Annual ryegrass is moderately shade-tolerant.
Annual ryegrass is much lighter in color and has much wider leaves than perennial ryegrass.
Annual ryegrass is quick to germinate and is often used to overseed the warm-season grasses.
Annual ryegrass is the fastest germinating of the three varieties and probably the cheapest.
Annual ryegrass is used for overseeding at low elevations in the late summer, early fall.
Annual ryegrass persists for only one growing season.
Annual ryegrass releases substances toxic to other plants.
Annual ryegrass works well for grain farmers with beef cow herds.
Annual salaries remain the same.
Annual salaries vary depending on the type of service.
Annual salary Enter the annual basic pay salary.
Annual salary Enter the annual salary.
Annual salary excludes overtime and bonus payments.
Annual salary increases every year, with one month paid vacation.
Annual salary is ca.
Annual salary is commensurate with experience.
Annual salary starting in the low to mid-twenties, commensurate with skills and exp.
Annual salary starting in the low to mid-twenties, commensurate with skills and experience.
Annual sales are accepted by check, please call to arrange payment.
Annual sales are generated by events.
Annual sales are generated by particular events.
Annual sales are over forty two million dollars.
Most annual sales are generated by events.
Most annual sales are generated by particular events.
Annual savings can be significant.
Annual savings can easily pay for membership fee.
Annual scholarships are one-time sources of financial assistance.
Annual scholarships are significantly less expensive, but are inherently temporary.
Some annual scholarships require a letter of agreement .
Annual seasons provide dove, duck, pheasant, quail, rabbit, wild boar, pigeon and deer.
Annual shipping averages two million barge tons.
Annual show features layouts, railroad memorabilia for entire family.
Annual sites serve two main purposes.
Annual snows accumulate on the cap and due to weight, the ice flows out toward the edges.
Annual snowfall is heavy.
Annual snowfall ranges between wide limits from year to year and place to place.
Annual species germinate quickly and visually dominate a site during the first year.
Annual spring repotting is recommended for continued growth and blooming.
Annual statements provide detailed documentation of the farm's income and expenses for the year.
Annual statice is the most used of all everlastings.
Annual statistics chart.
Annual stipends are dependent on years postdoctoral.
Annual stipends depend on qualifications and experience.
Annual strategies are the methods to achieve goals and objectives.
Annual students show.
Annual subscribers have unlimited access to the data.
Annual subscription includes forms adopted or revised within the one- year subscription period.
Annual subscription includes forms adopted or revised within the one year subscription period.
Annual subscription includes monthly updates and unlimited access at no further charge.
Annual subscription includes quarterly updates at no extra cost.
Annual subscription includes semi-annual update.
Annual subscription includes the basic manual and substitute pages.
Annual subscription is available.
Annual subscription is free.
Annual subscription is included in membership fee.
Annual subscriptions are also available for academic and governmental institutions only.
Annual subscriptions are also available to non-members.
Annual subscriptions are also available.
Annual subscriptions are also due.
Annual subscriptions are available at special rates for web sites and intranets.
Annual subscriptions are available by filling out and mailing in the subscription form .
Annual subscriptions are available for a donation of any amount, specifically to the newsletter.
Annual subscriptions are available for a fee sufficient to cover copying and postage.
Annual subscriptions are available for both individual and firm use.
Annual subscriptions are available for individuals, both adult and junior, or for families.
Annual subscriptions are available for postal delivery.
Annual subscriptions are available in single states at present.
Annual subscriptions are available to individuals and institutions at the following rates.
Annual subscriptions are available to non-members.
Annual subscriptions are available.
Annual subscriptions are free of charge.
Annual subscriptions are on a calendar year basis.
Annual subscriptions are open to any UK registered or based company.
Annual subscriptions are payable quarterly in advance.
Annual subscriptions cover the school year.
Annual subscriptions offer the greatest flexibility.
Annual subscriptions start with the first issue of each volume.
Annual summaries are available in a slightly crude form.
Annual summaries are prepared at year-end.
Annual sunflowers grow quickly from seed once the soil has warmed up.
Annual supplements are also available for purchase from the author.
Annual supplements are cumulative.
Annual supplements give a thirty .
Annual supplements update the most current edition.
Annual support is available.
Annual support is vital for funding projects ranging from student aid to library acquisitions.
Annual surveys are available upon request.
Annual surveys are necessary because gypsy moth population levels fluctuate from year to year.
Annual surveys indicate high levels of job satisfaction.
Annual surveys indicate increased customer satisfaction.
Annual symposium rotating among interested schools is held in the spring.
Annual systems are less stable, since everything above ground starts from scratch each year.
Annual temp varies over a wide range.
Annual temperature ranges from cs.
Annual term begins with issue date of first insertion.
Annual tests can be an effective accountability tool by providing a way to measure student progress.
Annual testing is a problem even if the measures are reasonably good.
Annual testing is conducted when they are hired.
Annual testing is recommended even in year round use of medication.
Annual testing is required by the new provision.
Annual testing is the minimum required measurement.
Annual thalliums are a common way to follow coronary artery disease.
Annual themes are always broad enough to support the required curriculum in history-social science.
Annual themes are very broad in scope.
Annual tickets tend to sell out early.
Annual tours take the choir form coast to coast and to parts of Canada.
Annual tournaments attract people from around the world.
Annual Training can take place just about anywhere in the world.
Annual training is a requirement by both agencies.
Annual training is required for all underground miners exposed to diesel emissions.
Annual training is required to retain certification.
Annual training is required.
Annual training is usually necessary in areas with a high incidence of severe weather.
Annual transactions are the source for accurate, official actions of any Grand Lodge.
Annual tuition is charged.
Annual tuition is payable upon acceptance into the orchestra.
Annual turnover is approx.
Annual types are available that flower the first year.
Annual update is recommended.
Annual updates are available at half price.
Annual updates are available for registered users.
Annual updates are available.
Annual updates are necessary to keep up with changes.
Annual updates are prepared to measure progress and refine goals.
Annual updates are to be available.
Annual updates cost very little.
Annual updates ensure that the statutes collection is current.
Annual usage includes borders and edgings, foliage, fragrance, fences or cut flowers.
Annual vacation is prorated in the year of joining.
Annual vacation leave .
Annual vacation leave accrued at one day a month, and increases with longevity.
Annual vacation leave with full pay is granted according to regulations.
Annual vacation leave.
Annual vaccination is most effective if done in the fall.
Annual vaccination is recommended for at-risk dogs.
Annual vaccination is recommended for dogs with a booster given if an outbreak occurs in the area.
Annual vaccination is recommended for health-care workers.
Annual vaccination is recommended for individuals who are in the following groups.
Annual vaccination is recommended for mink kept as breeders.
Annual vaccination is recommended.
Annual vaccination is the only protection.
Annual vaccinations protect it, and others, from a multitude of diseases.
Annual vaccinations protect our pets against a variety of deadly diseases.
Annual vegetation changes in a reconstructed prairie.
Annual vine is great for fences or trellis.
Annual vines allow experimenting with vine designs.
Annual vines are also great plants to help children learn the joys of gardening.
Annual vines are easy to grow in flower beds, hanging baskets, window boxes or trellised planters.
Annual vines are fun and whimsical.
Annual vines are, in a manner of speaking, deciduous.
Annual vines grow quickly up a trellis.
Annual vines grow with little care, only requiring lattice or fine string to attach themselves to.
Annual vines thrive in full sun with well-drained soil.
Most annual vines are quite durable and sun loving.
Annual visits focus on thorough physical examinations for early detection and treatment of problems.
Annual visits follow.
Annual volume provides short biographies of prominent living British subjects.
Annual volumes appear about two years late.
Annual volumes are natality, mortality, and marriage and divorce.
Annual volumes contain cumulated subject and author indexes.
Annual volumes contain texts of treaties, government announcements and publications, speeches, etc.
Annual volumes cumulate the print volumes.
Annual volumes have an indication of their annual volume status on their front covers.
Annual volumes have individual indexes.
Annual volumes list reviews under the author's name.
Annual volumes present brief biographies in a paragraph each.
Most annual volumes contain cumulated author indexes for that year.
Annual wage is a weighted average.
Annual weeds Apply to actively growing and small succulent weeds beneath benches.
Annual weeds are classified as winter or summer annuals.
Annual weeds are more prone to resistance than perennial weeds.
Annual weeds are plants that reproduce by seed and generally germinate each year to reproduce.
Annual weeds are plants that reproduce by seed and germinate each year.
Annual weeds are prolific seed producers , ensuring future generations of the species.
Annual weeds can be a problem as well.
Annual weeds complete the life cycle in less than one growing season.
Annual weeds complete their life cycle within one year.
Annual weeds emerge from seed, grow flower, produce seed, and die within a year.
Annual weeds germinate and thrive in disturbed soil.
Annual weeds germinate from seed, grow, flower, and produce seed in less than one year.
Annual weeds germinate, grow, flower, set seed, and die within one year.
Annual weeds grow from seeds.
Annual weeds grow rapidly, flower, set seed and die in a single season.
Annual weeds invade lawns.
Annual weeds live for one growing season, biennials for two and perennials more than two.
Annual weeds persist from year to year by a rapid life cycle from seed, to flower, to seed again.
Annual weeds pose a bigger problem.
Annual weeds produce seeds.
Annual weeds produce thousands of seeds.
Annual weeds reproduce by seed and complete their life cycle in one year.
Annual weeds reproduce only by seed and live just one season.
Annual weeds sprout, grow to maturity, go to seed, and die out in one year.
Most annual weeds grow from seeds.
Most annual weeds invade lawns.
Most annual weeds produce seeds.
Some annual weeds germinate from seeds.
All annual winners receive cash awards.
Annual workshops provide opportunities to share successful projects and bright ideas.
Annual yearbooks present recent findings.
Annual yields are greater than sediment yields prior to the eruption.
An annual is a reference
Annuals abound with advice on needlework, knitting patterns, cooking and general homemaking.
Annuals adapt to California's summer-dry regime by dying when soils dry.
Annuals are a bit trickier, of course.
Annuals are a good source of digestible protein livestock can harvest on their own.
Annuals are also great for sparking ideas.
Annuals are also great.
Annuals are also popular, providing the continual bloom that perennials can t always furnish.
Annuals are also some of the most adaptable and easiest to grow of all plants.
Annuals are an important addition to the summer garden.
Annuals are bright and cheery additions to any garden and can be used in many landscape situations.
Annuals are considerably easier to control and to prevent than perennials.
Annuals are deliriously colorful, and gardeners can choose from any color in the rainbow.
Annuals are easy to care for and are fast to perform.
Annuals are easy to grow with a little soil preparation and basic care during the growing season.
Annuals are easy to grow, and they come in a dazzling array of colors and varieties.
Annuals are even easier to grow from seed, but most gardeners choose to purchase transplants.
Annuals are excellent companions to shrubs in the early years after planting.
Annuals are excellent in a garden for cut flowers.
Annuals are flashy and tempting, especially when greenhouses display packs in full flower.
Annuals are flowers that bloom only one season.
Annuals are flowers that germinate, flower, set seed and die within a single season.
Annuals are flowers that have one flowering season.
Annuals are flowers that most people buy and transplant they right into their gardens.
Annuals are generally trouble free under proper cultural conditions.
Annuals are high water use plants in part because they have shallow, undeveloped roots.
Annuals are highly dependent on rainfall.
Annuals are inexpensive and add instant color throughout the season.
Annuals are more specific in their light requirements.
Annuals are much more vulnerable to the cold than most perennials.
Annuals are native in southern climates and thrive under hot summer conditions.
Annuals are plants that begin as seeds, grow, and die within one year or one growing season.
Annuals are plants that complete their life cycle in less than a year.
Annuals are plants that complete their life cycle in one growing season.
Annuals are plants that complete their life cycle within one year.
Annuals are plants that grow from a seed.
Annuals are plants which flower the first year, and then die at the end of the growing season.
Annuals are plants.
Annuals are purely seasonal, but perennials die at different rates.
Annuals are reference books.
Annuals are released each year .
Annuals are released each year.
Annuals are reliable, blooming throughout the summer months in almost dizzying succession.
Annuals are responsible for the colorful desert wildflower displays that often appear in spring.
Annuals are the flashiest members of the flower garden.
Annuals are the flowers that have long blooming seasons, but live only one year.
Annuals are the flowers that normally sprout quickly, grow fast, and are the first to bloom.
Annuals are the flowers that usually sprout quickly, grow fast, and are the first to bloom.
Annuals are the plants that live for only one growing season.
Annuals are the plants that live only one growing season.
Annuals are the same.
Annuals are the steady, reliable show pieces in every garden.
Annuals are very effective, grown neither in pots or in ground.
Annuals are very popular in gardens for many reasons.
Annuals are wonderful in large containers, too, and in hanging baskets.
Annuals avoid the extremes, compress their life cycle, and exist while the environment is favorable.
Annuals begin and complete their life cycles in one growing season.
Annuals bloom continuously through the season and are always a good choice.
Annuals bloom the first season, set seed and many successfully reseed themselves.
Annuals border the outside of the sunken wall garden.
Annuals bridge the gap of loveliness which can often occur in even the most carefully design garden.
Annuals can provide a succession of bloom throughout the year.
Annuals can truly contribute to a better environment through beautification-both urban and rural.
Annuals Check out our comprehensive selection of annual bedding plants.
Annuals color our life.
Annuals complete their entire life cycle in a year or less.
Annuals complete their growing cycle within one growing season.
Annuals complete their life cycle in one growing season.
Annuals complete their life cycle in one season and die.
Annuals complete their life cycle in one season and reproduce from seeds.
Annuals complete their life cycle in one year and produce many seeds.
Annuals complete their life cycle in one year.
Annuals complete their life cycle within one year and reproduce from seed.
Annuals complete their life cycle within one year and reproduce only by seed.
Annuals complete their life cycles in one season by flowering, maturing seed and dying.
Annuals damaged by the cold usually end up as little mounds of blackened, mushy foliage and stems.
Annuals die out yearly.
Annuals do the same.
Annuals finish a life cycle in one year or growing season.
Annuals generally have small tap or fibrous root systems.
Annuals germinate after a brief rain and grow slowly until spring.
Annuals give color to spring flowering bulb beds after the bulbs have finished blooming.
Annuals go from ground-hugging alyssum to over six feet sunflowers.
Annuals go through their life cycle in one growing season.
Annuals grow from seeds and flower the current year and then die.
Annuals grow one season and die back, usually never to return.
Annuals grow, set seed, and die within a year.
Annuals have a short growing season to harvest, often measured in mere days.
Annuals have long blooming seasons, usually about two months.
Annuals have many advantages for the home gardener.
Annuals have many positive features.
Annuals have small, shallow root systems and so require a regular supply of water.
Annuals help fill in.
Annuals is the place to start.
Annuals live for one gardening season and then die.
Annuals live for one year.
Annuals live only one growing season, while perennials live more than two years.
Annuals live their life through one season.
Annuals live to flower quickly, produce seed and die.
Annuals look best the first year.
Annuals make wonderful, bloom-filled container plants.
Annuals offer instant display, but last for only one season.
Annuals offer the gardener a chance to experiment with color, height, texture, and form.
Annuals propagate themselves by seed only, unlike many biennials and perennials.
Annuals provide instant color and come in many shapes and sizes in a wide range of colors.
Annuals provide more color at less cost than any other flower.
Annuals represent a large group of garden plants.
Annuals respond with vegetative growth but few flowers.
Annuals take one year to complete their life cycle.
Annuals tend to have more shallow, fibrous roots.
Annuals thrive best when heavily manured.
Annuals often increase following a fire, creating conditions where wildfires occur more frequently.
Annuals usually have roots that thrive in the top twelve inches of soil.
Annuals usually produce more flowers than other types of flowering plants.
All annuals are especially easy to grow.
All annuals spread only by seed.
Many annuals are shallow rooted, adapting well to the shallow elevated planters.
Many annuals continue to bloom and grow all through their season.
Many annuals have a very long blooming season.
Many annuals produce blooms from planting to frost.
Most annuals are easy to start from seed, either sown directly or started indoors.
Most annuals disappear during the dry season, leaving the soil surface exposed.
Most annuals have a long season of bloom.
Most annuals have, on the other hand, a very restricted root development.
Most annuals make great fillers, since they grow so quickly and have such long flowering periods.
Most annuals prefer a well-drained soil in full sun.
Most annuals prefer warm soils and stable temperatures to grow well.
Most annuals respond to pinching.
Some annuals are adaptable for use as temporary hedges.
Some annuals are perennial in warmer hardiness zones.
Some annuals are pretty when used as a low hedge or border around other plants.
Some annuals perform best in summer heat while others flower vigorously only in cool weather.
Some annuals perpetuate themselves from year to year through self-seeding.
Some annuals produce fast, upward growth.
Annualized inflation continues to decline, and industrial output growth remains strong.
An annuitant is an acquirer
Annuitant means a person or entity that receives the income from an annuity.
Annuitant means an individual who is a retiree, a former spouse, or a survivor.
Annuitant provide the necessary information on the form along with a voided check.
Annuitants are to follow the directions below.
Annuity bonds make steady interest payments.
Annuities accumulate interest-free from currrent taxes.
Annuities also are a way to avoid probate.
Annuities also have more than one form.
Annuities also offer the highest possible tax deduction for the donor.
Annuities are a complex and remarkably flexible financial product.
Annuities are also either fixed or variable .
Annuities are an excellent way of avoiding the hassles of a lengthy probate.
Annuities are an income alternative in a time of low interest.
Annuities are another way to plan for long term care.
Annuities are available through regular payroll reductions.
Annuities are basically the opposite of life insurance.
Annuities are commonest with pension plans.
Annuities are cousins of life insurance policies.
Annuities are especially appropriate as a long-term investment alternative to mutual funds.
Annuities are excellent vehicles for retirement savings and distribution.
Annuities are exempt under certain conditions.
Annuities are expensive and the variable annuities accrue higher taxes than a mutual fund.
Annuities are expensive.
Annuities are extremely effective planning tools for accumulating assets and wealth.
Annuities are generally commercially available.
Annuities are inflexible.
Annuities are insurance contracts purchased from one of the insurance company vendors.
Annuities are insurance vehicles that insure money instead of lives.
Annuities are interest-earning contracts, issued and guaranteed by an insurance company.
Annuities are investment programs offered by insurance companies.
Annuities are long-term growth vehicles that offer specific advantages for retirement purposes.
Annuities are long-term savings plans.
Annuities are obligations of the issuing insurance company.
Annuities are odd.
Annuities are one of the few tax-deferred investment vehicles left.
Annuities are one of the few tax-sheltered investment products that survived tax reform.
Annuities are one of the most popular ways to exploit the power of tax deferral.
Annuities are payable as from the date of filing, whether before or after the grant of the patent.
Annuities are payable as from the date of filing.
Annuities are payable in the anniversary date of filing.
Annuities are simply a mechanism to ensure that pensioners get a regular income in retirement.
Annuities are subject to investment risk, including possible loss of the principal amount invested.
Annuities are tax-deferred investments.
Annuities are the most secure of all life income gifts.
Annuities are to be paid counting from the filing date.
Annuities are to be paid during the final three months of each year of the protection period.
Annuities are to be paid every year as from the date of the grant of the patent.
Annuities are to be paid to maintain the design registration.
Annuities are usually fairly safe, low-yielding investments.
Annuities avoid probate.
Annuities avoid the very costly process of probate.
Annuities based on two lives are also available, but the rates are generally lower.
Annuities become due in the beginning of the third year of filing date.
Annuities can accept either qualified or non-qualified contributions.
Annuities can be a good tax-planning device by deferring taxes.
Annuities can be a reasonable investment for some people in certain situations.
Annuities can be a valuable tool, particularly for retirement savings.
Annuities can be an important part of a comprehensive retirement planning strategy.
Annuities can be either a constant real amount or a constant nominal amount.
Annuities can be for one or two lives.
Annuities can be IRAs and are like life insurance with no death benefit.
Annuities can be part of a long-term retirement savings plan.
Annuities can help provide insurance for long term care.
Annuities can offer several distinct advantages.
Annuities come basically in two forms fixed or variable.
Annuities come in all shapes and sizes, with a seemingly infinite variety of investment choices.
Annuities come in several shapes and sizes.
Annuities consist of payments that are equal in amount.
Annuities do generally pay a higher commission than mutual funds to a sales rep.
Annuities do offer a number of attractive features compared to other retirement options.
Annuities earn a competitive interest rate, guaranteed for a set period of time.
Annuities form a valuable part of our endowment.
Annuities have a long history.
Annuities have certain disadvantages, as well.
Annuities have limitations.
Annuities involve investment risks, including the possible loss of principal amount invested.
Annuities library Our collection of annuities news and helpful features.
Annuities offer a guaranteed income stream, which is reduced by today's low interest rates.
Annuities offer advantages of asset protection and tax deferral.
Annuities offer another alternative for accumulating retirement savings.
Annuities offer another tax-reducing alternative, at least until funds are withdrawn.
Annuities offer competitive interest rates and tax-deferred accumulation.
Annuities offer important flexibility in other areas, as well.
Annuities offer tax-deferred growth.
Annuities offer tax-deferred savings for retirement and financial planning.
Annuities offer the advantage of being tax-deferred until distributed.
Annuities offer the best benefits of other similar investment alternatives.
Annuities offer the choice of a guaranteed income for life.
Annuities offer the potential for a higher investment return since earnings accumulate tax-deferred.
Annuities pay a predetermined amount of annual income over a specified number of years.
Annuities promise a guaranteed income for life.
Annuities protect the annuitant against living too long.
Annuities provide a steady, guaranteed income.
Annuities provide competitive interest rates and tax-deferred interest accumulation.
Annuities provide guaranteed lifetime level income to the annuitant.
Annuities provide only additional costs and a drag on performance.
Annuities provide payments to an annuitant, either immediately or at a future date.
Annuities provide retirement benefits.
Annuities typically have two forms, Fixed and Variable.
Annuities View information about the latest annuity offerings.
Annuities work the way shown in the following explanation.
Annuity is a payment
Annuity is investment vehicles.
Annuity trusts An annuity trust is separately invested and provides a fixed income.
Annuities frequently provide greater cash flow than fixed payment investments.
Annuities usually entail sales commissions and early surrender penalties.
All annuities are taxable under one section or the other.
All annuities contain some similar characteristics.
Many annuities come with hefty mortality and expense fees, and management fees as well.
Many annuities grow tax-deferred using fixed or variable investment options.
Most annuities have a tax-deferred feature.
Most annuities offer comparable fund menus.
Most annuities offer seven or more annuitization choices.
Most annuities provide a variety of payout options.
Some annuities have a surrender charge that declines over a number of years.
Some annuities impose surrender penalties on withdrawals.
Some annuities provide an increasing death benefit.
Some annuities provide increases each year, typically to offset inflation.
Some annuities provide more generous options.
Annular eclipse is solar eclipse
Annular eclipses are also dangerous to look directly with the naked eye.
Annular flow is the most common and widely occurring of the two-phase flow patterns.
Annular illumination implies that the object is lighted from all sides.
Annular ring threads hold boards securely to posts or frame.
Annular rings allow each wafer size to be centered.
Annulment is a breakup
Annulment is a court-ordered dissolution of an invalid marriage.
Annulment is a declaration that the marriage never existed.
Annulment is a declaration which says there was no propar marriage in the first place.
Annulment is a procedure to establish that a marriage was entered into improperly.
Annulment is a very unusual remedy.
Annulment is available only if the marriage is invalid or voidable.
Annulment is different from divorce in that a divorce ends a valid marriage.
Annulment is dissolution.
Annulment is more quaint than divorce.
Annulments are a matter of state law.
Annulments are available only in limited circumstances in North Carolina.
Annulments are possible if it can be determined that no valid marriage existed.
Annulments are rare and only granted in unusual circumstances.
Annulments are rare in Missouri.
Annulments are very rare.
Annulments can be hard to come by because few people satisfy the requirements.
Annuloplasty rings are either rigid, semi-rigid, or flexible.
Annuloplasty techniques involve repair of the heart valve annulus.
Annunciation is a statement
Annunciation is part of marchs.
Annunciation is the very last place under the sun.
Annunciations are everywhere.
Annunciations can be great.
Annunciator lights provide visual indications of the status of the vehicle and payload systems.
An annunciator is an indicator
Annunciators can have unique alarm limits for each channel.
An anoa is buffalo
Anoa isa ungulate.
Anoas eat plants.
Anoas have (part) brains.
Anoas have (part) breasts.
Anoas have (part) cannon bones.
Anoas have (part) cell membranes.
Anoas have (part) cells.
Anoas have (part) chest cavities.
Anoas have (part) chests.
Anoas have (part) corpi.
Anoas have (part) cytoplasm.
Anoas have (part) ears.
Anoas have (part) faces.
Anoas have (part) heads.
Anoas have (part) hip sockets.
Anoas have (part) hoofs.
Anoas have (part) nuclei.
Anoas have (part) piluses.
Anoas have (part) plasma membranes.
Anoas have (part) rib cages.
Anoas have (part) second stomachs.
Anoas have (part) sections.
Anoas have (part) skulls.
Anoas have (part) sterna.
Anoas have (part) vacuoles.
Anoas inhabit areas.
Anoas live alone or in pairs, rather than herds, except when the cows are about to give birth.
Anoas take places.
All anoas usually travel at a trot and occasionally make clumsy leaps.
Some anoas have black coats.
Some anoas have coats.
An anode is an electrode
Anode isa device.
Anodes are electrodes.
Anodes are part of storage batteries.
Anodes are part of tubes.
Anodes are solid bar and doubled bagged.
Anodes are terminals.
Anodes are traceable by crate production lot code, to production, testing and quality records.
Anodes are zinc alloy can.
Anodes are zinc alloy sheets.
Anodes have (part) sections.
Anodic coatings are economical systems and offer excellent color and gloss control.
Anodic inhibitors prevent chemical oxidation of the metal.
Anodic polarization causes the extraction of sodium from near-surface region.
Anodic reaction is mainly oxygen evolution in most cases.
Anodize coatings are also thermally and electrically insulative.
Anodized aluminum ends.
Anodized aluminum is a natural for arena boards.
Anodized aluminum is pretty much standard on all but the cheapest doors, the dealers say.
Anodized aluminum is somewhat harder than untreated aluminum.
Anodized barrel provides even heat for lasting curls.
Anodized coil saves fabricators time and money over post production finishing.
Anodized finishes can be natural or any bright decorative color.
Anodized titanium handle with decorative lines and dots.
Anodyne imagery is great because it is really self-care.
Anodyne practitioners learn several ways to help people elicit images.
Anogenital secretions seem to be important for the ruffed lemur.
Any anogenital ulcer is syphilitic unless proved otherwise.
Anogenital warts occur typically near the genitalia and anus.
Anointed teaching is the catalyst for transformation in the lives of individuals and the church.
An anointing is an application
Anointing are applications.
Anointing requires humility .
Anointing signifies the imparting of strength, holiness, official duties and powers.
Anointing takes place when the priest is called.
All anointing is grounded in baptism, even anointing the sick and penitent.
An anole is an iguanid lizard
Anole isa lizard.
Anoles accept live or plastic plants.
Anoles also change colour in response to surroundings and mood.
Anoles also have parasites in their bodies that they are immune too but affect other species.
Anoles are a type of lizard found in Floridian nature.
Anoles are active during the day, eat insects, and are especially good at living in the trees.
Anoles are adept at climbing trees, shrubs, fences and walls.
Anoles are adept at colour change.
Anoles are also attractive little lizards.
Anoles are also diurnal - active during the daytime.
Anoles are cold-blooded and require supplemental heat for proper digestion.
Anoles are insectivores and the size of insects they'll eat ranges from small to medium.
Anoles are lizards.
Anoles are no strangers to urban environments.
Anoles are quick.
Anoles are tree or grass lizards of medium size and sometimes of bright coloration.
Anoles are valuable as superior insect destroyers.
Anoles are very territorial.
Anoles can climb glass walls.
Anoles change color by shifting the distribution of pigments between different skin layers.
Anoles change color in order to blend in with their surroundings.
Anoles change color.
Anoles change skin color.
Anoles consume prey.
Anoles do like being off the ground.
Anoles eat ants.
Anoles eat crickets.
Anoles eat daily.
Anoles eat flies, beetles, moths and spiders.
Anoles eat mealworms, roaches, spiders, flies, apples, bananas, oranges, collard greens and kale.
Anoles eat small insects and bugs.
Anoles even run around their houses.
Anoles feed on small insects such as crickets, cockroaches, spiders, moths, and grubs.
Anoles have (part) brains.
Anoles have (part) breasts.
Anoles have (part) cell membranes.
Anoles have (part) cells.
Anoles have (part) chest cavities.
Anoles have (part) chests.
Anoles have (part) corpi.
Anoles have (part) cytoplasm.
Anoles have (part) ears.
Anoles have (part) faces.
Anoles have (part) heads.
Anoles have (part) nuclei.
Anoles have (part) pedal extremities.
Anoles have (part) plasma membranes.
Anoles have (part) rib cages.
Anoles have (part) sections.
Anoles have (part) skulls.
Anoles have (part) sterna.
Anoles have (part) vacuoles.
Anoles have (part) vertebrate feet.
Anoles have a lot of enemies.
Anoles have a strong bite for a small lizard.
Anoles have behavior.
Anoles have determinate growth.
Anoles have growth.
Anoles have hind limbs.
Anoles have limbs.
Anoles have long tails.
Anoles have long tongues.
Anoles have lungs like humans do.
Anoles have many readily identifiable features.
Anoles have pads on their toes that help in climbing.
Anoles have the advantage of being relatively small, inexpensive and easy to care for.
Anoles have tongues.
Anoles live best in a large well ventilated enclosure.
Anoles live in and on trees, shrubs and leafy bushes in fairly humid habitats.
Anoles live in trees.
Anoles look like miniature dinosaurs.
Anoles only develop fat reserves in their tail.
Anoles possess ability.
Anoles prefer to get their water in the form of droplets off plants.
Anoles prey on insects.
Anoles produce no sounds.
Anoles resemble lizards.
Anoles share many anatomical features with arboreal iguanas.
Anoles slowly stalk their prey of flies, beetles, spiders, moths and other insects.
Anoles thrive in habitats.
Anoles thrive in planted terrariums.
Anoles use tails.
Anoles use visual cues as their primary signaling mode.
Anoles usually eat insects, and only live insects.
Most anoles are said to live between four and eight years.
Most anoles can change colour.
Most anoles change color.
Most anoles change skin color.
Most anoles eat ants.
Most anoles have behavior.
Most anoles have determinate growth.
Most anoles have growth.
Most anoles have limbs.
Most anoles have long tongues.
Most anoles have tongues.
Most anoles live in trees.
Most anoles possess ability.
Most anoles resemble lizards.
Most anoles thrive in habitats.
Most anoles use tails.
Some anoles die of dehydration.
Some anoles eat crickets.
Some anoles eat mealworms.
Some anoles eat prey.
Some anoles fight for dominance.
Some anoles get infection.
Some anoles have expectancy.
Some anoles have life expectancy.
Some anoles have methods.
Some anoles have protuberances.
Some anoles have short legs.
Some anoles have spikes.
Some anoles hide in trees.
Some anoles just like to roam around and hang off whatever they can.
Some anoles live in habitats.
Some anoles live in similar habitats.
Some anoles live in structural habitats.
Some anoles suffer health problems.
Some anoles suffer problems.
Anolis lizards are some of the best examples of both adaptive radiation and convergent evolution .
Anolis lizards communicate with displays consisting of motion of the head and body.
Anological knowledge is knowledge of specifics.
Anomalous cloud lines over the mid-Atlantic coast of the United States.
Anomalous component means peculiar part of a group.
Anomalous diffusion is theoretically and experimentally determined and compared.
Anomalous formations abound, confounding expectations.
Anomalous images continue to appear.
Anomalous information triggers questions when adults solve problems and comprehend stories.
Anomalous intrusions are harder to detect.
Anomalous processes particulate intravenous love.
Anomalous propagation is caused by the atmospheric structure itself.
Anomalous refraction becomes more of a problem for pointing as one goes to bigger antenna sizes.
Anomalous results have to pile up before a paradigm shift can occur.
Most anomalous samples appear to have come from sources within a few kilometres distance.
Anomalous tendon slips from the flexor pollicis longus to flexor digitorum profundus.
Anomalous tendon slips from the flexor pollicis longus to the flexor digitorum profundus.
Anomaly correlation is measure of model's ability to predict variations from climatology.
Anomaly detection fits perfectly into test output and log analysis.
Anomaly detection is based on models of normal user behavior.
Anomaly detection is much more theoretical, and relies upon deviation from known baseline behavior.
An anomaly is a position
Anomalies abound, but firm evidence remains elusive.
Anomalies also arise when the three jugs are rather big .
Anomalies are a different matter altogether.
Anomalies are abnormalities.
Anomalies are absent in marine sediments.
Anomalies are for the latest weak or so.
Anomalies are people.
Anomalies are percentage phase velocity perturbations.
Anomalies are positions.
Anomalies are relative to the corresponding monthly average over the period.
Anomalies are situations.
Anomalies are usefiul in monitoring changes in weather.
Anomalies are very common.
Anomalies build up .
Anomalies can demonstrate weaknesses and challenges in the present level of understanding.
Anomalies can occur only in policies that lack the stack property or inclusion property .
Anomalies develop and it simply no longer makes sense.
Anomalies do exist and there are investors and traders that outperform the market.
Anomalies do occur, of course.
Anomalies is a database of all things paranormal - ghosts, UFOs, and other strange happenings.
Anomalies is described here .
Anomalies morphologiques du foie.
Anomalies pop up all the time.
Anomalies track excess or deficiency of mass.
Anomaly sounds clear and dry, retaining a pure tone and sound that places the focus on their music.
All anomalies are open on strike and down dip.
Any anomaly is recorded in memory and the user is notified of the anomaly on the Units display.
Any anomaly now has an electronic record that can be stored, accessed and reviewed.
Some anomalies appear to exist in current population trends.
Some anomalies are also likely to be removed.
Some anomalies have yet to be explained.
An anomia is aphasia
Anomia indicates a posterior temporoparietal abnormality or degeneration.
Anomia is a difficulty in finding the correct word to describe an object, action, or situation.
Anomia is a difficulty with word-finding or naming.
Anomia is present and comprehension is affected by attention and memory deficits.
Anomic aphasia is aphasia
Anomic aphasia is characterised by difficulties in finding the appropriate words in speech.
Anomic aphasia is characterized by an inability to come up with the names of common objects.
Anomic suicide means suicide brought about by a loss of connection to others.
An anomie is isolation
Anomie leaves individuals without sufficient guidelines for behavior.
Anonymised data is fed back in a variety of ways, by tables, bar charts etc.
An anonymity is obscurity
Anonymities are obscurity.
Anonymities are situations.
Anonymity allows users to safely and freely experiment with their multiplicity of selves.
Anonymity also supports an atmosphere of equality in meetings.
Anonymity becomes impossible and privacy is difficult.
Anonymity becomes more and more difficult on the Internet.
Anonymity breeds bad behavior.
Anonymity breeds rudeness.
Anonymity can also be an essential component of personalization.
Anonymity can be a great thing.
Anonymity can be a major benefit of forming a corporation.
Anonymity can be empowering.
Anonymity can lead people to believe they can get away with the shoddiest behavior.
Anonymity cuts both ways.
Anonymity emboldens perverts .
Anonymity encourages fair and even consideration of all candidates.
Anonymity ensures honesty and accuracy.
Anonymity ensures that students are willing to share with teachers without fear of lower grades.
Anonymity ensures the privacy of a transaction on multiple levels.
Anonymity equals safety in the ratline.
Anonymity feels secure.
Anonymity gives more people the security to try to be witty or funny in their creative writing.
Anonymity grants a kind of freedom, peace in isolation.
Anonymity has a disinhibiting effect that cuts two ways.
Anonymity has great practical value in maintaining unity within our fellowship.
Anonymity has many other drawbacks, including a lack of credibility.
Anonymity imposes a strict discipline and an almost religious humility.
Anonymity is a concern.
Anonymity is a double-edged sword.
Anonymity is a powerful security feature by itself.
Anonymity is a radical means for protecting privacy.
Anonymity is a shield from the tyranny of the majority.
Anonymity is a technical means to privacy on the Internet.
Anonymity is a thing of the past.
Anonymity is a very complex issue that needs more exploration.
Anonymity is a very powerful social force.
Anonymity is a vital concept of drug programmes.
Anonymity is a wonderful thing.
Anonymity is absolutely guaranteed.
Anonymity is acceptable, though most people want to take credit for their work.
Anonymity is achieved through a combination of encryption and anonymous rerouting.
Anonymity is also a big issue.
Anonymity is also available.
Anonymity is also relatively easy to obtain.
Anonymity is an option at the donor's discretion.
Anonymity is an option.
Anonymity is anathema to local community.
Anonymity is another benefit.
Anonymity is another reason people incorporate in Nevada.
Anonymity is assured if requested.
Anonymity is assured to avoid potential embarrassment to contributors.
Anonymity is assured, if requested.
Anonymity is assured.
Anonymity is available for most Internet users today.
Anonymity is bad.
Anonymity is built into the process.
Anonymity is clearly a concept of privacy, but it is also a concept of free expression.
Anonymity is conveyed by the sameness of style in the units.
Anonymity is crucial for some people participating in an abuse recovery environment .
Anonymity is crucial.
Anonymity is encouraged.
Anonymity is ensured and protected.
Anonymity is equal to non-existence.
Anonymity is essential if information is to be uncensored.
Anonymity is essential to privacy and free speech.
Anonymity is essential.
Anonymity is even more curious.
Anonymity is extremely important in maintaining the integrity the network.
Anonymity is fine, and confidentiality is assured.
Anonymity is fine, but face to face is better.
Anonymity is fine.
Anonymity is futile.
Anonymity is gauranteed.
Anonymity is guaranteed .
Anonymity is guaranteed and rewards are available.
Anonymity is guaranteed and tales of folly are welcome.
Anonymity is guaranteed because only composite data from a minimum of five participants is reported.
Anonymity is guaranteed by issuing each caller with a code number.
Anonymity is guaranteed for the people who want it.
Anonymity is guaranteed if desired.
Anonymity is guaranteed, and identifying details are always scrambled.
Anonymity is guaranteed.
Anonymity is honored whenever requested.
Anonymity is horror.
Anonymity is important due to the nature of the relationship between the utility and the marketer.
Anonymity is important for political processes.
Anonymity is important here.
Anonymity is important to achieving a high response rate.
Anonymity is kept at the mailer's discretion.
Anonymity is maintained.
Anonymity is more illusion than reality on the Web, privacy experts say.
Anonymity is more problematic.
Anonymity is necessary for many.
Anonymity is no substitute for personality, friendships and community.
Anonymity is of high importance.
Anonymity is one of our most prized possessions.
Anonymity is one of the advantages of chatting online.
Anonymity is one of the largest barriers to active participation.
Anonymity is one of the most basic spiritual foundations of our program of recovery.
Anonymity is part of Belize's charm.
Anonymity is poisonous.
Anonymity is practical.
Anonymity is preserved.
Anonymity is protected as an aspect of our First Amendment freedoms.
Anonymity is provided by virtual reality.
Anonymity is real humility.
Anonymity is really important.
Anonymity is respected and a private side entrance is provided.
Anonymity is respected by all participants.
Anonymity is respected if it is requested.
Anonymity is scary stuff.
Anonymity is secured by the secrecy provision of the International Companies Act.
Anonymity is the basis of our spiritual principles.
Anonymity is the great stuff the web is made of and the safest.
Anonymity is the key to chatroom comfort.
Anonymity is the key to evading the police.
Anonymity is the key, according to Klein.
Anonymity is the main reason.
Anonymity is the mother of trust.
Anonymity is the next subject that usually comes up after encryption is introduced.
Anonymity is the sounding board confronting writers as they confront the lonely, white blankness.
Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of all our traditions, ever . .
Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of all our traditions.
Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of our program.
Anonymity is the spiritual foundation of the program.
Anonymity is their first shield.
Anonymity is total with no requirement to submit a name.
Anonymity is usually a requirement, but restriction of trading partners is also common.
Anonymity is very important.
Anonymity is vital to both privacy and freedom of speech.
Anonymity is what makes the Internet such a special medium.
Anonymity is when even the researcher can never tell which person gave which information.
Anonymity is where they remain unknown to the researcher.
Anonymity keeps the competition focused strictly on the merit of the project.
Anonymity lowers inhibition and prevents forma- tion of cliques.
Anonymity means keeping the participants identity unknown.
Anonymity means that there is no way to identify individual subjects' responses.
Anonymity opens the door to a theater of identity, in which gender, history, and voice are fluid.
Anonymity opens the doors to online stalkers and spammers.
Anonymity overcomes fear of involvement and cash overcomes apathy.
Anonymity overcomes fear of involvement, and cash overcomes apathy.
Anonymity overcomes fear of involvement.
Anonymity precludes public acclaim for gag writers.
Anonymity protects against accountability.
Anonymity protects the identity of all members.
Anonymity provides excellent protection of privacy.
Anonymity reduces the negative impact on freedom that comes from building personal wealth.
Anonymity reduces the risk of social ostracism, and promotes democracy online.
Anonymity requires a secret ballot.
Anonymity requires first and foremost protection from the prying eyes of the bank.
Anonymity requires strong encryption without government backdoors.
Anonymity seems to be following pornography and piracy as the new political battleground.
Anonymity serves a number of functions.
Anonymity works both ways.
Anonymity often makes it easier for people to give their candid opinions about a paper.
Anonymized examples are obtainable on request, on paper or diskettes.
Anonymous access impersonates the account configured as the anonymous user for the request.
Anonymous accounts are available to foreigners.
Anonymous alleles can bias results.
Anonymous articles are just as welcome as articles from registered users.
Anonymous calls are also welcome.
Anonymous calls are of dubious value.
Anonymous calls receive a call back date and a case number.
Anonymous callers welcome.
Anonymous chapter facilitates the meeting.
Anonymous ciphers can include any of the ciphers specified above.
Anonymous classes can be subclasses or an interface implementation.
Anonymous classes can make code difficult to read.
Anonymous classes is also customary.
Anonymous collection ca.
Anonymous comments are also most welcome.
Anonymous comments are also welcome.
Anonymous comments are fine.
Anonymous comments are welcome, too.
Anonymous comments return for undergraduate use.
Anonymous complaints are evidence of absolutely nothing.
Anonymous complaints provide no avenue for response or redress of the complaint.
Anonymous consultants can have an increased error rate in the analysis of skin biopsy specimens.
Anonymous contributions are also welcome.
Anonymous contributions are illegal.
Anonymous contributions are welcome.
Anonymous contributions make less of an impression on readers.
Anonymous donations are also acceptable.
Anonymous donations welcome.
Many anonymous donations support the Seminar.
Anonymous donor pledges matching grant .
Anonymous donors are good.
Anonymous examples are available.
Anonymous football is no.
Anonymous function is defined without a name.
Anonymous gifts are also welcome.
Anonymous guests make their way across the crowded room.
Anonymous guy arrives at the pearly gates, waiting to be admitted.
Anonymous information has no subject, and thus ensures that information is private.
Anonymous information is also common both in e-mail and in Web sites.
Anonymous input is also possible where that is deemed advisable.
Anonymous input is handled with the same professional diligence.
Anonymous irresponsibility is in.
Anonymous letters are welcome too.
Anonymous mail is fine.
Anonymous mailing is free.
Anonymous messages are a big turnoff, and they weaken rather than strengthen one's case.
Anonymous notes are acceptable .
Anonymous opinions are even weaker than opinions.
Anonymous participation encourages insightful comments from ALL participants.
Anonymous participation is permitted.
Anonymous photos are okay, too.
Anonymous photography is divided by nationality and period.
Anonymous posts are permissible on soc.support.loneliness .
Anonymous posts are unaccepted in many newsgroups.
Anonymous posts are welcome.
Anonymous posting is permitted, with restrictions.
Anonymous posting is permitted.
Anonymous postings are exactly that - anonymous.
Anonymous postings are only the beginning.
Anonymous postings are permissible as long as they conform to the published policies.
Many anonymous postings are acts of cowardice calculated to insult, disturb, or intimidate.
Anonymous profiles become part of the searchable job candidate database.
Anonymous programs provide little, if any information about the recipient family.
Anonymous protesters are exactly that, anonymous.
Anonymous pseudonyms are people in their own right.
Anonymous reports are okay, too.
Anonymous reports can be accepted, however, an anonymous referral is more difficult to substantiate.
Anonymous responses are welcome.
Anonymous review is available on request.
Anonymous review is available upon request.
Anonymous review is used by some divisions.
Anonymous security allows access to everyone.
Anonymous servers are available.
Anonymous service is free and open to the public.
Anonymous sex is immoral.
Anonymous sources are unacceptable.
Anonymous sources serve a purpose, of course.
Anonymous sponsors are also welcome.
Anonymous submissions are acceptable.
Anonymous submissions are also welcome.
Anonymous submissions are okay.
Anonymous submissions are welcome as well.
Anonymous suggestions are also welcome.
Anonymous surveys are welcome.
Anonymous testing is available at no fee.
Anonymous testing is available in all other states.
Anonymous testing is available in Iowa City, Cedar Rapids, and elsewhere in Iowa.
Anonymous testing is available in many states.
Anonymous testing is available in some places.
Anonymous testing is available in the Atlanta area.
Anonymous testing is available through several facilities.
Anonymous testing is available to protect confidentiality.
Anonymous testing is done after the patients watch an informational video.
Anonymous testing is now also available through home kits.
Anonymous testing is now available in New Brunswick.
Anonymous testing is provided by highly trained students.
Anonymous testing is recommended.
Anonymous testing is the most private way of being tested.
Anonymous testing is very limited in the state of Colorado.
Anonymous testing leaves no paper trail.
Anonymous tip leads to truth of rest home death.
Anonymous tips are welcome.
Anonymous use is another issue, orthogonal to privacy.
Anonymous use is suspended for now.
Anonymous users are anyone else.
Anonymous users are free to browse, but only registered users can post to the discussion forums.
All anonymous variables are different.
Anonymous victims face firing squad.
Anonymous vomit is a biohazard, and there are special clean-up kits to deal with such bodily fluids.
An anorak is a jacket
Anorak isa jacket.
Anoraks go around car boot sales and find unexpected music.
Anoraks have (part) bands.
Anoraks have (part) breast pockets.
Anoraks have (part) button holes.
Anoraks have (part) coat buttons.
Anoraks have (part) collars.
Anoraks have (part) cuffs.
Anoraks have (part) hems.
Anoraks have (part) lap covering.
Anoraks have (part) pocket flaps.
Anoraks have (part) sections.
Anoraks have (part) skirts.
Anoraks have (part) sleeve.
Anoraks have (part) stripes.
An anorchidism is an abnormality
Anorchidism can be unilateral or bilateral and is commonly observed.
Anorectal biofeedback can improve, or even cure, the problem of fecal incontinence in many people.
Anorectal herpes gives rise to pain, discharge and constipation.
Anorectal malformations are a spectrum of defects.
Anorectal melanoma is a rare cancer.
Anorectal suppuration begins as an infected anal gland.
Anorectic behavior can lead to dehydration, kidney stones and kidney failure.
An anorectic is a sufferer
Anorectics are medicine.
Anorectics are plagued by a sense of guilt.
Anorectics are, quite literally, starving themselves to death.
Anorectics invariably see themselves as overweight, even though they are in fact emaciated.
Anorectics often feel they lack control over their lives.
Anorectics often insist they feel fine, even though they look very thin, sallow, and waxy.
Anorectics often see dieting as a form of personal control.
Many anorectics know they look skeletal and emaciated.
Anorexia isa disorder.
Some anorexia causes ulcer.
Anorexic girls cease to menstruate.
Some anorexic patients combine bulimic purges with their starvation routine.
Anorexic people are frightened of putting on weight, and are obsessed with extreme slimness.
Anorexic people are generally underweight and have erratic metabolic functions.
Anorexic teens continue to diet and lose pounds even after they look painfully thin to others.
Anorexic women refuse to eat much of anything, if at all.
Many anorexic women find benefits to being riddled with anxiety.
An anorexic is a sufferer
Anorexics are always thin and easy to spot.
Anorexics are more likely to diet excessively and deprive themselves of food.
Anorexics are often thin to the point of emaciation, but are afraid to gain weight.
Anorexics are perfect research participants.
Anorexics are recovering, group therapy can be very helpful.
Anorexics are satisfied with their extremely thin appearance e.
Anorexics are sensitive to society's influence and subsequent approval and disapproval.
Anorexics are typically more isolated and bulimics more impulsive.
Anorexics are unresponsive to the effects of food.
Anorexics are usually perfectionists and set very high standards for themselves.
Anorexics are usually perfectionists and tend to have low self-esteem.
Anorexics become isolated.
Anorexics begin to develop a distorted view of their appearance.
Anorexics can literally starve themselves to death.
Anorexics consider themselves to be fat, no matter what their actual weight is.
Anorexics continue to believe that they are over-weight.
Anorexics develop emaciated bodies, dry or yellowish skin, and abnormally low blood pressure.
Anorexics die from starvation, malnutrition, cardiac arrest, or suicide.
Anorexics eat so little that they become dangerously thin.
Anorexics eat very little to nothing in order to control their weight.
Anorexics grow a fine layer of hair all over as the body naturally struggles to retain heat.
Anorexics grow up, are extremely compliant.
Anorexics have a distorted body image.
Anorexics have a distorted self-image.
Anorexics have an extremely distorted body image and excessive fears about putting on weight.
Anorexics have an intense fear of becoming fat.
Anorexics have an intense fear of becoming obese, and have an unrealistic, negative body image.
Anorexics lack self-esteem and feel they are making themselves more attractive.
Anorexics like to be alone, and isolate themselves from others.
Anorexics never kick out the jams.
Anorexics pick at their food and cut it into small pieces on their plate.
Anorexics pursue thinness through restrictive dieting and excessive exercise.
Anorexics see the world as black and white, and no shades of gray.
Anorexics severely restrict their eating.
Anorexics starve themselves while bulimics engage in a destructive cycle of starving and binging.
Anorexics starve themselves, sometimes to the point of death.
Anorexics tend to avoid sexual activity.
Anorexics tend to be perfectionists.
Anorexics tend toward extreme perfectionism.
Anorexics think they are fat even when their rib bones stick out.
Anorexics often deny that they have a problem.
Anorexics often have a distorted view of their appearance.
Anorexics usually strive for perfection.
Anorexics usually think they're fat even though they're very thin.
Many anorexics also exercise to excess in an attempt to burn calories.
Many anorexics are deeply depressed and some display suicidal tendencies.
Many anorexics continue to show symptoms of the disorder even after they are out of the hospital.
Many anorexics develop osteoporosis at a very young age as a result.
Many anorexics die before they become emaciated because of upset body functions.
Many anorexics exercise vigorously or use slimming pills to keep their weight as low as possible.
Many anorexics suffer from errors in thinking or perceptions.
Most anorexics are female.
Most anorexics claim they feel overweight even when emaciated.
Most anorexics deny that they are ill and are usually brought to treatment by a family member.
Most anorexics never know they have a problem.
Some anorexics come from achievement-oriented families that stress physical fitness and dieting.
Some anorexics develop anorexia during their growing period by failing to gain weight properly.
Some anorexics periodically binge and purge like bulimics.
AnotherITC employee works to enter data in the computer before issuing a badge.
Anovular infertility is common in some women who have only partially recovered.
An anovulation is a biological process
Anovulation can be due to many different causes.
Anovulation can occur at any age but more commonly occurs at menarche and at menopause.
Anovulation is the most common cause of female infertility.
Anovulation is the most common cause of infertility in women.
Anovulation represents a major cause of infertility.
Anovulations are diseases.
Anoxic conditions destroy the flowers.
Anoxic conditions exist close to the sediment surface.
Anoxic conditions result in a shift from oxidizing to reducing environments in dugouts.
Anoxic injury refers to injury to the brain as a result of decreased oxygen supply.
Anoxic spells occur when the infant's oxygen requirements exceed the supply.
Anoxygenic photosynthesis is performed by nitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria.
ANS is set to zero.
ANS notes that amateurs now are secondary here.
ANS regularly updates the schedule, so check it often.
ANS working groups are the actual writing committees that create the text of a standard.
Ansay representatives provide employee enrollment services and assistance.
ANSi artists are by far some of the most creative and resourceful individuals in the entire 'scene.
Answer keys are also available.
Answer keys are at the back of the books.
Answer keys are available as well as other supplemental materials.
Answer keys are available here .
Answer keys are available on reserve in the library.
Answer keys are available separately.
Answer machines function unsatisfactorily as reporting mechanisms for other reasons.
Answer phones greet customers at busy front desk.
All answer sets are available.
An answer is a statement
Answer are also available.
Answer blows in wind, swirls in soap.
Answer calls for assistance and emergencies.
Answer calls for protection of life and property.
Answer calls for service and enforce local and State laws.
Answer calls for terminal problems and customer support questions.
Answer calls from friends and exhange files effortlessly.
Answer calls in a thorough, efficient manner, providing excellent customer service.
Answer can be on shark or any fish.
Answer can be only one.
Answer comes next week.
Answer comes there none.
Answer configures the proper sentence for the user.
Answer connect Stocking before pigeon to whatever mad river kayak yet sink down the journey.
Answer contains little correct factual information.
Answer contains little factual information that is relevant to the question.
Answer contains no significant errors.
Answer contains some specific factual information that is relevant to the question.
Answer demonstrates a reasonably clear understanding of basic French syntax.
Answer depends a lot on the course.
Answer depends on choices made during the game.
Answer depends on experimental results.
Answer depends on priority.
Answer depends on the density of each substance.
Answer depends on the individual student response.
Answer depends on type of material.
Answer depends on what a record or array r-value is in a particular language.
Answer depends on year.
Answer discusses general recommendations for light levels for the ideal growing conditions.
Answer disputants questions about mediation.
Answer Do following procedure.
Answer eac h with a paragraph or so.
Answer equals temperature glide.
Answer focuses on appropriate reasons.
Answer goes for both questions.
Answer goes here.
Answer has Three of the world's major religions began in the Middle East.
Answer helmets A flat hat made of felt worn by school girls and French men.
Answer help desk telephone lines.
Answer includes at least one accurate, specific historic detail.
Answer includes more than one accurate, specific historic detail.
Answer inquires about products or services.
Answer inquires concerning a web page and products listed on the page.
Answer Is . . .
Answer is .
Answer is A .
Answer is almost always s something less.
Answer is always the same.
Answer is at the bottom of the page.
Answer is B .
Answer is b.
Answer is believed to be no due to brain capacity.
Answer is below.
Answer is brief, unclear, and often contains significant errors.
Answer is C .
Answer is concise and to the point.
Answer is concise.
Answer is correct and contains no extraneous or incorrect ideas.
Answer is correct, but author has acknowledged two errors in methodology.
Answer is correct.
Answer is D .
Answer is d.
Answer is declared based on a complex algorithm involving tone, voice and cadence detection.
Answer is E .
Answer is ether and ester.
Answer is foggy.
Answer is generally by specificity of detail.
Answer is given a.
Answer is given in a complete paragraph with no grammatical or spelling errors.
Answer is given in our basic qualifications file.
Answer is here .
Answer is here.
Answer is in the average face gallery.
Answer is in the packet.
Answer is in the text.
Answer is incorrect otherwise.
Answer is incorrect.
Answer is irrelevant, tangled, incoherent, incomplete.
Answer is it depends.
Answer is lengthy.
Answer is listed below.
Answer is Logical disk.
Answer is logical, with no contradictions.
Answer is maybe, or it depends.
Answer is No n.d.
Answer Is No n.d.
Answer is NO, Never.
Answer is no.
Answer is none are correct.
Answer is obvious.
Answer is only approximate .
Answer is organized around a clearly defined and well explained argument.
Answer is organized around a clearly defined argument.
Answer is partially correct but contains significant errors.
Answer is partially incorrect, yet there is evidence of a logical flow of thought.
Answer is pending.
Answer is precise and specific and includes real analysis.
Answer is probably yes.
Answer is provided.
Answer is shown as italic.
Answer is simple.
Answer is surely no.
Answer is that they take nutrition from mushroom as if they are parasite.
Answer is the array of the correct answers.
Answer is the fraction .
Answer is the same as peanut butter sandwich above.
Answer is three.
Answer is to be correct to two decimal places.
Answer is to be given to the nearest penny.
Answer is to define to a collection of policies for versioning, terms and conditions, .
Answer is too long to do here.
Answer is triethanolamine.
Answer is very good.
Answer is written on the back of each card.
Answer is yes .
Answer is yes.
Answer is Yes.
Answer is zero.
Answer is, nobody did voluntarily.
Answer isa statement.
Answer lacks logic or intelligibility.
Answer Let .
Answer Let x be an integer in the given range.
Answer pops up under Conversion Result.
Answer provides myriad solutions for almost every function in the office.
Answer reads against one scenarios than flash loveseats.
Answer reads against one scenarios than flash milwaukee drills.
Answer reads against one scenarios than flash plumbing.
Answer reflects solid understanding of Roman civilization.
Answer scales with more points can register subtle differences among people.
Answer tell Page under all features beside many cough.
Answer tends to be superficial and general rather than precise.
Answer varies from student to student.
Answer win Topic over glow inside a fishing net though force thru either beauty.
Answer win Topic over glow inside a large sleeping bag though force thru either beauty.
Answers above apply to worship space and ministry offices.
Answers alone are insufficient.
Answers alone are never sufficient to receive full credit.
Answers alone are unacceptable.
Answers appear at the bottom of the page.
Answers appear at the bottom of the quiz.
Answers appear at the bottom.
Answers appear at the end of each section.
Answers appear at the end of each.
Answers appear at the end of the chapter.
Answers appear at the end of the quiz.
Answers appear at the end of the test.
Answers appear at the end.
Answers appear at the very end of the page.
Answers appear below.
Answers appear beside each question.
Answers appear here every two to four weeks.
Answers appear here.
Answers appear in balloons in every page.
Answers appear in bold print, as they do in the teacher version of the text.
Answers appear in italic type.
Answers appear in parentheses.
Answers appear on page two of livestock brands.
Answers appear on the next page.
Answers appear on the screen for all to see.
Answers appear on the Web site within a couple of days.
Answers appear only to the teacher, and student scores are automatically tracked and graded.
Answers appear shortly after submission in real-time.
Answers appear to be in short supply.
Answers are a form of defeat.
Answers are a lean-bandwidth business.
Answers are a perilous grip on the universe.
Answers are a prison for one's self.
Answers are acceptable and sequencing is good.
Answers are accordingly wrong transceiver, loose cable, frame type.
Answers are accurate and creative.
Answers are all in here.
Answers are also available.
Answers are also in the book.
Answers are an e-mail or two away.
Answers are anonymous.
Answers are as close as our free seminar.
Answers are at a non-technical level.
Answers are at bottom.
Answers are at the back of the textbook.
Answers are at the bottom half of the page.
Answers are at the bottom of each page.
Answers are at the bottom of the page. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Answers are at the bottom of the page.
Answers are at the bottom.
Answers are at the end of each question.
Answers are at the end of the article.
Answers are at the end of the column.
Answers are at the end of the exam.
Answers are at the end of the list.
Answers are at the end of the newsletter.
Answers are at the end of the quiz.
Answers are at the end of the study.
Answers are at the end of the test.
Answers are at the end, but no cheating.
Answers are at the end.
Answers are at the fingertips of anyone who can type on a keyboard or pick up a telephone.
Answers are automatically graded and displayed on the teacher's monitor.
Answers are avaiable above.
Answers are available .
Answers are available after the quiz is graded.
Answers are available as well.
Answers are available at a third time to be defined.
Answers are available by using the link at the bottom of the page.
Answers are available for examination.
Answers are available for the quizzes.
Answers are available from the instructor.
Answers are available here.
Answers are available in the chapter resources section at the end of every chapter.
Answers are available on request.
Answers are available on the site but are passworded to maintain the integrity of the assessment.
Answers are available on the website.
Answers are available through a link at the bottom of the exercise pages.
Answers are available through a link at the end of the exercise.
Answers are available to questions about local clubs, ham dealers, upcoming exams and classes, etc.
Answers are available, and problems discussed from time to time in class.
Answers are available, so students can check their own progress.
Answers are available.
Answers are being updated, please be patient.
Answers are below .
Answers are below each word.
Answers are below.
Answers are checked and a table displays the perimeters and areas.
Answers are clear and written in writer's own words.
Answers are complete, accurate, and unbiased.
Answers are complete, thorough, and mostly correct.
Answers are completely anonymous.
Answers are comprehensive and well explained.
Answers are concise and practical.
Answers are confidential and for the readers use only.
Answers are confidential and only used in tabulation with other responses.
Answers are correct and complete.
Answers are correct at the time of posting.
Answers are creative, clear and accurate.
Answers are critical at a time when graduation requires students pass a new math Regents exam.
Answers are direct quotes from chapter.
Answers are diverse.
Answers are double-marked, that is, marked by the module convenor and another member of staff.
Answers are down the page.
Answers are due as in civil cases.
Answers are due at the beginning of class on the date of that topic's discussion.
Answers are due on paper , at the start of class , no exceptions.
Answers are due the following week unless otherwise noted.
Answers are easily accessible and understandable.
Answers are easily obtainable online.
Answers are easy to come by.
Answers are easy to find.
Answers are easy to follow, easy to understand.
Answers are easy when questions are disguised as childhood crises that end up in smiles.
Answers are easy, solutions are hard.
Answers are either right or wrong, i.e. there is no partial credit.
Answers are either right or wrong.
Answers are either True or False.
Answers are either wrong frame type or wrong transceiver setting depending on the scenario.
Answers are elusive.
Answers are e-mailed back.
Answers are extremely informative and complete.
Answers are factual, straightforward, and nonjudgmental.
Answers are fairly similar.
Answers are few and far between.
Answers are few, but productive players are many.
Answers are for fundamentalists and cultists.
Answers are for guidance only.
Answers are forthcoming.
Answers are free and most come within a day.
Answers are free.
Answers are from the site author unless otherwise noted.
Answers are good but questions are better because they stimulate thinking.
Answers are hard to come by and frustration sets in quickly.
Answers are hard to come by.
Answers are here .
Answers are HERE .
Answers are here. .
Answers are here.
Answers are imperative.
Answers are in blue typeface .
Answers are in bold .
Answers are in bold.
Answers are in boldface, and explanatory notes are in italics.
Answers are in chronological order within each file set.
Answers are in italics.
Answers are in pop-up menus.
Answers are in red .
Answers are in red and occassionally blue.
Answers are in red except where noted.
Answers are in red or occasionally blue.
Answers are in red.
Answers are in regular type.
Answers are in separate forum.
Answers are in statistics .
Answers are in the back of each book.
Answers are in the back of the book.
Answers are in the back of the text.
Answers are in the back of the textbook.
Answers are in the back, giving students immediate feedback.
Answers are in the back.
Answers are in the book.
Answers are in the FAQ .
Answers are in the following section.
Answers are in the form of text lists and tables.
Answers are in the next figure after the one below.
Answers are in the table above.
Answers are in the teacher's guide.
Answers are included in the notes section of the slide.
Answers are inline below.
Answers are just a click, tap, or ring away.
Answers are just a phone call away.
Answers are just answers.
Answers are mixed.
Answers are more difficult.
Answers are nearly as numerous as people with a vested interest in seeing the concept succeed.
Answers are now available online.
Answers are now available.
Answers are now ready.
Answers are on a separate key for each.
Answers are on pp.
Answers are on the back of the posters.
Answers are on the bottom.
Answers are on the last page.
Answers are only a cosmic heartbeat away.
Answers are only an e-mail away.
Answers are only available after a quiz is graded.
Answers are our duty.
Answers are output as lists, in decreasing order of x.
Answers are parts of sentences.
Answers are pleading.
Answers are pretty obvious, but good guidelines.
Answers are private.
Answers are probably no, and definitely yes, respectively.
Answers are quick and exceptionally helpful.
Answers are quick.
Answers are reaction.
Answers are reasonable and straightforward.
Answers are replies.
Answers are searchable.
Answers are send via same resources.
Answers are short and factual with minimal references.
Answers are short and simple to understand.
Answers are short and to the point.
Answers are simple and direct and miscellaneous bits of trivia are revealed as well.
Answers are solely dependent on the cooperation of the participating attorneys, if any at all.
Answers are sometimes great, but sometimes the response is just one meant to humor the searcher.
Answers are statements.
Answers are straightforward and contain clear explanations without being simple.
Answers are straightforward, candid, sincere.
Answers are superficial, vague, incomplete or simplistic.
Answers are the game.
Answers are there and they are abundant.
Answers are things that can be seen along the route.
Answers are thoughtful, contain detail.
Answers are title and author.
Answers are to be found at the back of the booklet.
Answers are to be no longer than one minute long.
Answers are to be no more than two pages in length.
Answers are to be one well-written paragraph per question.
Answers are to be represented with beads.
Answers are to be returned to the departmental secretary before ten A.M. of the following day.
Answers are to be returned to the examiners in the envelope containing the questions.
Answers are to be returned to the instructor by the end of the lecture one week later.
Answers are to be submitted on the prepared answer sheets attached to the questions.
Answers are to be typed into the spaces provided.
Answers are to be written in English in the spaces provided on the paper.
Answers are to be written in the box next to each line.
Answers are typically accessible on the web site following the due date.
Answers are under the picture.
Answers are unlikely to come quickly.
Answers are upside-down on the card.
Answers are usually better in general with better questions.
Answers are usually concise.
Answers are usually free, too.
Answers are usually inadequate rather than incorrect.
Answers are vague and sequences are confusing.
Answers are welcome.
Answers are within tendencies to exist.
Answers await more ecological research.
Answers base on experience.
Answers become public right after each exam, so there are no make-ups .
Answers blurt out.
Answers call lights, assists patients with personal hygiene and other activities of daily living.
Answers callers computer questions.
Answers calls and correspondence only after a week or more.
Answers calls at hospital switchboard.
Answers calls from adult students and parents, as well as children and teens.
Answers calls from any department and renders such assistance to doctors or nurses as requested.
Answers calls from the internal community - faculty, staff and students.
Answers calls regarding complaints of stray, injured, deceased or abandoned animals in county parks.
Answers can be a word, phrase or a sentence.
Answers can be any combination of motto, arm and sword, star, Indian, ribbon, arrow, and shield.
Answers can be either real or complex.
Answers can be general themes or principles or specific elements.
Answers can be more than one word.
Answers can be up, down, diagonal, and backwards.
Answers can be varied and sometimes very interesting.
Answers can include any HTML commands, and can thus incorporate images.
Answers can include salting, baking, lying in the sun.
Answers can range from a quick verbal response through to comprehensive board papers.
Answers can range from a short retort to a lengthy description.
Answers can range from the most blase to sublime.
Answers can refer to tables, figures and equations included as part of the engineering report.
Answers can take the form of a poem, a play, an essay or another work of art.
Answers can vary.
Answers Check out our FAQ for answers to common questions.
Answers Click on a picture for a closer look.
Answers Click to see the puzzle completely filled in.
Answers come about too slowly.
Answers come from being in a receptive, timeless state.
Answers come from oral history interviews and mailed surveys.
Answers come from our central library or member offices.
Answers come from our own ingenuity.
Answers come from within via meditation.
Answers come from within.
Answers come in many forms.
Answers come later.
Answers come less easily.
Answers come more easily.
Answers come quickly at times and more slowly at other times.
Answers come slowly.
Answers come swiftly through practical action, for only what works in the field counts.
Answers come through signs, synchronicities and sometimes dream conversations.
Answers come today.
Answers contain letters.
Answers contain no energy.
Answers cover topics from the basic to the very advanced.
Answers deal mainly with the presentation team.
Answers demonstrate little effort.
Answers demonstrates a reasonably clear understanding of basic French syntax.
Answers depend in part on the quality of available data, which vanes.
Answers depend on circumstances.
Answers depend on methods.
Answers depend on season and river flows which can abruptly change.
Answers depend on what happened in the initial microsecond of cosmic expansion.
Answers differ widely.
Answers draw commentary from the computer host.
Answers email from all over.
Answers end with summary of key points.
Answers Estimating profitability is often difficult.
Answers exist to all the objections.
Answers explain basic concepts.
Answers explain concepts.
Answers fail to be heard.
Answers fall into categories.
Answers FAQs as well.
Answers Find the answers below.
Answers Find the most recent articles on the benefits of a low cholesterol diet.
Answers flow faster with time.
Answers follow at the end of the questions.
Answers follow below.
Answers follow immediately after the list.
Answers follow immediately with explanations for incorrect answers.
Answers follow on the next page.
Answers follow the practice test.
Answers follow the questions.
Answers follow the spoiler space.
Answers form a potent business because answers imply questions, and questions equate a demand.
Answers give excellent explanations.
Answers give explanations.
Answers given are brief and factual with no references to resources.
Answers given are reliable.
Answers given in point form are acceptable.
Answers given in the audit require support documentation.
Answers have consequences.
Answers have important consequences.
Answers have to be find from practice.
Answers have to be found to questions like what parts are valuable.
Answers have to be selected for ten questions.
Answers have to be sought and ideas tested by experiment.
Answers help doctors.
Answers here are informative and sometimes amusing.
Answers immediately follow each question.
Answers immediately follow the questions.
Answers inbound calls in a timely manner.
Answers include evidence.
Answers include explanations.
Answers indicate understanding of the material.
Answers inquire questions.
Answers inquires from the public.
Answers involve basic consideration.
Answers involve consideration.
Answers is a trillion-dollar business.
Answers is available in quantities for groups.
Answers lack clear communication.
Answers lead the operator to the best solutions to fit the required machining scenario.
Answers lead to relevant Web sites.
Answers lead to the truth.
Answers Leave all answers in reduced, simplest radical form.
Answers lie in capital theory and the evolution of capital goods.
Answers lie in the areas of recruitment and retention.
Answers lie in the overall game plan that America has for the region since decades.
Answers make physical senses.
Answers make senses.
Answers mean nothing.
Answers never come late.
Answers never resolve anything because they are more of the same rather than something new.
Answers now appear on separate lines for better legibility.
Answers now wait upon the pre-trial process of discovery.
Answers obviously vary depending on the country, obstacles encountered, etc.
Answers occur in multiple places.
Answers only come through our own personal definitions.
Answers provide clear evidence of application, analysis, synthesis or evaluation.
Answers provide evidence of wide range of reading.
Answers provide explanations.
Answers provide hope.
Answers provided are general in nature.
Answers provided by others seem to create clarity but the clarity is misleading.
Answers provided here are often longer, as they are intended to be more comprehensive than concise.
Answers Provides Indiana and Ohio farmers with market, crop and livestock information.
Answers queries from persons requesting information regarding membership.
Answers queries on computer connections and finding out who is currently logged into the system.
Answers question, but the answer is incorrect.
Answers range from short one-liners to more detailed explanations with search examples.
Answers range from the deeply mystical to the deeply mystifying.
Answers range from the sublime to the ridiculous.
Answers range from zero to ten.
Answers really is the answer .
Answers reflect current best practices in the field of early childhood education.
Answers reflect thorough analysis.
Answers remain cloudy.
Answers remain elusive, but scientists are focusing on areas that deserve more study.
Answers remain securely stored in keypad until a clear keypad command is received.
Answers remain the same.
Answers require close calibration of local, state and federal interests and authority.
Answers require components.
Answers require details.
Answers require key components.
Answers require the integration of bioethics and hard science.
Answers respond fully to the assignment, i.e., paper includes required elements.
Answers reveal editors' top gift choices in each category.
Answers run the gamut.
Answers See the figure below.
Answers seem so pallid, sucked dry and void of life.
Answers seem to be in short supply.
Answers seem to pallid, sucked dry of blood and void of life.
Answers separated by a comma, indicate the answers for more than one blank in the item.
Answers serve as indirect indicators of strength of tendency to aggress.
Answers set questions video and unit concerning the unit as a whole.
Answers sketchy now.
Answers take about a day.
Answers Take the mystery out of backups, screen captures, and DSL with dial-up.
Answers take their meaning from their questions.
Answers take time.
Answers tell students why wrong answers are wrong, and why correct answers are correct.
Answers tend to be brief.
Answers tend to be meaningful to the person posing the question.
Answers tend to come back slowly.
Answers tend to emerge from ordered accumulations of information.
Answers Thes files contain the answers to most of the odd numbered exercises in the book.
Answers turn over in the middle distance.
Answers Use a function such as upto to create a large list.
Answers Use the information below to answer the five questions that follow.
Answers Use the information below to answer the four questions that follow.
Answers Use the information below to answer the three questions that follow.
Answers vary and theories abound.
Answers vary considerably.
Answers vary, of course, according to how they handle leftover materials.
Answers Write each of the following as the sum and difference of simplest logarithms.
Answers Write the equation of a line parallel or perpendicular to a given line.
Answers written elsewhere receive no credit.
Answers written in random order get extra points.
Answers written out on paper other than the homework sheet are unacceptable.
Answers often appear in just a few hours.
Answers often disclose what previously has been unspoken.
Answers often pop up in other questions.
Answers often reflect the unique contributions particular mentors have made to our own lives.
Answers sometimes are.
Answers sometimes come easier running than they do sitting at a desk.
Answers usually admit or deny specific allegations or claims in the document being answered.
All answers appear credited, and attributed to their original poster when it is possible.
All answers appear only in the magazine.
All answers are accurate, all are valid, and each one fits one piece of the puzzle.
All answers are anonymous and confidential.
All answers are anonymous.
All answers are at the bottom of the thematic puzzle page.
All answers are both optional and confidential.
All answers are communities that can be found in Montana.
All answers are complete, thouroughly explained, and insightful.
All answers are completely confidential and protected by law.
All answers are completely confidential.
All answers are completely justified.
All answers are confidential and any identifying characteristics are left out to ensure anonymity.
All answers are confidential and reported as group data for program documentation purposes only.
All answers are confidential.
All answers are correct.
All answers are direct scripture quotes.
All answers are due at the beginning of class on the assigned date .
All answers are either national capitals, names of presidents, or country names.
All answers are either Yes or No .
All answers are exactly correct.
All answers are examples of important functions of fungi.
All answers are false.
All answers are final.
All answers are free and most come within a day.
All answers are free, and are given in complete form with work shown.
All answers are from the Bible.
All answers are grammatically correct but only one expresses the idea exactly.
All answers are in a casual brainstorming format.
All answers are in pounds.
All answers are in quarter note time.
All answers are in the back of the book.
All answers are in the back of the text.
All answers are in the book.
All answers are in the language.
All answers are just one word.
All answers are multiple choice, with some true-false questions thrown in.
All answers are names of movie stars or directors.
All answers are now on file.
All answers are on file.
All answers are on the top strip of the can.
All answers are optional and anonymous.
All answers are optional.
All answers are possible.
All answers are right and everyone can stay friends.
All answers are searchable by keyword.
All answers are simple and biblical.
All answers are single English words.
All answers are strickly confidential and anonymous.
All answers are strictly confidental and only go to the promoters and staff.
All answers are strictly confidential.
All answers are there.
All answers are to be filled out on the attached answer sheet.
All answers are to be given according to how the professor explained the topic in class.
All answers are to be identified by student number only.
All answers are to be taken from an Internet source.
All answers are to be within the message.
All answers are to be written in the blue books.
All answers are to be written in the bluebooks.
All answers are to be written on the exam paper.
All answers are to be written on the spaces provided within the test.
All answers are to be writtten in NU-Prolog.
All answers are true.
All answers are True.
All answers are well-though and based upon documented research.
All answers are within.
All answers are, of course, optional.
All answers carry equal points.
All answers concerning advantages and disadvantages are welcome.
All answers contain the same three letters in a row.
All answers correct and work was neatly done.
All answers go on the answer sheet.
All answers probably correct.
All answers remain anonymous.
All answers remain confidential.
Any answer is acceptable as long as the student fully explains their reasoning.
Any answer is acceptable.
Any answer is almost beyond imagining.
Any answer is appreciated.
Any answer is arbitrary.
Any answer is better than no answer.
Any answer is correct.
Any answer is just as good as the next.
Any answer is pathetic.
Any answer is the right answer, of course.
Any answer is welcome.
Any answer is wellcomed.
Any answer leads to trouble of one sort or another.
Any answers are much appreciated.
Any answers are very appreciated.
Every answer carries the seeds of a question.
Every answer considers the effect on the children and future children.
Every answer deserves attention.
Every answer is a one word bird name found in most field guides.
Every answer is correct.
Every answer is different.
Every answer is explained well.
Every answer is interrupted.
Every answer is the right answer to a particular question.
Every answer is yes.
Every answer leads to more questions.
Every answer needs a date saying when it has been verified the last time and by whom.
Every answer seems to generate more questions.
Many answers abound.
Many answers also contain references and notes.
Many answers apply to all career fairs.
Many answers are acceptable.
Many answers are free, as is membership.
Many answers are in back of the book.
Many answers are more or less related to summer, a few to winter instead.
Many answers are possible, but only the more complex ones seem to mean anything.
Many answers are possible.
Many answers are questionable.
Many answers can be valid, effectively reasoned and well-grounded.
Many answers can be workable solutions to a given marketing problem.
Many answers come from quietly observing the nest box from a hidden position in the aviary.
Many answers lie ahead, waiting to be discovered.
Many answers represent answers that are common mistakes easily made by students.
Many answers require units.
Many answers work here.
More answers bring more questions.
More answers raise more questions.
Most answers are approximations.
Most answers are available here.
Most answers are complete and explained.
Most answers are complete, thouroughly explained, and insightful.
Most answers are from knowledge of the subject.
Most answers are in complete sentences.
Most answers are summaries of statements posted on alt.dreams by various people.
Most answers arrive within three days.
Most answers come from listening carefully to what patients say and how they think.
Most answers contain letters.
Most answers depend on circumstances.
Most answers depend on methods.
Most answers explain basic concepts.
Most answers explain concepts.
Most answers give excellent explanations.
Most answers give explanations.
Most answers have consequences.
Most answers have important consequences.
Most answers have solutions that are greatly diverge of the correct answer.
Most answers help doctors.
Most answers involve basic consideration.
Most answers involve consideration.
Most answers make physical senses.
Most answers make senses.
Most answers provide explanations.
Most answers require components.
Most answers require details.
Most answers require key components.
Most answers require two to three paragraphs.
Some answers also have a full calculation or further explanation in the window.
Some answers appear in a separate window behind the active window.
Some answers appear to linger and linger.
Some answers are anything but answers.
Some answers are as funny as the columns.
Some answers are available in Ask Adam's searchable archives.
Some answers are backwards.
Some answers are clear.
Some answers are controversial.
Some answers are correct.
Some answers are easier than they seem.
Some answers are easy.
Some answers are factual in nature and some are given in the form of trouble shooting tips.
Some answers are in complete sentences.
Some answers are innocent and some raise red flags big enough to fly in Moscow.
Some answers are obvious.
Some answers are of course, and for the most part, the results are reassuring.
Some answers are only partially right and other choices are all incorrect.
Some answers are real, some are goofy.
Some answers are relatively straightforward.
Some answers are required, others are optional.
Some answers are true and others are false .
Some answers are true and others are false.
Some answers are very easy to find, but others require creative searching.
Some answers are wrong.
Some answers can be at the same location.
Some answers come easily.
Some answers come from computer runs and scale model tests in a towing tank.
Some answers come from earlier designs.
Some answers come only after breaking through spiritual barriers, by prayer and fasting.
Some answers come quickly - the obvious ones.
Some answers depend on climates.
Some answers depend on situations.
Some answers describe situations.
Some answers even have a negative value.
Some answers follow.
Some answers help decisions.
Some answers lie in biology.
Some answers lie in energy.
Some answers lie in facts.
Some answers lie in reproduction.
Some answers publish in journals.
Some answers relate to conditions.
Some answers relate to lobsters.
Some answers relate to maine lobsters.
Some answers relate to surface conditions.
Some answers require forces.
Some answers require more than one response.
Some answers require selective forces.
Some answers seem obvious.
Some answers seem quite near.
Some answers suggest that certain groups require their members to work bingo games.
Answered prayers have both a personal and national impact.
Most answered prayer is accomplished through natural processes.
Answered support calls on hardware and other software questions as needed.
An answering machine is an electronic device
Most answering machines leave the day and time of the phone call.
Answerphone services are available in all courts for the use of jurors.
Answers keys are also available.
Ansys score represents total CPU time to complete test.
Ant accumulation is greatest in the top one third of the crown when herbivory is occurring.
Ant activity can really change the landscape in dramatic ways, too.
Ant activity is typically greatest between dusk and dawn.
Ant algorithms are a type of Lamarckian search.
Ant antennae are bent or elbowed.
Ant antennae bend at joints, while termite antennae stick out straight from the head.
Ant baits are convenient to use.
Ant baits are the preferred in schools.
Ant baits work as food is shared in the nest among all the workers and the developing brood.
Ant baits work better than sprays.
Ant baits work only if the ants eat the bait.
Some ant baits are for sweet feeding ants, some for protein feeding ants, and some for both types.
Ant birds follow the ants from the sky and feast on the remnants left behind by the ants.
Ant channels are ok.
Ant colonies are apparently very long lived once they became established.
Ant colonies are composed mostly of females.
Ant colonies are composed of queens, males, a I. workers.
Ant colonies are everywhere, and their scouts are always out looking for food sources.
Ant colonies are very common.
Ant colonies are very organized groups.
Ant colonies can be long-lived .
Ant colonies can be long-lived.
Ant colonies can re-establish if the same conditions remain.
Ant colonies consist mostly of infertile workers.
Ant colonies consist of males, females and workers.
Ant colonies contain ants.
Ant colonies depend on the female of the species for their creation and their continued existence.
Ant colonies embody all of the most important aspects of biological organisation .
Ant colonies embody all of the most important aspects of biological organization.
Ant colonies have a weird reproductive method.
Ant colonies have ants.
Ant colonies have soldier ants.
Ant colonies live on one or more trees and feed on the nectar existing in the leaves of acacia .
Ant colonies live on one or more trees and feed on the nectar existing in the leaves of acacia.
Ant colonies stay organized.
Most ant colonies contain ants.
Most ant colonies have ants.
Most ant colonies have soldier ants.
Some ant colonies consist of ants.
Some ant colonies consist of workers.
Some ant colonies contain millions of workers, while others have only hundreds or dozens.
Some ant colonies contain queens.
Some ant colonies have queens.
Ant communities rely on the queen to lay thousands of eggs.
Ant control is often part of the effort for managing sucking insect pests.
Ant diets vary by species and time of year.
Ant dispersal is most successful for establishment in young sparse populations.
Ant farms are both easy to make and inexpensive.
Ant farms are cool.
Ant farms lend a certain fascination to children as well as adults.
Ant hills are a favorite hunting ground.
Ant hills are a feature of the fields.
Ant hills are located in trees.
Ant hills are scarce in the country nowadays.
Ant larvae look like ant larvae.
Ant larvae look like larvae.
Ant larvae are white and grub like.
Ant larvae look like worms.
An ant lion is a larva
Ant lions are insects.
Ant lions are really cool.
Ant lions are sensitive to vibrations and make quick work of foolish ants.
Ant lions are small insects that create divots in the sand.
Ant lions have predators, too.
Ant lions make pits in sandy soil about the diameter of a silver dollar.
Ant lions range throughout the United States.
Ant lions wait for prey.
Most ant lions wait for prey.
Ant medicine is subtle yet powerful.
Ant mouths have jaws for grasping food and cutting plants.
Some ant nests have multiple queens.
Ant powder is nasty, nasty toxic stuff and best avoided.
Most ant problems are a direct result of insect infestations in plants and trees.
Ant pupae look like white adult ants, with their legs and antennae pressed close to their bodies.
Some ant queens produce sons.
Ant robots are simple creatures with limited sensing and computational capabilities.
Ant society is a world of females.
Many ant species have a fondness for honeydew that aphids produce from feeding on plants.
Many ant species produce large dendritic networks of trails around their nest.
Most ant species are social insects, living in large cooperative groups called colonies.
Most ant species have a system in which only the queen and breeding females can mate .
Most ant species have a system in which only the queen and breeding females can mate.
Most ant species have only one queen per nest.
Most ant species live in the soil.
Most ant species make homes where they always live .
Most ant species make homes where they always live.
Some ant species feed predominantly on sweets, whereas others prefer meat and grease.
Some ant species have more than one queen in the nest.
Some ant species have several queens in a nest, some have only one.
Some ant species live on fungi which they plant, grow, and take care of in underground galleries.
Some ant species make slaves out of another ant species.
Ant stings are very common obviously, particularly in younger children who are outdoors playing.
Ant teamwork suggests models for computing faster and organizing better.
Ant workers are dark red or black and move about in the open.
Ant workers take meticulous care of their young.
An ant is an insect
Ant isa insect.
Ants actually cultivate aphids and milk tha aphids for their secreted honeydew.
Ants actually protect aphid colonies.
Ants actually take naps.
Ants adapt to conditions.
Ants adapt to environments.
Ants adapt to nighttime conditions.
Ants also act as scavengers and as predators of other insects.
Ants also can enter houses along utility lines.
Ants also can symbolize the small annoyances and irritations in our daily lives.
Ants also carry aphids to the tender and most succulent new growth of plants.
Ants also carry aphids to uninfested parts of plants.
Ants also carry decaying plant material below the surface.
Ants also eat worms.
Ants also have a bend in their antennae.
Ants also have large heads, elbowed antennae, and powerful jaws.
Ants also have remarkably strong jaws and can give a painful nip.
Ants also have the characteristic three part body of an insect.
Ants also have their own fungus which they carry on the bodies.
Ants also have two pair of wings but the fore wings are much larger than the hind wings.
Ants also move around, especially army ants.
Ants also offer some solid food to the larva including trophic eggs and seeds.
Ants also play an important role in the pollination of flowers.
Ants also prey on turtle eggs.
Ants also supply enzymes necessary to aid in breaking down protein chains.
Ants also survive the cut, being a fine protein source.
Ants also swarm, sometimes at the same time as termites.
Ants also use chemicals called pheromones to leave scent trails for other ants to follow.
Ants appear distinctly segmented, because of their thin-waisted appearance.
Ants appear from nostrils and mouth.
Ants Apply a sticky bituminous substance around the base of a tree truck.
Ants apply pheromones on each other and on their environment.
Ants are a classic example of social insects, which work together for the good of the colony.
Ants are a favorite food.
Ants are a major annoyance to homeowners and are difficult to control.
Ants are a nuisance, effective control is achieved with repellant or attractant baits.
Ants are a parallel processing machine.
Ants are a perennial fact of life in Indonesia.
Ants are able to communicate with each other.
Ants are absolutely like that.
Ants are active now.
Ants are alien beings.
Ants are also a good indicator of the presence of insects.
Ants are also a problem at hummingbird and oriole feeders, drawn to the sweet liquid.
Ants are also an important food source for pileated woodpeckers.
Ants are also an important food source for troutin many alpine lakes.
Ants are also capable of teaching each other.
Ants are also easy and interesting to study.
Ants are also evil.
Ants are also present as they milk the aphids.
Ants are also strong and fearless but are never identified with national flags or contact sports.
Ants are also typically present when aphids are.
Ants are also univoltine in that they yield new generation every year.
Ants are also very strong for their size.
Ants are amazing creatures.
Ants are among the longest living insects in the world.
Ants are amongst the most numerous of all types of animals, and many species are predaceous.
Ants are an even worse problem.
Ants are an insect group that everyone knows and many are fascinated by.
Ants are an unusual example of omnivores.
Ants are animals.
Ants are arthopods.
Ants are as loud as a pin drop in a loud conversation.
Ants are attracted to food, water and shelter.
Ants are attracted to the elaiosome and drag the seeds to their nests.
Ants are books.
Ants are bugs.
Ants are capable of crawls.
Ants are capable of flies.
Ants are certainly one of the freakiest creatures on Earth.
Ants are clean and tidy insects.
Ants are cold blooded so they slow down when they get cold.
Ants are cold-blooded just like all other insects and some other animals, like reptiles.
Ants are common insects, but they have some unique capabilities.
Ants are common social insects .
Ants are common throughout Colorado, and large numbers occur in the average landscape.
Ants are controlled by the seasons, just like any other insect.
Ants are cosmopolitan in distribution.
Ants are determined and relentless in pursuit of their mission.
Ants are dominant and conspicuous animals in the world's terrestrial ecosystems.
Ants are effective as well.
Ants are entirely different from termites .
Ants are especially bad.
Ants are eusocial insects, which means they exist only as part of a colony.
Ants are everywhere - they thrive in forests, fields, deserts, and cities all over earth.
Ants are excited.
Ants are extraordinarily abundant in arthropod communities of tropical rain-forest canopies.
Ants are familiar turf-nesting insects.
Ants are fantastic examples of hard-workers.
Ants are fascinating creatures and highly social.
Ants are fascinating creatures.
Ants are fascinating insects .
Ants are ferocious predators.
Ants are formidable opponents that violently guard the nest from intruders.
Ants are found on any inhabitable landmass on the planet.
Ants are found on every continent except Antarctica and in virtually every climate.
Ants are generally predacious.
Ants are generally predators and particularly territorial.
Ants are great.
Ants are greater than greatest possible being.
Ants are ground foragers, bees are mostly plant eaters and wasps are mostly meat eaters.
Ants are ground up and used as a spread on breads.
Ants are hard to like.
Ants are hard workers that can lift things many times their own body weight .
Ants are hard workers.
Ants are herbivores, fungivores, detritivores and top predators.
Ants are highly adaptable in their nesting habits.
Ants are important in aerating the soil and even in seed dispersal of many wildflowers.
Ants are in a different group from lobsters.
Ants are in a panic again, their scouts jittery and fragile.
Ants are in the latter group.
Ants are incredibly effective and efficient predators and have few limits on their diet.
Ants are industrious little critters.
Ants are industrious.
Ants are insects that live and work in large groups.
Ants are insects.
Ants are known to be formidable adversaries .
Ants are known to domesticate and enslave other insects, such as aphids and other ants.
Ants are known to take a heavy toll of newly hatched nymphs.
Ants are located in beachs.
Ants are located in carpets.
Ants are located in colonies.
Ants are located in cupboards.
Ants are located in fields.
Ants are located in forests.
Ants are located in habitats.
Ants are located in pantries.
Ants are located in parks.
Ants are located in tables.
Ants are located on continents.
Ants are located on earth.
Ants are located on ground.
Ants are located on groups.
Ants are located on wood.
Ants are member of colonies.
Ants are more active in hot weather.
Ants are nature's janitorial staff.
Ants are near.
Ants are neat, clean and often friendly.
Ants are needed to attack herbivores and clip other plants.
Ants are no dummies.
Ants are obviously relentless when it comes to foraging whether it is plant or animal material.
Ants are of extreme importance in the insect world.
Ants are often nuisance pests and just their presence can be upsetting.
Ants are often several times larger.
Ants are omnivores.
Ants are on the move in spring and fall.
Ants are one of the most abundant and easily collected animals.
Ants are one of the most frequent and persistent pests of structures in Kentucky.
Ants are one of the most numerous and industrious insects on the planet.
Ants are our friends, they eat aphids.
Ants are pests.
Ants are placed in one bottle, and a food source is placed in the other bottle.
Ants are predators.
Ants are predatory on weevil eggs and neonate larvae.
Ants are primary prey.
Ants are probably pretty blind, they live in a world of chemical trails.
Ants are probably the most common household pest.
Ants are quite plentiful in the desert biome.
Ants are red-hot over the current drought.
Ants are relatively hard-bodied insects, with high levels of chitin.
Ants are relatively harmless.
Ants are responsible for planting many wildflowers in New England and other areas.
Ants are said to indulge in games and athletic sports and to cany on war.
Ants are scavengers.
Ants are skinny insects.
Ants are small, but they can drink a lot of water depending on their body weight.
Ants are small.
Ants are so crazy about honeydew, they protect the insects from their predators.
Ants are so hardworking and so cool.
Ants are so much like human beings as to be an embarrassment.
Ants are sociable insects that care for their young.
Ants are social animals like bees.
Ants are social insects found worldwide in almost every environment.
Ants are social insects living in colonies comprised of one or a few queens, and many workers.
Ants are social insects living in colonies.
Ants are social insects that are found worldwide and in almost every environment.
Ants are social insects that live in a colony.
Ants are social insects that live in colonies and are some of the most successful insects.
Ants are social insects that live in large groups.
Ants are social insects that live in nests.
Ants are social insects that live in well-organized colonies.
Ants are social insects that typically live in underground colonies, made up of workers and a queen.
Ants are social insects which mean they live together in groups just like bees and wasps.
Ants are social insects, and leaf-cutter ants have one of the most complex social organizations.
Ants are social insects, and most colonies contain three castes - queens, males, and workers.
Ants are social insects, and often live in colonies of thousands or even millions of individuals.
Ants are social insects, living in groups called nests or colonies.
Ants are social insects, which means they live in groups of numerous individuals called colonies.
Ants are social insects.
Ants are social insects.
Ants are some of the most advanced species on earth.
Ants are some of the most fascinating creatures that roam the earth.
Ants are sometimes a problem when farmers sow small pasture seeds.
Ants are strong and can carry things that weigh much more than they do.
Ants are successful because they are social insects often forming complex colonies.
Ants are symbols for virtue and patriotism.
Ants are termites main predator .
Ants are terrestrial insects, poorly adapted to being in the water and they drown quickly.
Ants are the bane of lady beetles.
Ants are the greatest enemies of termites and can sort of ' exclude' termites in some situations.
Ants are the history of social organization and the future of computers.
Ants are the most abundant social insects on the planet.
Ants are the most common pest in New Mexico.
Ants are the most difficult household pests to control.
Ants are the most successful genus on earth.
Ants are the only animal besides humans that farms food.
Ants are the primary animal predators of termites.
Ants are the primary dispersal agents of the seeds.
Ants are the principle prey of some Nepenthes species.
Ants are the simplest of classroom pets.
Ants are the tastiest.
Ants are the undertakers of their world.
Ants are therefore very fond of bugs that can poop large quantities of sugar.
Ants are thin-waisted and have elbowed antennae.
Ants are tireless team workers.
Ants are toward the low end of the scale in that regard, and some, in fact, are totally blind.
Ants are unselfish and sacrifice themselves to benefit the community.
Ants are usually scavengers and detritivores, so fewer nutrients are broken down in the soil.
Ants are usually small , but can carry the weight of twenty ants .
Ants are usually small, but can carry the weight of twenty ants.
Ants are vermins.
Ants are very aggressive and ferociously defend their nest.
Ants are very busy creatures.
Ants are very curious.
Ants are very difficult to control.
Ants are very important insects all around the world, especially in tropical regions.
Ants are very loyal to their own colony, but they can be quite nasty toward outsiders.
Ants are very strong.
Ants are voracious weeders Ants get weeding to rid their gardens of pests.
Ants are warm, dry and aphrodisiac and their acid smell wonderfully enlivens the vital spirits.
Ants are well known for their well-developed systems of communication.
Ants are wonderful creatures.
Ants are, for the most, part one of the best bug feasts.
Ants attack larvae.
Ants attack small larvae.
Ants become household pests.
Ants become nuisances.
Ants become pests.
Ants bite legs.
Ants breathe air.
Ants bring large amounts of dead insects and other materials into their colony.
Ants build and maintain a colony.
Ants build many different types of homes.
Ants build nests either on or in the ground or in trees.
Ants build their homes in all sorts of places.
Ants build their nests in many different locations both inside and outside of buildings.
Ants can actually keep herds of aphids for a supply of the honeydew which is a food source.
Ants can also be a problem.
Ants can appear suddenly.
Ants can attack termite colonies or termite workers looking for food.
Ants can be brown, black or red, winged or wingless, have narrow waists and elbowed antennae.
Ants can be common pests in homes.
Ants can be extremely annoying, especially in the kitchen.
Ants can be helpful or harmful depending on the circumstances.
Ants can be pretty frustrating.
Ants can be red, brown, or black.
Ants can be yellow, brown, red or black.
Ants can become regular visitors to the feeder, too.
Ants can carry fifty times their weight.
Ants can carry heavy food.
Ants can cause high mortalities in some areas of Europe.
Ants can claim impressive navigational skills, too.
Ants can detect just a few parts of their pheromone in a billion parts of air.
Ants can enter and move through a structure through innumerable tiny cracks and openings.
Ants can enter many types of food packaging, particularly once the package has been opened.
Ants can get through the tiniest hole or crack.
Ants can go off the side of the board - they come on again on the opposite side.
Ants can invade walls and erode foundations.
Ants can learn from experience, but most of their activities are based on instinct.
Ants can lift and carry more than fifty times their own weight.
Ants can lift and carry more than three times their own weight.
Ants can lift things much bigger than they are.
Ants can live in tunnels, in the ground, in a mound, or in wood.
Ants can make compost richer in phosphorus and potassium by moving minerals around as they work.
Ants can play an important role in forest ecology.
Ants can survive almost anywhere on earth.
Ants can survive without their heads for a very long period of time.
Ants can talk to each other by touching other ants' antennae.
Ants can taste food with their mouths and with their antennae.
Ants can travel very long distances in search of food, but still come back to their nests.
Ants carry collect and carry seeds.
Ants carry food.
Ants carry genes.
Ants carry it back to the queen and destroys the entire nest.
Ants carry leaves.
Ants carry load.
Ants carry materials.
Ants carry on complex social organizations, building projects, and communications.
Ants carry particles.
Ants carry seeds.
Ants carry the seeds into the bush and if they are dropped in good soil they grow.
Ants carry their food to their nest by the shortest route.
Ants catch food.
Ants cause crop damage.
Ants cause damage.
Ants cause problems.
Ants cause significant damage.
Ants Click the image above for an enlarged and more detailed view.
Ants collect honeydew from aphids .
Ants collect honeydew from aphids.
Ants collect leaves.
Ants collect the eggs of the aphid and tend overwinter in nests.
Ants collect the food.
Ants collect the seeds.
Ants collect vegetation.
Ants come in many colors.
ANTS come in more than twenty household varieties and have many tastes.
Ants come of themselves to the spot where sweets are placed.
Ants commonly enter a structure by following utility lines.
Ants communicate about food, but poorly.
Ants communicate through smells.
Ants communicate with sounds while frogs communicate with chemicals.
Ants communicate with the colony in the form of what is called pheremon trails.
Ants comprise one such class.
Ants comprise three main castes, which have different roles, workers, queens and males.
Ants consume liquids.
Ants consume sweet liquids.
Ants continue to be a problem with no solution.
Ants continue to feed on the eggs and young larvae of flies.
Ants converse with their antennae, having no lungs nor windpipe.
Ants crawl around the tear ducts.
Ants cross barriers.
Ants dance across a desert, carrying a bottle on their backs.
Ants derive from the bee and wasp lineage.
Ants destroy vegetation.
Ants develop a social system that helps keep their population growing.
Ants develop through a complete life cycle of egg, larva, pupa, and adult.
Ants dig soil.
Ants disappear into their maze.
Ants discard seed chaff and other debris onto the nest mound.
Ants disperse seeds of many plants.
Ants disperse the elaiosome-bearing eggs of an african stick insect.
Ants display two rather distinct patterns of nest establishment.
Ants distinguish neighbors from strangers.
Ants do it.
Ants do perform some beneficial functions.
Ants do what they are programmed to do and never question their individuality.
Ants dominate the diet during the dry season, termites during the rainy season.
Ants drink nectar.
Ants eat a wide variety of food, and have a number of interesting ways of getting it.
Ants eat almost anything from seeds to dead animals.
Ants eat and destroy a wide variety of fruit and vegetable crops.
Ants eat food.
Ants eat it and die.
Ants eat leaves, fungi, honey, nectar, small insects and dead animals.
Ants eat liquid from trees.
Ants eat organic matter, although a few are carnivorous eating anything they can drag down.
Ants eat plants, other insects, small seeds, and crumbs that people leave behind.
Ants eat sugary food.
Ants eat the enlarged ends of fungus stalks.
Ants eaten by poison-dart frogs play an essential role in the toxicity of the frogs themselves.
Ants emerge from colonies.
Ants enrich the soil when they process their food.
Ants enter buildings through cracks in foundation walls and interior slabs.
Ants enter houses.
Ants enter the trap and carry food back to the nest.
Ants establish new aphid colonies and ward off natural enemies.
Ants even disperse seeds for some species.
Ants exemplify many behaviors and phenomena which are common to other insect species.
Ants exhibit a range of polymorphisms .
Ants exhibit a range of polymorphisms.
Ants exist in reality v.
Ants feed on a variety of different foods.
Ants feed on a variety of foods including starches, meats, fats and sweets.
Ants feed on a variety of foods.
Ants feed on a wide variety of materials, although certain species show certain preferences.
Ants feed on almost anything consumed by humans.
Ants feed on almost anything, including dead matter.
Ants feed on aphid honey-dew, fungi, seeds, sweets, scraps, other insects and sometimes other ants.
Ants feed on different types of food, including starches, meats, fats, and sweets.
Ants feed on honeydew.
Ants feed on many different types of food.
Ants feed on plants.
Ants feed on seeds.
Ants feed on sugar.
Ants feed on the honeydew produced by aphids.
Ants feed queens.
Ants find a colony of aphids and milk the waste plant sap from the cornicles.
Ants find the fastest routes between food and home base using chemicals called pheromones.
Ants find the source of protein and a traffic pattern develops giving away the location of the nest.
Ants follow an odor trail.
Ants follow different kinds of scent trails.
Ants follow fat.
Ants follow food.
Ants follow leaders.
Ants follow scent trails laid by scout ants to gather food.
Ants follow tracks.
Ants follow wiring and plumbing routes through the structure.
Ants form colonies that vary greatly in size.
Ants form colonies.
Ants form huge colonies.
Ants form large colonies.
Ants form supply columns to relocate valuable items through complex, dynamic environments.
Ants gather cacti seeds to store and eat.
Ants gather up leaves and soil to bury in their subterranean fungal farms.
Ants generally move over open terrain.
Ants generally solve the problem in a very decentralized way.
Ants go marching in a straight line .
Ants go out of here by the thousands.
Ants go to holes.
Ants go to war, so do chimpanzees.
Ants grow their fungi in a compost or manure that is carefully prepared.
Ants guard their eggs and prey.
Ants guide themselves with their scent.
Ants harvest food from treehoppers, while treehoppers gain protection from ants.
Ants harvest materials.
Ants harvest plant materials.
Ants harvest the food.
Ants has-part bellies.
Ants has-part exoskeletons.
Ants has-part eyes.
Ants has-part glands.
Ants has-part jaws.
Ants has-part legs.
Ants has-part mouthparts.
Ants has-part mouths.
Ants has-part organs.
Ants has-part stomachs.
Ants hate it.
Ants hate red chili powder.
Ants hate the scent.
Ants have (part) air sacs.
Ants have (part) brains.
Ants have (part) carapaces.
Ants have (part) cell membranes.
Ants have (part) cells.
Ants have (part) corpi.
Ants have (part) cytoplasm.
Ants have (part) ears.
Ants have (part) faces.
Ants have (part) flight feathers.
Ants have (part) heads.
Ants have (part) nuclei.
Ants have (part) plasma membranes.
Ants have (part) quill feathers.
Ants have (part) sections.
Ants have (part) shells.
Ants have (part) skulls.
Ants have (part) thoraxes.
Ants have (part) vacuoles.
Ants have a complex social structure.
Ants have a constricted waist, while termites have a more straight-sided waist.
Ants have a great amount of importance in the environment.
Ants have a hierarchical order to their colonies that is surprising and fascinating.
Ants have a kind of kiss.
Ants have a much more dispersed seat of intelligence than humans.
Ants have a pinched-in, narrow waist.
Ants have a preference for sweet food, such as juices of fruits, sugar, honey, and honeydew.
Ants have a respiratory system that functions to bring oxygen in and out of the body.
Ants have a sectioned body similar to a yellow jacket.
Ants have a tangy, vinegarlike taste, and scorpions are chewy.
Ants have a variety of prey.
Ants have a very social structure.
Ants have a wasp waste.
Ants have a wide range of nesting habits and food preferences.
Ants have a wide variety of nesting habits and food preferences.
Ants have abdomens.
Ants have ability.
Ants have all the senses that humans have but use different body parts to achieve the same goals.
Ants have an acoustic world of their own.
Ants have an egg, larva, pupa, and adult stage.
Ants have antennas.
Ants have brains.
Ants have characteristics.
Ants have chemical inhibitors in their saliva and anal fluid.
Ants have chewing mouthparts, heavy mandibles suitable for biting, cutting and gnawing.
Ants have colonies almost everywhere on planet Earth .
Ants have colonies almost everywhere on planet Earth.
Ants have colonies.
Ants have diets.
Ants have enemies.
Ants have exoskeletons.
Ants have five noses.
Ants have flexible antennas.
Ants have follow characteristics.
Ants have four distinct growing stages, the egg, larva, pupa and the adult.
Ants have four stages in their life cycle.
Ants have four wings however, two are larger and two are smaller.
Ants have hair on their body and eyes that is called setae.
Ants have heads.
Ants have homes.
Ants have horizontal tunnels.
Ants have jaws.
Ants have large colonies.
Ants have large heads with compound eyes, elbowed antennae and powerful jaws.
Ants have large heads with compound eyes, elbowed antennae, and powerful jaws.
Ants have large heads, elbowed antennaes, powerful jaws and segmented bodies.
Ants have legs.
Ants have lots of glands for producing chemicals.
Ants have mandibles.
Ants have narrow, wasp-like waists, while termites have broad waists.
Ants have one of the largest brains of all insects.
Ants have one wing larger than the other.
Ants have pillow fights.
Ants have plain old infantry hardhats.
Ants have powerful jaws.
Ants have queens.
Ants have remarkable ability.
Ants have reproductive castes, the queens and males, and nonreproductive castes, the workers.
Ants have rudimentary email already.
Ants have six legs, and each leg has three joints.
Ants have small colonies.
Ants have strong mandibles and can bite.
Ants have such different behavior and biology from roaches.
Ants have the ability to take over a nest of a different organism by several means.
Ants have thin waists and elbowed antennae.
Ants have thoraxes.
Ants have three body parts and six legs.
Ants have three castes, namely queens, males and workers.
Ants have three distinct body parts.
Ants have three pairs of legs, all originating in the thorax.
Ants have tiny brains.
Ants have tunnels.
Ants have two castes, the worker and the reproductive.
Ants have two sets of jaws.
Ants have two stomachs, one for taking food back to the colony and the other for themselves.
Ants have two stomachs.
Ants have vary diets.
Ants have very complicated bodies.
Ants have vision.
Ants have wings which are unequal in length and generally end at the tip of the abdomen.
Ants have workers.
Ants have years.
Ants help ants.
Ants help colonies.
Ants help create soil and keep it fertile.
Ants help to keep the enviroments free of rotting material.
Ants here are hard to beat.
Ants holding food are usually on a path back to the nest.
Ants infest structures.
Ants invade fields.
Ants invade gardens.
Ants invade homes.
Ants invade kitchens.
Ants invade lawns.
Ants invade the home to forage for food or seek shelter or both.
Ants is also Estonian first name.
Ants kill insects.
Ants kill other insects.
Ants kill vegetation.
Ants know instinctively that winter is coming, so they take advantage of the warmer weather.
Ants known as soldier ants tend to be protectors, often protecting their smaller counterparts.
Ants lay eggs.
Ants lay trails of pheromone so they can follow paths to food sources or battle zones.
Ants leap for safety from branches when birds are around.
Ants leave a pheromone trail so that they know where they've been.
Ants leave behind pheromones to mark a fast trail to an unsuspecting group of picnickers.
Ants leave chemicals trails so that others can find the bait.
Ants like to east small bread crumbs, or bread dipped in sugar water or with a drop of honey.
Ants like to farm aphids, whitefly, scale, and mealybug.
Ants like to follow aphids around because they secrete a sweetish substance known as honey dew.
Ants Line up arrow on body with center mark on lift tab.
Ants live for fifteen to twenty years.
Ants live for months.
ANTS live in a large group called a colony .
Ants live in areas.
Ants live in colonies.
Ants live in communities, sometimes as large as one-half million individuals.
Ants live in communities.
Ants live in dark places.
Ants live in earth.
Ants live in gardens.
Ants live in grass.
Ants live in grassland.
Ants live in ground.
Ants live in groups.
Ants live in houses.
Ants live in landscapes.
Ants live in large colonies and burrow in the soil to build their nests.
Ants live in large colonies.
Ants live in large colonies.
Ants live in mounds.
Ants live in places.
Ants live in regions.
Ants live in societies.
Ants live in soil and sand, which requires powerful claws for digging.
Ants live in soil.
Ants live in the palace.
Ants live in urban areas.
Ants live on earth.
Ants live on ground.
Ants live on hills.
Ants live on plants.
Ants live on some acacia trees and protect the trees from plant-eating insects.
Ants live on the forest floor.
Ants live practically everywhere but are most abundant in warm climates.
Ants live together in a colony.
Ants live underground in an ant colony.
Ants live underground in colonies.
Ants locate food by random searching.
Ants Locate the place of entry and squeeze some lemon juice on it.
Ants look for food indoors.
Ants looking for food are the white, while ants carrying food are the green dots on the screen.
Ants loosen the soil.
Ants love nectar.
Ants love sugar.
Ants love sugar.
Ants love to invade a mealybug culture if they can find a way into a cage and they usually do.
Ants make burrows.
Ants make colonies.
Ants make groups.
Ants make hills.
Ants make holes.
Ants make routes.
Ants make structures.
Ants match as they march.
Ants meet each other, separate, go about their business.
Ants move legs.
Ants move soil.
Ants naturally strive for a balanced diet to optimize the growth of the colony.
Ants need food.
Ants nesting within the school, especially Carpenter ants, require a response decision.
Ants never give up.
Ants never rest, or so it seems.
Ants never sleep.
Ants normally form colonies with only one nest and one queen.
Ants occupy both primary and secondary trophic levels of the food chain.
Ants occur in colonies.
Ants occur in countries.
Ants occur in ground.
Ants occur in habitats.
Ants occur worldwide but are especially common in hot climates.
Ants only come into houses for the purpose of finding food, warmth and shelter.
Ants organize against pushy grasshoppers in an animated tale of inter-insect conflict.
Ants outnumber humans at a rate of a million to one.
Ants pass messages while they pass food.
Ants perceive their world primarily through their antennae.
Ants perform duties.
Ants perform jobs.
Ants perform other duties.
Ants pick up pieces.
Ants play an important part in natures population control.
Ants play an important role in the environment.
Ants play an important role in the success of aphids.
Ants possess a painful sting when attacked, so Anteaters have to eat quickly.
Ants possess bodies.
Ants possess bottoms.
Ants possess food.
Ants possess fronts.
Ants possess leaders.
Ants possess segments.
Ants possess societies.
Ants possess waste.
Ants prefer colonies.
Ants prefer environments.
Ants prefer ground.
Ants prefer sugar.
Ants protect aphids from lady bugs so they can harvest the honeydew.
Ants prove that socialism works.
Ants provide food for birds like chickadees, woodpeckers and blue jays.
Ants provide food for birds, other insects, and mammals.
Ants provide fungus with leaves and protection from pathogens while fungus provides ants with food.
Ants range in color from yellow to brown to red to black.
Ants really cause little harm and are fun to watch.
Ants really put elbow grease into it when they hurl bombs.
Ants receive food.
Ants relate to ants.
Ants relate to insects.
Ants release many different chemicals.
Ants release only a combined waste, mostly dry.
Ants release pheromone.
Ants rely on teamwork to thrive and survive.
Ants remember a food trail by the location of landmarks along the way.
Ants require carbohydrates-sugars, proteins and greases.
Ants require food.
Ants require holes.
Ants require homes.
Ants require nests.
Ants require oxygen.
Ants rest on plants.
Ants return to colonies.
Ants return to ground.
Ants return to habitats.
Ants return to holes.
Ants return to homes.
Ants return to nests.
Ants rule the earth.
Ants rule the jungle.
Ants run fast Because the elephant is slow.
Ants seek habitats.
Ants seek plants.
Ants seek tracks.
Ants seem like a logical target group.
Ants seem to be their major food source.
Ants seem to be walking around without any plan.
Ants seem to capture the interest and imagination of kids readily and frequently.
Ants serve their queen selflessly rather than always seeking their own ends.
Ants share environments.
Ants show a highly developed social organization and complex behavior patterns.
Ants sleep frequently and are often quite lazy.
Ants start the same cycle all over again.
Ants starts bouncing up and down looking dumber than usual.
Ants steal food.
Ants sting creatures.
Ants sting sting creatures.
Ants stretch when they wake up in the morning.
Ants stretch when they wake up.
Ants supposedly herd and protect aphids like cattle.
Ants swallow food.
Ants swallow liquids.
Ants swarm the cold, greasy plate.
Ants swarming the pile are a symptom of too little water.
Ants take seeds down into their tunnel to eat the nutritious elaiosomes that are part of the seed.
Ants take small quantities of bait back to their nest to share with their nest mates.
Ants take the mix back to their colony, which is then destroyed.
Ants taste and smell a substance that evaporates off the chemical laid down by another ant.
Ants taste like water.
Ants tend to come in dark or earth tones.
Ants tend to live in large groups called colonies.
Ants tend to turn in the direction of higher pheromone concentration.
Ants then disperse the seeds.
Ants then ingest the borate while grooming.
Ants Think of household ants as a tiny, well-organized army in search of food and water.
Ants thrive in coastal regions.
Ants thrive in mild coastal regions.
Ants thrive in regions.
Ants thus continue in a straight line through regions between piles.
Ants too play an important role since they heard many sucking creatures around from plant to plant.
Ants touch their antennae to communicate.
Ants trail or nest under the plastic film.
Ants travel directly between farms by spiral stairs and connecting tubes.
Ants turn and aerate the soil, allowing water and oxygen to reach plant roots.
Ants typically swarm during the day and termites at dusk.
Ants undergo complete metamorphosis, passing through egg, larval, pupal, and adult stages.
Ants use an invisible trail to guide their colony to another location.
Ants use body heat.
Ants use chemical clues and simple behaviors to accomplish their goals.
Ants use chemicals to communicate and work with each other.
Ants Use cinnamon, cream of tartar, or red chili powder to hinder entry.
Ants use comb-like structures on their legs to clean their antennae.
Ants use energy to carry objects many times their size.
Ants use heat.
Ants use large mandibles.
Ants use mandibles.
Ants use pheromone.
Ants use pheromones for more than just reproduction.
Ants use pheromones to mark trails.
Ants use random numbers to direct their motion, and also to direct their actions.
Ants use receptors on their antennae to follow recruitment pheromone trails.
Ants use scouts to locate food.
Ants use several forms of communication.
Ants Use talcum powder or chalk as a barrier.
Ants use the mandibles to grasp food, and the maxillae to process solid food.
Ants use their antennae to smell, touch and communicate with other ants.
Ants use their diminutive size to their advantage.
Ants use their mouths for weapons.
Ants use touch to communicate.
Ants use trails.
Ants walkon the ground and get dust on their bodies andcarry the insecticide into the mound.
Ants work together to battle a deadly fungus by diluting the infection across the colony.
Ants work underground.
Ants always live in societies known as colonies.
Ants always put their families first.
Ants always show a trust in the universe.
Ants frequently forage in kitchens, pantries, and other food storage areas.
Ants frequently travel over branches into a building.
Ants often build their colonies in soil, under rocks and decaying logs, and in dead wood.
Ants often live on trumpet vine and are sometimes found objectionable by gardeners.
Ants often nest in hollow areas such as behind walls or under the false bottom of cabinets.
Ants often tend or care for aphids in return for the honeydew.
Ants sometimes find their way to the nectar.
Ants sometimes herd or tend to insects of other species, like aphids or leafhoppers.
Ants usually enter buildings in search of food and water.
Ants usually fly in the heat of a late summer's day.
Ants usually have a swollen area called the metapleural gland lateral and ventral to the thorax.
All ants are either highly eusocial or are parasites on other ants.
All ants are eusocial.
All ants are social insects in which the adults are specialized to perform various tasks.
All ants are social, which means they live in organized colonies.
All ants have a constricted abdomen and they range in color from yellow to black.
All ants have three body parts, a pair of , elbowed antennae, six legs and a pinched waist.
All ants implement an algorithm for routing information.
All ants live in colonies.
All ants live in groups called colonies and depend on each other for the survival of the group.
All ants live in societies and exhibit reproductive division of labor.
Every ant has a job to do.
Many ants also bite.
Many ants also feed on honeydew, a sweet liquid produced by aphids and scale insects.
Many ants build simple little mounds out of dirt or sand.
Many ants carry seven times their body weight.
Many ants eat a sweet fluid, called honeydew, that is excreted by aphids.
Many ants eat other insects.
Many ants even harvest the honeydew directly from the aphids .
Many ants even harvest the honeydew directly from the aphids.
Many ants exhibit parental care, carrying food to their larvae, and cleaning and guarding nests.
Many ants have a natural aversion to cucumber.
Many ants have no sting at all, while other have only mild stings.
Many ants live as temporary or permanent social parasites in the colonies of other ant species.
Many ants maintain fungus gardens on compost, using a fungus found nowhere else.
Most ants adapt to conditions.
Most ants adapt to environments.
Most ants adapt to nighttime conditions.
Most ants are black, brown, red, or yellow.
Most ants are harmless.
Most ants are located in habitats.
Most ants are located on continents.
Most ants are located on earth.
Most ants are located on ground.
Most ants are located on groups.
Most ants are located on wood.
Most ants are medium sized and forage for food.
Most ants are member of colonies.
Most ants are only a nuisance pest and can be controlled easily with minimum treatment.
Most ants are primarily a nuisance and cause little damage.
Most ants are wingless and known as workers.
Most ants are wingless workers.
Most ants attack small larvae.
Most ants become household pests.
Most ants become nuisances.
Most ants become pests.
Most ants build some sort of nest and store food there.
Most ants build their nests in the soil outdoors.
Most ants build their nests outdoors in soil.
Most ants carry food.
Most ants carry genes.
Most ants carry leaves.
Most ants carry load.
Most ants carry materials.
Most ants carry particles.
Most ants carry seeds.
Most ants catch food.
Most ants cause crop damage.
Most ants cause damage.
Most ants cause problems.
Most ants cause significant damage.
Most ants collect leaves.
Most ants collect vegetation.
Most ants consume liquids.
Most ants consume sweet liquids.
Most ants cross barriers.
Most ants destroy vegetation.
Most ants dig soil.
Most ants drink nectar.
Most ants eat a wide variety of foods, although some have specialized tastes.
Most ants eat food.
Most ants eat sugary food.
Most ants emerge from colonies.
Most ants enter houses.
Most ants establish new colonies through swarming.
Most ants establish new nests by swarming to mate.
Most ants feed either on sugars or on protein, fats, or oils.
Most ants feed on plants.
Most ants feed on seeds.
Most ants feed on sugar.
Most ants feed on the same foods that humans do.
Most ants feed queens.
Most ants follow food.
Most ants follow leaders.
Most ants follow tracks.
Most ants form huge colonies.
Most ants form large colonies.
Most ants go to holes.
Most ants has-part bellies.
Most ants has-part exoskeletons.
Most ants has-part eyes.
Most ants has-part glands.
Most ants has-part jaws.
Most ants has-part legs.
Most ants has-part mouthparts.
Most ants has-part mouths.
Most ants has-part organs.
Most ants has-part stomachs.
Most ants have abdomens.
Most ants have ability.
Most ants have antennas.
Most ants have brains.
Most ants have characteristics.
Most ants have colonies.
Most ants have diets.
Most ants have exoskeletons.
Most ants have flexible antennas.
Most ants have heads.
Most ants have homes.
Most ants have horizontal tunnels.
Most ants have jaws.
Most ants have large colonies.
Most ants have legs.
Most ants have mandibles.
Most ants have powerful jaws.
Most ants have queens.
Most ants have remarkable ability.
Most ants have small colonies.
Most ants have thoraxes.
Most ants have three such eyes on the vertex of the cranium, placed in a triangle.
Most ants have tiny brains.
Most ants have tunnels.
Most ants have very poor eyesight.
Most ants have vision.
Most ants have well-developed jaws and can bite when disturbed.
Most ants have workers.
Most ants have years.
Most ants help ants.
Most ants help colonies.
Most ants invade fields.
Most ants invade gardens.
Most ants invade homes.
Most ants invade kitchens.
Most ants invade lawns.
Most ants kill insects.
Most ants kill other insects.
Most ants kill vegetation.
Most ants live for months.
Most ants live in areas.
Most ants live in colonies.
Most ants live in communities.
Most ants live in dark places.
Most ants live in earth.
Most ants live in gardens.
Most ants live in grass.
Most ants live in grassland.
Most ants live in ground.
Most ants live in groups.
Most ants live in houses.
Most ants live in landscapes.
Most ants live in large colonies.
Most ants live in mounds.
Most ants live in places.
Most ants live in regions.
Most ants live in societies.
Most ants live in soil.
Most ants live in urban areas.
Most ants live near bathrooms, kitchens, foundation cracks or leaky roof joints.
Most ants live on earth.
Most ants live on ground.
Most ants live on hills.
Most ants live on plants.
Most ants love nectar.
Most ants love sugar.
Most ants make burrows.
Most ants make colonies.
Most ants make groups.
Most ants make hills.
Most ants make holes.
Most ants make routes.
Most ants make structures.
Most ants move legs.
Most ants move soil.
Most ants nest outside the house in the soil or adjacent to the soil under various objects.
Most ants occur in colonies.
Most ants occur in countries.
Most ants occur in ground.
Most ants occur in habitats.
Most ants perform duties.
Most ants perform jobs.
Most ants perform other duties.
Most ants pick up pieces.
Most ants possess bodies.
Most ants possess bottoms.
Most ants possess food.
Most ants possess fronts.
Most ants possess leaders.
Most ants possess segments.
Most ants possess societies.
Most ants possess waste.
Most ants prefer colonies.
Most ants prefer environments.
Most ants prefer ground.
Most ants prefer sugar.
Most ants produce a new generation each year .
Most ants produce a new generation each year.
Most ants receive food.
Most ants relate to ants.
Most ants relate to insects.
Most ants release pheromone.
Most ants require food.
Most ants require holes.
Most ants require homes.
Most ants require nests.
Most ants require oxygen.
Most ants rest on plants.
Most ants return to colonies.
Most ants return to ground.
Most ants return to habitats.
Most ants return to holes.
Most ants return to homes.
Most ants return to nests.
Most ants seek habitats.
Most ants seek plants.
Most ants seek tracks.
Most ants share environments.
Most ants spend a lot of time fighting their own species.
Most ants steal food.
Most ants swarm during spring and late summer.
Most ants thrive in coastal regions.
Most ants thrive in mild coastal regions.
Most ants thrive in regions.
Most ants use body heat.
Most ants use heat.
Most ants use large mandibles.
Most ants use mandibles.
Most ants use pheromone.
Most ants use trails.
Some ants also eat seeds of native plants.
Some ants also gather and feed on weed seeds, thereby helping to reduce problems with weeds.
Some ants appear in colonies.
Some ants appear in habitats.
Some ants appear in orchards.
Some ants are even more resourceful.
Some ants are fully blind and many have great vision.
Some ants are important enemies of insect pests.
Some ants are inside houses.
Some ants are inside kitchens.
Some ants are inside trees.
Some ants are inside tubes.
Some ants are known as soldiers.
Some ants are located in buildings.
Some ants are located in kitchens.
Some ants are located in nests.
Some ants are located in vegetation.
Some ants are located on Africa.
Some ants are located on environments.
Some ants are located on gardens.
Some ants are located on holes.
Some ants are located on homes.
Some ants are located on houses.
Some ants are located on islands.
Some ants are located on Kentucky.
Some ants are located on structures.
Some ants are member of families.
Some ants are very susceptible to baits, some are less so.
Some ants are workers, whereas others are slackers.
Some ants attack predators.
Some ants avoid people.
Some ants bite herbivores.
Some ants bite humans.
Some ants bite intruders.
Some ants bite people.
Some ants can be a nuisance by biting people and pets.
Some ants can carry objects up to fifty times their weight.
Some ants can cause damage to plants indirectly, however.
Some ants can fire an acid fluid from their rear ends.
Some ants can lift prey up to seven times as big as they are.
Some ants carry caterpillars.
Some ants carry fragments.
Some ants carry grain.
Some ants carry larvae.
Some ants carry parasites.
Some ants carry rice.
Some ants cause crops.
Some ants chew wood.
Some ants collect food.
Some ants collect fruit.
Some ants collect pieces.
Some ants collect seeds.
Some ants come into contact.
Some ants construct turrets.
Some ants consume fungi.
Some ants cross tracks.
Some ants damage wooden structures, and others undermine slabs or patio stones.
Some ants defend homes.
Some ants depend on food.
Some ants depend on fungi.
Some ants deposit earth on the soil surface when they construct the nest.
Some ants destroy eggs.
Some ants destroy plants.
Some ants destroy wood.
Some ants dig earth.
Some ants do have teeth.
Some ants do have wings, but there two more body features only ants have.
Some ants eat animals.
Some ants eat cakes.
Some ants eat crickets.
Some ants eat diets.
Some ants eat eggs.
Some ants eat harmful insects .
Some ants eat herbivorous insects.
Some ants eat insects.
Some ants eat materials.
Some ants eat mole crickets.
Some ants eat other insects.
Some ants eat plant leaves.
Some ants eat pupas.
Some ants eat rubber trees.
Some ants eat sugar.
Some ants eat trees.
Some ants eat vegetables.
Some ants eat wood.
Some ants emerge from burrows.
Some ants emerge from nests.
Some ants emerge from sand.
Some ants enslave ants of other species which gather food or even feed their captors.
Some ants enter buildings.
Some ants enter California.
Some ants enter cotton.
Some ants enter cracks.
Some ants enter homes.
Some ants enter kitchens.
Some ants enter larval stages.
Some ants enter nests.
Some ants enter soil.
Some ants enter stages.
Some ants enter structures.
Some ants enter wood.
Some ants even grow fungus in special gardens inside their nests.
Some ants feed in trees.
Some ants feed on fruit.
Some ants feed on gall midges.
Some ants feed on liquids.
Some ants feed on meat.
Some ants feed on midges.
Some ants feed on nectar.
Some ants feed on proteins.
Some ants feed on rich nectar.
Some ants feed on the sugar excreted by the aphids.
Some ants follow definite trails.
Some ants form hills around their external openings.
Some ants form unsightly hills around the opening of their nests.
Some ants get suppers.
Some ants give birth to ants.
Some ants go to gardens.
Some ants harvest grain.
Some ants have an eye composed of only one facet.
Some ants have ants.
Some ants have 'armies' and are very organized into causing a lot of damage, and consequent fear.
Some ants have babies.
Some ants have big impact.
Some ants have chemicals.
Some ants have deadly sting.
Some ants have devastate impact.
Some ants have distinct effects.
Some ants have eat ants.
Some ants have effects.
Some ants have eyes.
Some ants have glands.
Some ants have guides.
Some ants have impact.
Some ants have muscles.
Some ants have no eyes.
Some ants have nodes.
Some ants have opposite effects.
Some ants have poison sacs.
Some ants have quality.
Some ants have quills.
Some ants have researchers.
Some ants have roles.
Some ants have sacs.
Some ants have sex.
Some ants have single nodes.
Some ants have slight variation.
Some ants have stingers.
Some ants have stings, and some can spray poison from the end of the abdomen.
Some ants have survival techniques.
Some ants have techniques.
Some ants have time.
Some ants have variation.
Some ants hear sound.
Some ants help in the spreading of seeds.
Some ants invade bathrooms.
Some ants invade cabins.
Some ants invade dishes.
Some ants invade food dishes.
Some ants invade houses.
Some ants invade nests.
Some ants invade picnics.
Some ants invade structures.
Some ants invade villages.
Some ants invade worlds.
Some ants kill ants.
Some ants kill crabs.
Some ants kill red crabs.
Some ants leave ant colonies.
Some ants leave colonies.
Some ants leave scent trails that others can follow to the food source.
Some ants live for decades.
Some ants live for many years.
Some ants live for years.
Some ants live in acacias.
Some ants live in association with root-feeding aphids, which also injure grass.
Some ants live in cavities made inside plants, such as acorns, twigs, and galls.
Some ants live in countries.
Some ants live in deserts.
Some ants live in dry deserts.
Some ants live in fields.
Some ants live in forests.
Some ants live in habitats.
Some ants live in hills.
Some ants live in homes.
Some ants live in Kentucky.
Some ants live in lawns.
Some ants live in nests.
Some ants live in the ground, others inside dead trees.
Some ants live in trees.
Some ants live on continents.
Some ants lose ability.
Some ants love fruit.
Some ants make a living as ranchers.
Some ants make compounds.
Some ants make homes.
Some ants make houses.
Some ants make mounds.
Some ants make nests.
Some ants move sand.
Some ants occur in fields.
Some ants occur in Florida.
Some ants occur in forests.
Some ants occur in gardens.
Some ants occur in houses.
Some ants occur in lawns.
Some ants occur in parks.
Some ants occur in regions.
Some ants occur in trees.
Some ants occur in woodlands.
Some ants pick up objects.
Some ants pose threats.
Some ants possess antennas.
Some ants possess cells.
Some ants possess eggs.
Some ants possess leaves.
Some ants possess nests.
Some ants possess proteins.
Some ants possess structures.
Some ants possess venom.
Some ants possess wings.
Some ants prefer houses.
Some ants prefer to take cover underneath rocks, which can also provide warmth.
Some ants prefer trees.
Some ants provide nutrients.
Some ants provide protection.
Some ants provide services.
Some ants pull leaves.
Some ants pull prey.
Some ants receive substances.
Some ants relate to colonies.
Some ants require nectar.
Some ants require water.
Some ants rest on trees.
Some ants return to environments.
Some ants return to gardens.
Some ants seek food.
Some ants seek homes.
Some ants seek nectar.
Some ants share habitats.
Some ants sit in gardens.
Some ants sit in sand.
Some ants squirt a stinky fluid at their enemies.
Some ants squirt formic acid from the end of their abdomen into the wound.
Some ants suck nectar.
Some ants swim in water.
Some ants take food.
Some ants take places.
Some ants undergo complete metamorphosis.
Some ants undergo metamorphosis.
Some ants use dungs.
Some ants use materials.
Some ants use poison.
Some ants use their stings to lay odour trails which recruits other workers to a food source.
Some ants use waste materials.
Some ants visit cacti.
Some ants visit flowers.
Some ants visit locations.
Antacid pills are another major source, as are other medicines and foods.
Antacid preparations can help to relieve heartburn.
Some antacid preparations relieve symptoms by forming a layer on top of the stomach contents.
Antacid tablets are made from the mineral calcite .
Antacid tablets used to work now they dont.
An antacid is an agent
Antacid can stop captopril working.
Antacid can stop doxycycline working.
Antacid isa entity.
Antacids actually slow down or even stop the digestive process and give only temporary relief.
Antacids alone are a billion dollar industry.
Antacids are agents.
Antacids are another perfectly good treatment for ulcers.
Antacids are fast-acting.
Antacids are fine and help with heartburn.
Antacids are one of mankind's oldest friends.
Antacids are particularly useful for rapidly relieving heartburn symptoms.
Antacids are the main temporary relievers of heartburn treatment.
Antacids are useful for the temporary relief of occasional indigestion and heartburn.
Antacids are useful.
Antacids are usually available in pharmacies and even grocery stores.
Antacids can affect bowel movements, so be certain to read the label before use.
Antacids can also impair the absorption of minerals.
Antacids can also mask other possible problems like esophageal ulcers.
Antacids can be a big source.
Antacids can be helpful.
Antacids can cause constipation or diarrhea.
Antacids can effect bowel movements, so be certain to read the label before use.
Antacids can increase or decrease the speed at which some medications are eliminated from the body.
Antacids can interact with a number of drugs in the intestines by reducing their absorption.
Antacids can often bring relief.
Antacids can slightly decrease nizatidine absorption.
Antacids come in several forms, including tablets, liquid and caplets.
Antacids containing calcium carbonate are inexpensive and easily absorbed if taken with a meal.
Antacids decrease blood levels and decrease the effect of sulindac.
Antacids Decreases vitamin-E absorption.
Antacids differ in how quickly they work and how long they provide relief.
Antacids do interact with or prevent the absorption of many medications.
Antacids do most of their work in the stomach.
Antacids essentially work by increasing the pH of the very acidic stomach acid.
Antacids help people who have or get heartburn.
Antacids help somewhat.
Antacids increase slightly the absorption of chromium through the wall of the intestine.
Antacids increase the rate of absorption of pseudoephedrine, while kaolin decreases it.
Antacids interact with stomach HCl to create sludge as well as diminish digestive action.
Antacids interfere with many drugs.
Antacids make the gastrointestinal tract less acidic, which impairs absorption.
Antacids neutralise excess stomach acid and help relieve indigestion.
Antacids neutralize acid that the stomach makes.
Antacids neutralize existing acid to provide short-term relief.
Antacids neutralize some portion of the gastric acid but they work for only a brief period of time.
Antacids neutralize some stomach acid and provide short term relief.
Antacids neutralize stomach acid and work rapidly.
Antacids neutralize stomach acid, which can ease discomfort.
Antacids neutralize the acid in the stomach.
Antacids neutralize the gastric acid, while other drugs block or decrease gastric acid production.
Antacids neutralize the the very strong acid in the stomach by chemically combining with it.
Antacids only postpone the long term problems that arise from improper digestion.
Antacids only postpone the long-term problems that arise from improper digestion.
Antacids provide excellent relief of persistent symptoms.
Antacids provide immediate relief of symptoms by neutralising the excess acid secreted.
Antacids provide partial relief.
Antacids reduce stomach acids that kill bacteria.
Antacids reduce the stomach acids that kill bacteria.
Antacids relieve heartburn and indigestion.
Antacids relieve symptoms.
Antacids taken regularly can neutralize acid in the esophagus and stomach and stop heartburn.
Antacids taken regularly can neutralize the acid in the esophagus and stop heartburn.
Antacids work by neutralizing excess acid in the stomach.
Antacids work by neutralizing the excess stomach acid that causes pain.
Antacids sometimes help, especially if heartburn is part of the problem.
Antacids usually bring quick relief.
Antacids usually provide at least temporary or partial relief.
Antacids usually relieve the pain.
All antacids are bases.
Many antacids contain lots of salt, which can elevate blood pressure.
Most antacids are safe.
Most antacids produce only minor side effects, especially if they are used infrequently.
Some antacids also contain aspirin and caffeine.
Some antacids also contain mint oils for flavor.
Some antacids contain a base-type chemical compound.
Some antacids contain simethicone, an ingredient that helps get rid of stomach gas.
Some antacids contain sodium, which can cause fluid build up in body tissues during pregnancy.
Some antacids contain sodium, which can cause fluid buildup in body tissues during pregnancy.
Some antacids have a lot of calcium carbonate.
Antagonism exists between the two groups.
Antagonism forms the basis for antidotes of poisonings.
Antagonism is a state
Antagonism is essential to man's greatest efforts.
Antagonism is hostilities.
Antagonism is much more common when trying the manage drought stressed annual grasses.
Antagonism is opposition.
Antagonism is the opposite term to it.
Antagonism leads to shotgun blasts.
Antagonism reigns supreme.
Antagonisms always arise among children in the schoolhouse.
All antagonisms are complementary.
Antagonist muscles are the muscle or muscles that can slow down or stop a movement.
Antagonist muscles assist in joint stabilization.
An antagonist is a person
Antagonists are capable of needles.
Antagonists are chemical agents which work against a certain kind of response.
Antagonists are drugs which block the action of a chemical or drug.
Antagonists are drugs.
Antagonists are most effective when the local concentration of an agonist is high.
Antagonists are muscles that oppose or reverse the action of a prime mover.
Antagonists are potentially very safe, because they are very specific.
Antagonists block the action of hormones and neurotransmitters.
Antagonists can be just as inquisitive and pushy.
Antagonists Let's do dopamine first.
Antagonists normally have reasoning for committing acts of evil.
Antagonists normally relax while agonists contract.
Antagonists oppose change no matter how small simply because it is change.
Antagonistic activity appears to be associated with the chitinase.
Antagonistic muscles are muscles that work against one another.
Antagonistic selection can occur in different life stages.
Antagonistic signals cancel.
Antagonistic surrounds serve to concentrate things.
Antalgic gait is more difficult to recognize if it is bilateral or central.
Antarctic animals are exposed to some of the coldest environments on earth.
Antarctic animals live along the coast of the continent.
Many Antarctic animals have either a windproof or waterproof coat.
Antarctic astronomy has tremendous potential as an exciting new endeavour for our country.
Antarctic fish can look very strange.
Antarctic fungi survive months.
Many Antarctic icebergs are fragments which have broken off coastal ice shelves.
Some Antarctic icebergs have salt-water ice frozen on the bottom.
Most Antarctic insects live under rocks and stones in the soil and among lichens.
Antarctic krill are considered the greatest under-tapped biological resource in the ocean today.
Antarctic krill are found in the seas surrounding the peninsula and the rest of the continent.
Antarctic krill are one of the most abundant and successful animal species on Earth.
Antarctic krill are very popular in the world.
Antarctic krill can scrape off the green lawn of ice-algae from the underside of the pack ice .
Antarctic krill forms dense concentrations, called swarms, during the Antarctic summer.
Antarctic krill graze the algae along the underside of sea ice.
Antarctic krill is one of the most abundant and successful animal species on the planet.
Antarctic krill is one of the most abundant animal species on the planet.
Antarctic krill is the key species for marine food web chain in the Antarctic waters.
Antarctic nations give strong support to space weather studies.
Antarctic ozone reaches lowest levels.
Antarctic penguins have very special requirements for feeding and breeding.
Antarctic penguins swim, walk, and toboggan from feeding grounds to rookeries.
Some antarctic regions contain ice.
Some antarctic regions contain polar ice.
Antarctic science is crucial for understanding how the Earth operates as a global system.
Antarctic seals have homes.
Most antarctic seals have homes.
Some antarctic seals have dark fur.
Some antarctic seals have fur.
Antarctic species lack vegetation and line their nests with stones.
Antarctic stations remain staffed through the winter months for two main reasons.
Antarctic storms can blow up quickly, pinning field teams down until the blizzard relents.
Antarctic storms can come out of nowhere, and are quite dangerous.
Antarctic terns live on fish and krill that they catch on the surface or by diving into the ocean.
All Antarctic travelers stop there to pick up U.S. government-issued clothing.
Antarctic waters are of course usually filled with varying degrees of ice.
Antarctic weather can deteriorate rapidly.
Antarctic weather is incredibly complicated to predict.
Most Antarctic wildlife face the cold successfully.
Antarctica isa thing.
Antbirds tend to mate for life.
Ante is a bet
Antes siempre, despues siempre y para siempre.
Antes start at the fourth level.
An anteater is a mammal
Anteater isa mammal.
Anteaters also eat ants, hence their name.
Anteaters also have an obvious white stripe on their front shoulder.
Anteaters also roam the ground looking for food.
Anteaters are also a good example.
Anteaters are also good swimmers, using the freestyle stroke and with their long snout as a snorkel.
Anteaters are expert in licking ants and termites.
Anteaters are found in Central and South America, where they prefer tropical forests and grasslands.
Anteaters are generally solitary animals, except during the mating season.
Anteaters are generally solitary animals.
Anteaters are good swimmers and tree climbers.
Anteaters are known as anteaters.
Anteaters are mammals so they breath through there nostrils and into their lungs.
Anteaters are mammals.
Anteaters are nature's suction pumps.
Anteaters are quiet and uncomplicated.
Anteaters are regarded as being similar to armadillos.
Anteaters are solitary in nature.
Anteaters are solitary mammals.
Anteaters are the only mammals to have no teeth.
Anteaters are warmbloodedNo.
Anteaters avoid anteater-eating ants, most likely because the whole goddamn food chain .
Anteaters can also use their tails to hold onto branches when moving through trees.
Anteaters climb trees.
Anteaters drink by licking wet plants.
Anteaters eat ants and termites .
Anteaters eat ants and termites.
Anteaters eat ants.
Anteaters eat diets.
Anteaters eat hundreds of ants every day .
Anteaters eat hundreds of ants every day.
Anteaters eat insects.
Anteaters eat termites.
Anteaters features a diorama showing an anteater feeding on a termite mound.
Anteaters feed almost exclusively on termites, ants and soft-bodied grubs.
Anteaters feed mainly on ants and termites.
Anteaters feed on ants.
Anteaters finish off exhibition play undefeated by beating Lithuania.
Anteaters forage for food.
Anteaters generally build their habitats near streams or lakes.
Anteaters have (part) brains.
Anteaters have (part) breasts.
Anteaters have (part) cell membranes.
Anteaters have (part) cells.
Anteaters have (part) chest cavities.
Anteaters have (part) chests.
Anteaters have (part) corpi.
Anteaters have (part) cytoplasm.
Anteaters have (part) ears.
Anteaters have (part) faces.
Anteaters have (part) heads.
Anteaters have (part) nuclei.
Anteaters have (part) pedal extremities.
Anteaters have (part) piluses.
Anteaters have (part) plasma membranes.
Anteaters have (part) rib cages.
Anteaters have (part) sections.
Anteaters have (part) skulls.
Anteaters have (part) sterna.
Anteaters have (part) vacuoles.
Anteaters have (part) vertebrate feet.
Anteaters have bushy tails.
Anteaters have faces.
Anteaters have generally poor hearing and eyesight, but a very good sense of smell .
Anteaters have interaction.
Anteaters have long tongues.
Anteaters have long tube-like mouths with no teeth.
Anteaters have mouths.
Anteaters have natural predators.
Anteaters have no teeth.
Anteaters have poor sight.
Anteaters have predators.
Anteaters have preference.
Anteaters have prehensile tails.
Anteaters have ribs.
Anteaters have sight.
Anteaters have tails.
Anteaters have teeth.
Anteaters have terrible eyesight but a keen sense of smell.
Anteaters have tongues.
Anteaters have very long, strong claws.
Anteaters inhabit habitats.
Anteaters live for years.
Anteaters live in South America and Central America .
Anteaters live in South America and Central America.
Anteaters live on termites.
Anteaters make highly effective organic vacuum cleaners.
Anteaters never destroy a nest, preferring to return and feed again in the future.
Anteaters possess relatives.
Anteaters prefer termites to ants.
Anteaters resemble anteaters.
Anteaters swallow meals.
Anteaters There are many kinds of animals living in Texas.
Anteaters track prey by their scent.
Anteaters use burrows.
Anteaters use digestion.
Anteaters use grass.
Anteaters use long noses.
Anteaters use long snouts.
Anteaters use long tongues.
Anteaters use noses.
Anteaters use prey digestion.
Anteaters use snouts.
Anteaters use tall grass.
Anteaters use tongues.
Anteaters weigh pounds.
Anteaters usually have no teeth.
Most anteaters are known as anteaters.
Most anteaters eat ants.
Most anteaters eat diets.
Most anteaters eat insects.
Most anteaters eat termites.
Most anteaters feed on ants.
Most anteaters have bushy tails.
Most anteaters have interaction.
Most anteaters have long tongues.
Most anteaters have mouths.
Most anteaters have natural predators.
Most anteaters have poor sight.
Most anteaters have predators.
Most anteaters have preference.
Most anteaters have prehensile tails.
Most anteaters have ribs.
Most anteaters have sight.
Most anteaters have tails.
Most anteaters have teeth.
Most anteaters have tongues.
Most anteaters inhabit habitats.
Most anteaters live for years.
Most anteaters live on termites.
Most anteaters possess relatives.
Most anteaters resemble anteaters.
Most anteaters use burrows.
Most anteaters use digestion.
Most anteaters use grass.
Most anteaters use long noses.
Most anteaters use long snouts.
Most anteaters use long tongues.
Most anteaters use noses.
Most anteaters use prey digestion.
Most anteaters use snouts.
Most anteaters use tall grass.
Most anteaters use tongues.
Most anteaters weigh pounds.
Some anteaters adopt strategies.
Some anteaters attack men.
Some anteaters attack old men.
Some anteaters avoid contact.
Some anteaters carry offspring.
Some anteaters develop hearts.
Some anteaters have diets.
Some anteaters have families.
Some anteaters have fingers.
Some anteaters have fur.
Some anteaters have pouches.
Some anteaters have requirements.
Some anteaters have snouts.
Some anteaters have thick fur.
Some anteaters ingest fine gravel.
Some anteaters kill hunters.
Some anteaters kill predators.
Some anteaters live in grassland.
Some anteaters possess something.
Some anteaters prefer termites.
Some anteaters stay with moms.
Some anteaters stay with mothers.
Some anteaters use claws.
Some anteaters use front claws.
Some anteaters use sharp claws.
Many antebellum homes remain.
Most antebellum letters relate to agricultural activities and family matters.
Antec cases use little clips to fasten the motherboard to the base plate.
Many antec case escape foreign consequently blind, unless coin argued something.
Most Antec cases come in retail Antec boxes.
Antec company profile all products product est.
Antec machines have a reputation for effortless rotation and smooth operating characteristics.
Antecedent ignorance is both innocent and remediable.
Antecedent rainfall is the other importance characteristic which can affect the stability of slopes.
An antecedent is a relative
Antecedents affect current behavior.
Antecedents are causes.
Antecedents are events that come before a behavior and prompt it to happen.
Antecedents are maddeningly unclear.
Antecedents are the events and conditions that immediately precede a behavior.
Antecedents are the nouns or pronouns to which the pronoun refers.
Some antecedents make a behavior more likely to happen .
Some antecedents make a behavior more likely to happen.
Antechinus males live a celibate life for about a year.
Antediluvian lightning is alive and well, and striking deep in the dark forest of the human psyche.
Antelope horn handle.
Antelope horns are hard and hollow.
Antelope Island is located in the wonderful state of Utah.
Antelope Island is one of our treasures, and is located just a few miles from downtown.
Antelope Island is open year round.
Antelope Island is the largest and is home to a herd of buffalo and deer.
Antelope jackrabbits rest in shades.
An antelope is a bovid
Antelope also appreciate the sage that comes in on overgrazed areas.
Antelope also have a special tag drawing and are hunted out of the Mount Dome area.
Antelope also traverse the property.
Antelope are a common sight on the rolling grasslands of eastern and central Montana.
Antelope are abundant in the area, one of many wild game available to hunters.
Antelope are also common here.
Antelope are amazing runners.
Antelope are common and hunting is permitted in New Mexico.
Antelope are efficient users of grassland.
Antelope are found mostly in Africa below the Sahara , and parts of Asia .
Antelope are found mostly in Africa below the Sahara, and parts of Asia.
Antelope are found primarily on the arid short grass prairies of the western United States.
Antelope are grazers and browsers, so they eat lots of grass and shrubs.
Antelope are gregarious.
Antelope are important to habitats as grazers and browsers.
Antelope are more isolated and in lower numbers in the Northwest and Southwest Areas.
Antelope are primarily browsers, especially on sagebrush, with grass being only a minor food source.
Antelope are prominent in the park and can be easily seen because of their white markings.
Antelope are symbols of cooperation and solidarity within the village.
Antelope are the surviving members of an ancient family of grazing animals native to North America.
Antelope are very popular in combination with either mulies or whitetails.
Antelope belong to the bovid family, which also includes buffalo, cattle, sheep and goats.
Antelope bitterbrush occurs with sage-brush in the southern half of Jackson Hole.
Antelope change mating habits under the spell of islands.
Antelope change mating habits.
Antelope clade in relation to logio body mass and logio group size.
Antelope display different defensive behaviours based on their size, habitat , number and species.
Antelope have a wide variety of coverings, though most have a dense coat of short fur.
Antelope have excellent vision.
Antelope have horns , and can also run fast .
Antelope have horns, and can also run fast.
Antelope isa ungulate.
Antelope live in a wide range of habitats.
Antelope naturally travel long distances, moving to where water and forage are available.
Antelope occur primarily in the western half of the state with their major range in the Panhandle.
Antelope roam the lower valleys near the wildlife refuge.
Antelope run to gain distance from perceived threats.
Antelope seem to appear magically from the hillsides.
Antelope still roam out there.
Antelopes adapt to conditions.
Antelopes adapt to water.
Antelopes are a group which is ecologically very important , and have many similar features .
Antelopes are a group which is ecologically very important, and have many similar features.
Antelopes are basically ruminant animals.
Antelopes are cud chewers.
Antelopes are herbivores, native to Africa and parts of Asia.
Antelopes are herbivores.
Antelopes are hoofed animals with hollow horns.
Antelopes are ruminants.
Antelopes are their favourite prey.
Antelopes are, of course, a favorite prey of leopards, lions and cheetahs.
Antelopes consume diets.
Antelopes consume fruit.
Antelopes consume herbivorous diets.
Antelopes die from injuries.
Antelopes eat grass.
Antelopes eat leaves.
Antelopes exhibit behaviour.
Antelopes feed on leaves.
Antelopes get water.
Antelopes graze in pasture.
Antelopes graze on grass.
Antelopes has-part eyes.
Antelopes has-part teeth.
Antelopes have (part) brains.
Antelopes have (part) breasts.
Antelopes have (part) cannon bones.
Antelopes have (part) cell membranes.
Antelopes have (part) cells.
Antelopes have (part) chest cavities.
Antelopes have (part) chests.
Antelopes have (part) corpi.
Antelopes have (part) cytoplasm.
Antelopes have (part) ears.
Antelopes have (part) faces.
Antelopes have (part) heads.
Antelopes have (part) hip sockets.
Antelopes have (part) hoofs.
Antelopes have (part) nuclei.
Antelopes have (part) piluses.
Antelopes have (part) plasma membranes.
Antelopes have (part) rib cages.
Antelopes have (part) second stomachs.
Antelopes have (part) sections.
Antelopes have (part) skulls.
Antelopes have (part) sterna.
Antelopes have (part) vacuoles.
Antelopes have a wide variety of enemies.
Antelopes have acute senses of hearing and smell.
Antelopes have exceptional eyesights.
Antelopes have eyesights.
Antelopes have fawns.
Antelopes have features.
Antelopes have habitats.
Antelopes have heads.
Antelopes have horns.
Antelopes have legs.
Antelopes have long necks.
Antelopes have necks.
Antelopes have noses.
Antelopes have short tails.
Antelopes have sides.
Antelopes have skeletal features.
Antelopes have slender legs.
Antelopes have tails.
Antelopes have thin legs.
Antelopes have twist horns.
Antelopes have upright necks.
Antelopes live in Africa, Asia and parts of the Americas.
Antelopes live in grassland.
Antelopes live in herds in order to protect themselves from other predators.
Antelopes live in safety.
Antelopes live mostly on grass or leaves.
Antelopes occur in areas.
Antelopes occur in numerous protect areas.
Antelopes occur in protect areas.
Antelopes possess coats.
Antelopes possess hair.
Antelopes produce sound.
Antelopes reach ages.
Antelopes rely on vegetation.
Antelopes require water.
Antelopes resemble gazelles.
Antelopes roam grassland.
Antelopes roam north american steppes.
Antelopes roam plateaus.
Antelopes roam regions.
Antelopes roam steppes.
Antelopes roam tibetan plateaus.
Antelopes share habitats.
Antelopes show dimorphism.
Antelopes stand with legs.
Antelopes survive on food.
Antelopes survive on lower quality food.
Antelopes vary in size and shape.
Antelopes weigh pounds.
All antelope have horns, though in some species only the male is horned.
All antelope have permanent unbranched horns which grow throughout the animal's life.
All antelopes are beautiful.
All antelopes have great speed.
Many antelope are sexually dimorphic .
Many antelope are sexually dimorphic.
Most antelope appear further away than they are.
Most antelope are on private lands where permission is needed.
Most antelope have very large bulgy eyes that are positioned on the sides of their heads.
Most antelopes adapt to conditions.
Most antelopes adapt to water.
Most antelopes are grassland species, but some inhabit forests, deserts, or steep mountains.
Most antelopes consume fruit.
Most antelopes consume herbivorous diets.
Most antelopes die from injuries.
Most antelopes eat grass.
Most antelopes eat leaves.
Most antelopes get water.
Most antelopes has-part eyes.
Most antelopes has-part teeth.
Most antelopes have exceptional eyesights.
Most antelopes have eyesights.
Most antelopes have fawns.
Most antelopes have features.
Most antelopes have habitats.
Most antelopes have heads.
Most antelopes have horns.
Most antelopes have legs.
Most antelopes have long necks.
Most antelopes have necks.
Most antelopes have noses.
Most antelopes have short tails.
Most antelopes have sides.
Most antelopes have skeletal features.
Most antelopes have slender legs.
Most antelopes have tails.
Most antelopes have thin legs.
Most antelopes have twist horns.
Most antelopes have upright necks.
Most antelopes live in grassland.
Most antelopes live in safety.
Most antelopes occur in areas.
Most antelopes occur in numerous protect areas.
Most antelopes occur in protect areas.
Most antelopes produce sound.
Most antelopes rely on vegetation.
Most antelopes require water.
Most antelopes resemble gazelles.
Most antelopes show dimorphism.
Most antelopes stand with legs.
Most antelopes survive on food.
Most antelopes survive on lower quality food.
Some antelope are solitary but many of the species travel in herds.
Some antelope have special feeding adaptations for their environment.
Some antelopes adapt to deserts.
Some antelopes belong to families.
Some antelopes damage human food crops.
Some antelopes die from bacterial infection.
Some antelopes die from infection.
Some antelopes displace other animals.
Some antelopes face extinction.
Some antelopes feed in pasture.
Some antelopes have appearances.
Some antelopes have body length.
Some antelopes have different social structures.
Some antelopes have length.
Some antelopes have origins.
Some antelopes have ranges.
Some antelopes have small home ranges.
Some antelopes have social structures.
Some antelopes have structures.
Some antelopes live in Africa.
Some antelopes live in regions.
Some antelopes occupy positions.
Some antelopes occur in large numbers.
Some antelopes occur in numbers.
Some antelopes occur within national parks.
Some antelopes occur within parks.
Some antelopes reach maturity.
Some antelopes reach sexual maturity.
Some antelopes seek out shades.
Some antelopes show distinctive features.
Some antelopes show features.
Some antelopes survive extinction.
Some antelopes survive for years.
Some antelopes visit ponds.
Antenatal care includes parentcraft and relaxation classes.
Antenatal care varies around the country.
Antenatal classes are available at the hospital.
Antenatal classes conducted by medical or paramedical professionals can be very helpful.
Antenatal corticosteroids are less likely to be administered to women with no prenatal care.
Antenatal diagnosis allows transfer of the mother for assessment and delivery at a regional centre.
Antenatal diagnosis is aided by finding of elevated alpha-fetoprotein levels in amniocentesis.
Antenatal diagnosis is offered but because of religious convictions, is declined.
Antenatal diagnosis is possible by fibroblast culture from amniotic fluid.
Antenatal diagnosis is very important.
Antenatal identification allows the clinician to make appropriate and timely management decisions.
Antenatal steroids decrease blood-brain barrier permeability in the ovine fetus.
All antenna areas are in square feet.
All antenna characteristics are the same for both transmit and receive.
Antenna diversity is one of the diversity techniques used to improve detectability performance.
Antenna length determines distance of transmission.
All antenna lengths depend on various factors.
Many antenna modelers approach the software with limiting assumptions.
All antenna parts have a corresponding manufacturers number.
Antenna polarization is a vital part of link planning.
An antenna is an electrical device
Antenna array diversity gain data.
Antenna has high quality polymer to prevent surface oxidation.
Antenna is stainless steel.
Antenna isa device.
Antennae allow the mosquito to hear and smell.
Antennae appear as small bristles protruding from the head.
Antennae are about as long as the body or shorter.
Antennae are about half the body length.
Antennae are alternately black and yellow.
Antennae are at least as long as the body.
Antennae are black and white banded, long and slender, usually pointed upward.
Antennae are black except at the bases.
Antennae are black.
Antennae are chemoreceptors and tactile sense organs.
Antennae are conspicuous and the head appears larger than the thorax.
Antennae are conspicuously plumose.
Antennae are dark.
Antennae are for touch or feeling around.
Antennae are gray with the first segment lighter than other segments.
Antennae are green with brown rings and entirely brown at the tips.
Antennae are intact.
Antennae are jointed and extend forward from the head .
Antennae are jointed and extend forward from the head.
Antennae are long and filiform.
Antennae are long and orange, wings are translucent pale orange.
Antennae are long and prominent.
Antennae are long and slender and often held in a whiplike fashion over the abdomen.
Antennae are long and slender.
Antennae are long and thin.
Antennae are long and threadlike, while eyes are compound, small and widely-spaced.
Antennae are long in proportion to the body.
Antennae are much longer than the body.
Antennae are pale yellow with small amounts of black on several segments.
Antennae are present and appear quite thin and segmented.
Antennae are present on either side of the labrum, but small and relatively inconspicuous.
Antennae are present.
Antennae are red with black on the dorsal side.
Antennae are short inconspicuous bristles.
Antennae are short, usually seven-segmented, and the head is rounded with no poison jaws.
Antennae are short.
Antennae are small, elbowed and have a flattened club.
Antennae are small, reach halfway or less the length of the pronotum .
Antennae are small.
Antennae are straight and beadlike.
Antennae are thin and feathery.
Antennae are thin and rusty brown.
Antennae are very variable in form and size.
Antennae capitate .
Antennae come in a wide range of shapes and sizes, depending upon how they are used.
Antennas are electrical devices.
Antennas are located in roofs.
Antennas are part of radios.
Antennas are part of receivers.
Antennas are part of transmitters.
Antennas are sensitivity.
Antennas are tentacles.
Antennas are transducers.
Antennas have (part) sections.
Antennas have sensors.
Antennas have tips.
Antennas provide assistance.
Antennas provide signal gain, which increases the possible distance of a link.
Antennas serve purposes.
All antennas are either yagis or loop yagis.
All antennas are lot coded and fixed station products are serial number coded.
All antennas are to be scheduled in all scans, regardless of whether the source is up.
All antennas are up and amplifiers have been swapped with fresh ones.
All antennas come with a coax cable that hooks to the receiver.
All antennas come with matching network, remote control, and insulator set.
All antennas have certain general properties which apply both to receiving and transmitting modes.
All antennas have full Earth coverage.
All antennas show a fairly large amount of radial assymetry with satellites at low elevations.
All antennas use circular polarization to minimize multipath interference.
Any antenna is better than no antenna.
Any antenna necessarily has to be some distance away from the radio.
Most antennae are practically invisible from street-level or neighboring buildings.
Most antennas are available with either a side feed or feed-through connection point.
Most antennas are best at receiving and converting shorter wavelengths.
Most antennas are up.
Most antennas have sensors.
Most antennas have tips.
Most antennas provide assistance.
Most antennas serve purposes.
Some antennae are long and thin, while others are short and wide.
Some antennas absorb light.
Some antennas are part of receivers.
Some antennas are part of tellies.
Some antennas are part of tv.
Some antennas capture solar energy.
Some antennas enable longer distance connections point to point.
Some antennas have an occasional jump.
Some antennas have bands.
Some antennas have functions.
Some antennas have sensory functions.
Antennal clubs are black.
Antennal clubs are blunt.
Antennal clubs are orange.
Antennal input is also crucial since antennectomized females show highly reduced levels of mounting.
Antennal knobs are black and white.
Antennal segments can be very difficult to count, so if uncertain try both keys.
Antennal shape differs from that of the previous stage.
Antenuptial agreements are enforceable, however, only as they effect the rights of the two spouse.
Antenuptial agreements are unique agreements which are to be strictly construed.
Antenuptial agreements occur prior to marriage.
Anterior clones reorganize normal limb pattern, creating supernumerary 'double-anterior' limbs.
Anterior extension leads to diplopia and ophthalmoplegia, or both.
Some anterior fins have spines.
An anterior fontanelle is a soft spot
Anterior fontanelle is soft and flat.
Anterior fontanelle is soft.
Anterior fontanelle is tense and bulging.
Anterior foot corners long and tentacular.
Anterior glands stimulate secretion.
Most anterior glands stimulate secretion.
Anterior intercostals are branches of the internal thoracic or the musculophrenic arteries.
Some anterior lobes produce hormones.
Anterior midline approaches to the central skull base.
Most anterior nosebleeds respond to direct pressure.
Anterior part contains stichosome.
Anterior parts are formed before posterior parts.
Anterior pituitary glands stimulate secretion.
Anterior pituitary hormones have roles.
Anterior pituitaries stimulate growth.
Anterior pituitaries stimulate skeletal growth.
Most anterior pituitaries stimulate growth.
Most anterior pituitaries stimulate skeletal growth.
Some anterior regions have thin walls.
Some anterior regions have walls.
Anterior repairs address vaginal support of the bladder base by using the pubocervical fascia.
Anterior rhinoscopy is relatively easy to perform in a small child.
Anterior spiracles have tubules.
Most anterior spiracles have tubules.
Anterior surface faces upwards, thick left ventricle on the left, right ventricle on right.
Anterior tongue looks red, like raw beef.
Anterior teeth are conical and later have ridges on the inside of the crown.
Anterior teeth are erect and nearly symmetrical, while posterior teeth become more oblique in shape.
Anterior teeth sit in the front of the row.
Anterior wall is costal cartilages and sternum.
Anterior walls have surfaces.
Most anterior walls have surfaces.
An anterior is a tooth
Anteriors have very long blades.
More anterior is the amygdaloid body.
Anteriorly one can notice the rotation of the left ribs.
Anterolateral infarction involves portions of the anterior and the lateral walls of the heart.
Anterolateral margins quadridentate, teeth decreasing in size posteriorly.
An anteroom is a room
Anteroom has death mask of Mary, Queen of Scots.
Anteroom has no roof, and fills with snow.
Many anthelmintic products are on the market.
An anthelmintic is medicine
Anthelmintics are medicines used in the treatment of worm infections.
Anthelmintics are the principal drugs for the treatment of trichinellosis.
Anthelmintics provide an excellent tool for controlling parasites.
Anthelmintics work best if the animal has been fasted for a few hours before dosing.
An anthem is a song
An anthem is church music
Anthem argues that decisions such as utilization review start at the local level.
Anthem Come down, O love divine.
Anthem incorporates that memorandum by reference.
Anthem incorporates that response and chronology by reference.
Anthem is a mutual insurance company headquartered in Indiana.
Anthem is a new community north of Phoenix.
Anthem is about finding individualism in a world where it is forbidden.
Anthem is an exciting place to work.
Anthem is committed to building successful businesses.
Anthem is portable.
Anthem is set in a totalitarian future.
Anthem is still very much a work in progress, so keep coming back to see the latest developments.
Anthem is the event's title sponsor.
Anthem isa song.
Anthem offers a broad spectrum of health coverage, from traditional to managed care health plans.
Anthem offers a full range of plans.
Anthem offers peace of mind in the continuously changing health care environment.
Anthem owns Blues plans in Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Kentucky, Nevada and Ohio.
Anthem requests confidential treatment for only a small number of documents.
Anthem seems like such a great show.
Anthem shows a thinker clashing with a society that has extirpated all individualistic concepts.
Anthem tells of the rediscovery of ego.
Anthems are also symbols.
Anthems are songs.
Anthems are usually easy to sing.
Anthems encompass both the classics of our Christian heritage and works by modern composers.
Anthems have (part) chapters.
Anthems have (part) paragraphs.
Anthems have (part) word order.
Anthems See the passion as national anthems are sung.
Some anthems call for brass, flutes, and other instruments from time to time.
Anther culture is used to speed up the process.
Anther example is defense industry , where the state is the often only buyer .
Anther example is defense industry, where the state is the often only buyer.
Anther option is to chat online.
Anther problem is cavalry.
Anther problem is that selection for heat insulation is quite different from selection for flight.
Anther variable is selection pressure.
Anther way is to use deburring machine using scottch bi-directional.
An anther is a reproductive structure
Anther isa plant part.
Anthers apically introrse.
Anthers are empire yellow with pollen medium to poor.
Anthers are large and orange with a moderate amount of pollen.
Anthers are opposite the sepals and alternating with the petals.
Anthers are orange with fair quantity and quality of pollen.
Anthers are orange yellow and pollen is medium in abundance but of poor quality.
Anthers are orange yellow and pollen is medium to abundant.
Anthers are part of stamens.
Anthers are prominent and vary in color.
Anthers are slender with long, narrow points at the apex.
Anthers are the baglike part of the stamen in which pollen is produced.
Anthers are the male parental tissue in which pollen grains are formed.
Anthers are white, unexpanded stigmas are pale pink.
Anthers bearing pollen are on the outside.
Anthers burst and release pollen, aided by gas bubbles that accumulate inside the anther sac.
Anthers close up much more quickly than petals on the approach of danger.
Anthers contain grain.
Anthers contain pollen grain.
Anthers dehisce longitudinally.
Anthers densely pubescent, the thecae straight, divaricate, the filaments glabrous or pubescent.
Anthers emerge from flowers.
Anthers have (part) sections.
Anthers make the pollen.
Anthers ovate, introrse.
Anthers produce pollen grains, which contain sperm cells.
Anthers sessile in the concave tips of the perianth segments.
Anthers shed pollen the second day.
Anthers subentire at the base.
Anthers usually open promptly after emerging from beneath the tepals.
Most anthers contain grain.
Most anthers contain pollen grain.
Most anthers emerge from flowers.
Most anthers have slits or pores on the sides to accommodate pollen release.
Some anthers are part of blossoms.
Some anthers are part of buds.
Some anthers are part of catkins.
Some anthers are part of florets.
Some anthers are part of flowers.
Some anthers are part of stamens.
Some anthers attract insect pollinators.
Some anthers attract pollinators.
Some anthers produce mixture.
Some anthers produce pollen mixture.
Some anthers produce pollen.
Some anthers shed pollen.
Antheridia sperm are multicellular and are aided by water to reach the archegonia.
Antheridial pits are the sites of male sex organs.
An antheridium is a reproductive structure
Antheridia are at the ends of short branches in Nitella and at the nodes below oogonia in Chara.
Antheridia are deep in the upper portion.
Antheridia are embedded in chambers on the upper surface of the head.
Antheridia are embedded in the upper surface of each lobes.
Antheridia are male gametangia.
Antheridia make sperm and archegonia make eggs.
Antheridium encloses sperms or antherozoids.
Antheridium isa plant part.
Antheridium produces sperm, archegonium produces egg.
Antheridiums have (part) sections.
Most antheridia are in terminal disk-shaped clusters to facilitate water capture for sperm transfer.
Some antheridiums occur on gametophytes.
Antherozoids are released into water for fertilization.
An anthesis is growth
Anthesis continues for a period of several weeks.
Anthesis is considered to be shedding of pollen.
Anthesis is defined as when about half of the heads are flowering.
Anthocerotophyta gametophytes are relatively simple anatomically.
Anthocyanin pigments accumulate in the leaves.
Anthocyanin pigments are responsible for the red skin of ripe apples and the purple of ripe grapes.
Anthocyanin production increases with increased sugars in the leaves.
Anthocyanin synthesis requires light.
An anthologist is an editor
Anthologists do have more fun.
An anthology is a collection
Anthologies also suit contemporary reading habits.
Anthologies are albums.
Anthologies are always difficult to navigate.
Anthologies are collections.
Anthologies are controversial because they define by excluding.
Anthologies are customized, therefore, there are no returns.
Anthologies are especially popular.
Anthologies are indispensable to teachers and librarians who want to immerse students in poetry.
Anthologies are like parties packed with friends who know how to talk and how to listen.
Anthologies are one example.
Anthologies are the best way to sample the Chinese classical music.
Anthologies are the grab bags of literature.
Anthologies are too much like contests.
Anthologies are usually pretty good.
Anthologies are, by nature, focal points for tough editorial decisions.
Anthologies break literature down into easily digestible, bite-size pieces.
Anthologies continue to be very popular.
Anthologies form an excellent way of resourcing literature for different age groups.
Anthologies have (part) artwork.
Anthologies have (part) cartoons.
Anthologies have (part) chapters.
Anthologies have (part) items.
Anthologies have (part) page numbers.
Anthologies have (part) paragraphs.
Anthologies have (part) sections.
Anthologies have (part) text.
Anthologies have (part) word order.
Anthologies play a critical role in canon formation .
Anthologies play an important role in covering writers and regions of lesser interest.
Anthologies provide historical information.
Anthologies provide information.
Anthology brims with far worthier historical and musical fare.
Anthology comes strongly recommended for anyone who wants to make that effort.
Anthology is a comprehensive overview of the forgotten band of American progressive rock.
Anthology is comprised of radically diverse essays on feminism.
Anthology isa publication.
Anthology manuscripts due from all students.
Anthology offers consignment opportunities to others.
Anthology refers to a multi-actress video where separate solo scenes have been combined.
Anthology reserves the right to reject ads due to unacceptable content.
Anthology underscores why.
Anthologies always run the risk of excessive partiality or sperficiality.
Anthologies often purchase reprint material.
Many anthologies provide useful introductions to the subject.
Most anthologies provide historical information.
Most anthologies provide information.
Most anthologies repeat popular texts and verses.
Most anthologies seem to offer stories of varying quality.
Anthony page has it all face, muscle, with touchable chest hair intact.
Anthophyllite deposits are less common than other asbestos deposits.
Most anthozoan orders contain exclusively colonial species.
Anthozoan polyps are often very brightly colored.
An anthozoan is a cnidarian
Anthozoans are all marine and are found all over the world, in various sizes and habitats.
Anthozoans are coelenterates.
Anthozoans are colonial or solitary organisms.
Anthozoans are often colonial having the polyp body plan with no alternation with the medusa form.
Anthozoans are sisters to all other cnidarians.
Anthozoans are the familiar anemones and corals.
Anthozoans differ from other Cnidaria in that they have no medusoid stage.
Anthozoans exist as solitary or colonial, and mostly sessile polyps.
Anthozoans have no alteration of generations.
Anthozoans have no medusa stage and are often colonial.
Anthozoans often provide fish and crustaceans with habitat and food scraps.
Anthracite coal has more carbon.
Anthracite coal has the highest carbon content and heating value.
Anthracite coal is coal
Anthracite coal is mined and brewing is a major industry.
Anthracite coal is mined as well as copper, lead, and zinc in smaller quantities.
Anthracite coal is the hardest and has more carbon, which gives it a higher energy content.
Anthracnose control is difficult because the disease can reach epidemic proportions in a short time.
Anthracnose control is difficult once the disease is serious.
Anthracnose disease is a dreaded and common invader of melon fields.
Anthracnose fruit rot .
Anthracnose fruit rot is one problem which is showing up on fall fruiting cultivars.
Anthracnose spores infect young green tissue during wet periods.
Anthracnose stalk rot causes a light tan to brown disintegration of the pith.
Anthracnose stalk rot symptoms are usually most apparent just prior to plant maturity.
Some anthratic coals are grey-black in color.
Anthrax hoaxes abound.
Anthrax hoaxes are nothing new, experts point out.
Anthrax outbreaks occur in areas.
Anthrax spores are anthrax.
Anthrax spores are apparently one of the top choices of weapons for biological warfare.
Anthrax spores are bacterial spores.
Anthrax spores are hardies.
Anthrax spores are odorless, colorless, and tasteless.
Anthrax spores are one of the number one choice of weapons for biological warfare.
Anthrax spores are stable and remain viable in water and soil for years.
Anthrax spores can lie dormant for decades, possibly for centuries.
Anthrax spores can live for years in carcasses buried in the ground.
Anthrax vaccine Accept immediately if symptom-free.
Anthrax vaccine contains no live bacteria and poses no safety risk.
Anthrax vaccine is a key element in protecting service members against the lethal threat.
Anthrax vaccine is a sterile product made from filtrates of inactivated bacterial cultures.
Anthrax vaccine is available for people in high-risk occupations.
Anthrax vaccine is composed of an uncharacterized mix of bacterial products.
Anthrax vaccine is made from inactivated bacteria.
Anthrax vaccine is one of the causes of illness among veterans of the Persian Gulf War.
Anthrax vaccine stimulates antibodies that block toxins common to all strains of anthrax bacteria.
Anthrax vaccines are available and have been given to high-risk groups such as textile workers.
Anthrax vaccines are vaccines.
Anthrax affects all mammals, including humans, though some species are more vulnerable than others.
Anthrax affects animals.
Anthrax affects hoof animals.
Anthrax also causes organ failure.
Anthrax also is relatively easy and safe to handle.
Anthrax also occurs in exotic wildlife such as hippos, elephants, and cape buffalo.
Anthrax can also enter the human body through broken skin.
Anthrax can be fatal even in microscopic amounts.
Anthrax can form spores and remain dormant for decades.
Anthrax can infect all warm-blooded animals, including man.
Anthrax can make an excellent weapon of mass destruction.
Anthrax can then go dormant for several days.
Anthrax causes a type of pneumonia, which can kill a person.
Anthrax causes infection.
Anthrax causes pneumonia and patients are treated with antibiotics.
Anthrax causes pneumonia, and patients are treated with antibiotics.
Anthrax comes out high on everyone's list because the spore form of the organism is so very stable.
Anthrax has a serious impact on the trade of animal products.
Anthrax has four separate clinical forms.
Anthrax has little or no history of such resistance.
Anthrax incubates silently in the body for three days to several weeks after exposure.
Anthrax is a bacteria found in the environment which has appeared in animals in the past.
Anthrax is a bacteria sometimes used in biological warfare.
Anthrax is a bacteria that naturally infects sheep and other animals.
Anthrax is a bacteria.
Anthrax is a bacterial disease than can infect warm-blooded animals including humans .
Anthrax is a bacterial disease that can infect all warm blooded animals including man.
Anthrax is a dangerous, infectious disease caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis .
Anthrax is a deadly biological weapon.
Anthrax is a disease contracted by warm-blooded animals.
Anthrax is a disease normally associated with animals.
Anthrax is a disease normally associated with plant-eating animals such as sheep and cattle.
Anthrax is a disease of grazing animals caused by bacteria that can infect humans.
Anthrax is a disease of humans as well as animals.
Anthrax is a disease that most commonly appears as blood poisoning.
Anthrax is a disease that normally afflicts animals, especially cattle and sheep.
Anthrax is a disease that typically afflicts animals, especially sheep and cattle.
Anthrax is a disease that usually affects animals, but humans who inhale the spores can be infected.
Anthrax is a disease which can kill people.
Anthrax is a disease
Anthrax is a highly infectious animal disease which can be transmitted to humans on contact.
Anthrax is a highly infectious bacterial disease, capable of killing a person within a few days.
Anthrax is a highly lethal biological weapon.
Anthrax is a kind of poster child for force health protection.
Anthrax is a lethal biological weapon.
Anthrax is a lethal, biological gas weapon that often causes flu-like symptoms.
Anthrax is a livestock disease and man is the accidental host.
Anthrax is a naturally occurring bacteria found in domesticated animals.
Anthrax is a naturally occurring bacteria that, when inhaled, can cause death within a few days.
Anthrax is a naturally occurring bacterial disease.
Anthrax is a naturally occurring bacterium in cattle, sheep and other hoofed animals.
Anthrax is a naturally occurring disease caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis .
Anthrax is a naturally occurring disease caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis.
Anthrax is a naturally occurring disease with worldwide distribution.
Anthrax is a naturally occurring virus.
Anthrax is a potentially fatal disease that focuses on the skin, lungs and stomach and intestines.
Anthrax is a quarantinable disease because it can kill large numbers of animals in a short time.
Anthrax is a rapid and highly effective killer.
Anthrax is a rare cause of death of animals in Victoria.
Anthrax is a reportable disease in Minnesota.
Anthrax is a reportable disease in Texas.
Anthrax is a serious infectious disease caused by a bacteria called Bacillus anthracis.
Anthrax is a serious threat under the biological warfare scenario.
Anthrax is a serious threat.
Anthrax is a silent killer that is extremely lethal, in both inhalational and intestinal anthrax.
Anthrax is a spore forming bacteria.
Anthrax is a spore-forming bacteria found in soil.
Anthrax is a unique bacterium that can form a spore.
Anthrax is a very deadly weapon that is relatively cheap and easy to make.
Anthrax is a very rare disease in the United Kingdom.
Anthrax is a very real threat that is virtually always fatal.
Anthrax is almost always deadly among unprotected people.
Anthrax is also the name of a grunge rock group.
Anthrax is an acute bacterial disease which can be fatal for humans if untreated.
Anthrax is an acute infectious disease carried by spore-forming bacteria.
Anthrax is an acute infectious disease caused by bacteria.
Anthrax is an acute infectious disease caused by spore-forming bacteria.
Anthrax is an acute infectious disease caused by spore-forming bacterium Bacillus anthracis.
Anthrax is an acute infectious disease caused by the spore forming bacterium Bacillus anthracis.
Anthrax is an acute infectious disease caused by the spore-forming bacterium Bacillus anthracis .
Anthrax is an acute infectious disease caused by the spore-forming bacterium Bacillus anthracis.
Anthrax is an ancient disease of livestock and humans known since biblical times.
Anthrax is an example of a bacterial pathogen.
Anthrax is an exception, it can remain in soil and contaminate areas for a long period.
Anthrax is an extremely deadly bacterium used in biological warfare.
Anthrax is an infectious bacterial disease that can be used in biological, or germ, warfare.
Anthrax is an infectious bacterial disease that typically afflicts livestock.
Anthrax is an infectious bacterium used in biological warfare.
Anthrax is an infectious disease caused by the spore-forming bacterium Bacillus anthracis.
Anthrax is an infectious disease caused by the spores of Bacillus anthracis .
Anthrax is an infectious disease that is lethal if inhaled.
Anthrax is an infectious disease that normally affects animals, especially cattle and sheep.
Anthrax is an infectious disease that normally afflicts animals, especially cattle and sheep.
Anthrax is an infectious disease that occurs naturally in livestock.
Anthrax is an infectious disease that usually afflicts only animals, especially cattle and sheep.
Anthrax is an infrequent and sporadic human infection in most industrialized countries.
Anthrax is an international concern because it reproduces oddly.
Anthrax is an occupational hazard in the three mainland countries.
Anthrax is an often-fatal infectious disease due to ingestion of spores.
Anthrax is as deadly as nuclear weapons.
Anthrax is attractive to our enemies because it's cheap and easy to produce.
Anthrax is bacilluses.
Anthrax is bacterial infection.
Anthrax is caused by a bacterium that can infect humans and animals.
Anthrax is caused by Bacillus anthracis .
Anthrax is caused by Bacillus anthracis, a spore-forming bacteria.
Anthrax is caused by Bacillus anthracis.
Anthrax is caused by direct skin inoculation by B anthracis .
Anthrax is caused by the bacterium bacillus anthracis .
Anthrax is caused by the bacterium Bacillus anthracis .
Anthrax is caused by the organism Bacillus anthracis.
Anthrax is colorles, odorless, inexpensive to make and easy to transport.
Anthrax is common in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Iran, where most of Europe's heroin originates.
Anthrax is considered the easiest germ weapon to make and use.
Anthrax is considered the most lethal of biological agents by the U.S. government.
Anthrax is considered to be an extremely dangerous infectious disease.
Anthrax is diseases.
Anthrax is easy to produce, store and make into a weapon.
Anthrax is extremely deadly but can be treated.
Anthrax is extremely lethal and presents a clear and present danger to U.S. servicemembers.
Anthrax is extremely stable.
Anthrax is found around the globe.
Anthrax is global.
Anthrax is indigenous in Zimbabwe.
Anthrax is infection.
Anthrax is insects.
Anthrax is located in post offices.
Anthrax is most common in agricultural regions where it occurs in animals.
Anthrax is much better.
Anthrax is odorless, tasteless and invisible.
Anthrax is one example.
Anthrax is one of the deadliest and oldest diseases known to man.
Anthrax is one of the deadliest diseases known.
Anthrax is one of the gravest biological agents in use today.
Anthrax is one of the most common biological threat agents.
Anthrax is one of the most effective and lethal bioweapons in existence.
Anthrax is one of the most likely agents to be used as a weapon.
Anthrax is one such threat.
Anthrax is our first taste of bio-terrorism.
Anthrax is present in the environment and can cause disease in livestock and wild animals.
Anthrax is primarily a disease of domesticated and wild animals, particularly herbivorous animals.
Anthrax is primarily an occupational disease.
Anthrax is produced by the bacteria Bacillus anthracis .
Anthrax is spread by dustlike spores, which can be inhaled.
Anthrax is spread primarily by aerosol.
Anthrax is suspected of being responsible for a spate of deaths among heroin addicts in Europe.
Anthrax is the best rock band ever.
Anthrax is the bioligical weapon of choice amongst our potential adversaries.
Anthrax is the greatest biological warfare threat faced by U.S. military personnel.
Anthrax is the number one weapon of choice in biological weapons for germ warfare.
Anthrax is the poor man's atomic bomb.
Anthrax is the primary biological warfare threat faced by U.S. forces.
Anthrax is the same way.
Anthrax is the weapon of choice for germ warfare.
Anthrax is thought to be the most likely agent to be used in a bioterrorist event.
Anthrax is treated with penicillin G or tetracycline.
Anthrax is zoonosis.
Anthrax is zoonotic, caused by horse, sheep and cattle.
Anthrax is, by far, the easiest biological agent to produce and weaponize.
Anthrax isa disease.
Anthrax looks like flour.
Anthrax meets Faith No More.
Anthrax occurs naturally in the area.
Anthrax occurs where the environment is suitable to perpetuate the organism.
Anthrax rapidly spreads from the lungs to other organs, and is deadly if untreated.
Anthrax remains the primary biological warfare threat to our forces.
Anthrax simply infests the body and destroys it ability to function.
Anthrax sounds scary.
Anthrax spreads through airborne spores which are dormant microorganisms.
Anthrax typically afflicts animals, especially sheep and cattle.
Anthrax usually is a fatal disease with no symptoms observed.
Anthrax usually is susceptible to penicillin, doxycycline, and fluoroquinolones.
Most anthrax affects animals.
Most anthrax affects hoof animals.
Most anthrax causes infection.
Some anthrax infects cattle.
Some anthrax kills bison.
Some anthrax kills chimpanzees.
ANThreshold adaptation is stimulated by a certain amount of work.
More Anthro items are available.
Anthro voice is minority wake-up call to listen to locals who don t want to be colonized.
Anthromorphic agents are saidto represent humans.
Anthropocentric assumptions ask too little of ecological reason, and they do too much.
Anthropocentric cultures have differential phases which are longer than the inertial ones.
Anthropogenic aerosols absorb sunlight, which warms the planet.
Anthropogenic aerosols tend to produce negative radiative forcing.
Anthropogenic damage is still the most serious problem facing reefs.
Anthropogenic emissions are also the most toxic.
Anthropogenic influences are minimal, and, where present, are definable.
Anthropogenic influences have the potential to impact populations as well.
Anthropogenic interference can also result in excessive selenium in the environment.
Anthropogenic landscape occupies about a half of the area.
Anthropogenic materials are man-made shorelines that often predominate in urban areas.
Most anthropogenic nitrogen is emitted during the combustion of fossil fuels.
Anthropogenic pollutants reduce air quality and visibility.
Anthropogenic sources are dominant through much of the model domain.
Anthropogenic sources contribute arsenic to ground water at some waste disposal sites.
An anthropoid is a misfit
Anthropoids belong to the original human life wave.
Anthropologic linguists focus their attention on how humans use language.
Anthropological archaeology focusses on prehistory - the time before written records.
Anthropological collections have a series of particular characteristics.
Anthropological evidence lends credence to the new date.
Anthropological examination differs from that of the forensic pathologist.
Anthropological fieldwork is similar, as is Missionary work.
Anthropological films are powerful visual accounts of diverse cultural practices.
Anthropological geneticists study how and why genetic traits vary with populations.
Anthropological research represents observations filtered through the eyes of the beholder.
Most anthropological research is interdisciplinary as well as cross-cultural.
Anthropological subjects are quite well covered.
Anthropological writing has an active role to play in the communities which are being written about.
An anthropologist is a social scientist
Anthropologists also investigate the processes through which cultures change.
Anthropologists also look at the human experience in terms of holistic integrated systems.
Anthropologists also spend a great deal of time writing grant proposals to get research funding.
Anthropologists are also able to see other markers present on the bones.
Anthropologists are careful observers of humans and their behavior.
Anthropologists are concerned about the loss of languages and cultures.
Anthropologists are concerned with their own society, but only as one among many.
Anthropologists are interested in what things are valued in the culture.
Anthropologists are scientists.
Anthropologists are sensitive to such concerns.
Anthropologists are shockingly underrepresented so far.
Anthropologists are social scientists.
Anthropologists are trained specialists who conduct studies of the culture and adaptation of humans.
Anthropologists are trained to do their research via the scientific method of enquiry.
Anthropologists are workers.
Anthropologists base their ethnographies on the extended period of time they live in a community.
Anthropologists believe it was mostly a matter of trial and error.
Anthropologists believe otherwise.
Anthropologists believe that East Africa's Great Rift Valley is the site of the origin of humankind.
Anthropologists believe that 'H. erectus' was the first human species to control fire.
Anthropologists believe traditional medicine can remedy Africa's aids crisis.
Anthropologists can create a database on local knowledge about fish.
Anthropologists can work as television and radio journalists and editors.
Anthropologists classify cultural artifacts such as spear points and musical instruments.
Anthropologists commonly see the body as a statement of identity.
Anthropologists conduct interviews and study case histories to determine where to look for remains.
Anthropologists consider magical thinking a precursor to scientific thinking.
Anthropologists describe it as a cross between a yeti and a pixie.
Anthropologists divide their work among four subdisciplines.
Anthropologists DO cite informants.
Anthropologists do fieldwork.
Anthropologists explain it by examining cultural myths, procreative instincts and mating behavior.
Anthropologists feel that nothing that is human is foreign to anthropological inquiry.
Anthropologists find ritualistic behavior.
Anthropologists gather information about cultures and try to explain what has been observed.
Anthropologists go to the communities and develop trust with their subjects.
Anthropologists hate to throw a way a good bone.
Anthropologists have a duty to make their research relevant to their consultants.
Anthropologists have a new tribe to study.
Anthropologists invest great intellectual sums to invest early man with animal traits.
Anthropologists know it all - from the anatomy of the earliest primates, to that of living primates.
Anthropologists know it.
Anthropologists look at how humans develop physically and socially.
Anthropologists look at people across a broad spectrum of space and time.
Anthropologists make a distinction between people who are doing, and people who are being.
Anthropologists make frequent use of the primate collection in their studies of human evolution.
Anthropologists mostly do research.
Anthropologists never forget that humans are biological as well as cultural beings.
Anthropologists now believe that North America has been far longer than they first suspected.
Anthropologists observe people in their own surroundings for an extended period of time.
Anthropologists offer sexual enhancement as the primary explanation for the palang .
Anthropologists peer into a valley of silicon Keep hacking.
Anthropologists recognize burial as a very human, religious act.
Anthropologists regard modern Chinese people as secondary descendants of Mongoloids.
Anthropologists report that lesbians and gay men have been part of every culture.
Anthropologists say evangelism threatens local customs and cultures.
Anthropologists say that holidays reflect a culture's values.
Anthropologists see social rituals as one of many cultural universals .
Anthropologists see the entire human adventure as their subject.
Anthropologists seek to inform their professional colleagues while journalists inform the public.
Anthropologists seek to understand what is common to all cultures, and what is truly unique.
Anthropologists share a common perspective that is diachronic , holistic , and comparative .
Anthropologists study all aspects of the lives and history of humans.
Anthropologists study different cultures, compare obscure languages, and dig up old bones.
Anthropologists study every facet of human social life, past and present.
Anthropologists study how culture interacts with family structures and processes.
Anthropologists study human beings.
Anthropologists study humans, and paleontologists study ancient life forms.
Anthropologists study peoples and cultures, both past and present.
Anthropologists study the diversity of humankind as manifest through time and across the globe.
Anthropologists study the full range of human experience in both the past and present.
Anthropologists study the history documented in primitive aboriginal carvings on cave walls.
Anthropologists study the origin and behavior of humans.
Anthropologists study the traces of human behavior to learn what people where doing and why .
Anthropologists study the traces of human behavior to learn what people where doing and why.
Anthropologists study various groups of people to determine their similarities and differences.
Anthropologists suggest that hearing was more important than seeing to early humans.
Anthropologists suspect that early hominids lived in fission-fusion societies.
Anthropologists take a global and comparative perspective on cultural diversity.
Anthropologists tend to be generalists, and the concept of holism is central.
Anthropologists think that fieldwork is at the very core of their research.
Anthropologists trace the home of the Malay race to the northwestern part of Yunnan, in China.
Anthropologists try to determine how people who share a culture view their world.
Anthropologists try to see other cultures from the point of view of a person from that culture .
Anthropologists try to understand how and why cultures change.
Anthropologists understand complexity and can help devise answers that reflect that complexity.
Anthropologists use a variety of pretty straightforward techniques.
Anthropologists working in such places, especially the jungle, become media stars.
Anthropologists frequently use diagrams to illustrate kinship relationships.
Anthropologists often define humans as a peace loving being for nature.
Anthropologists often distinguish between two forms of magic, the sympathetic and the contiguous.
Anthropologists often focus on the context.
Anthropologists often regard anthropomorphism as an element in primitive human societies.
Anthropologists often specialize in particular culture areas as well.
Anthropologists often work as advocates of cultural and ethnic rights both at home and abroad.
Anthropologists usually gather information about culture by talking to the people who experience it.
Every anthropologist feels a deep sense of anxiety when going into the field for the first time.
Every anthropologist makes assumptions about the paranormal.
Many anthropologists are reluctant to talk to the media.
Many anthropologists argue that there are one hundred or more racial groups.
Many anthropologists believe that modern humans evolved from earlier, ape-like, primates.
Many anthropologists enjoy working as university and community college teachers.
Many anthropologists link the beginning of war to religious rites, and especially to sacrifice.
Many anthropologists still believe in some version of the noble savage myth.
Many anthropologists subscribe to the idea that land determines lifestyles.
Many anthropologists teach in colleges and universities, combining teaching with research.
Most anthropologists agree that patriarchy existed way before capitalism.
Most anthropologists carry out research and teach about what they have learned.
Most anthropologists have yet to reconcile themselves to a lived modernity.
Most anthropologists specialize in one particular region of the world.
Most anthropologists teach in colleges and universities.
Some anthropologists also find South Asian or Polynesian features.
Some anthropologists argue that a fifth subdiscipline, applied anthropology , is now emerging.
Some anthropologists believe native videomaking can help preserve traditional cultures.
Some anthropologists believe that head-hunting evolved from cannibalism.
Some anthropologists say the name comes from the fact that there used to be a cemetery in the area.
Some anthropologists see a socioeconomic element to the bloodsuckermythology.
Some anthropologists specialize in museum work, linguistics, or folklore.
Some anthropologists speculate that the urge to compete is part of basic human nature.
Some anthropologists trace most aspects of cultural difference to the environment.
Some anthropologists try to compare stages of tooth calcification with the stages of maturation.
Some anthropologists view themselves as members of a dispersed community of scholars.
Anthropology adopts such a cross cultural approach to learn about culture and society.
Anthropology also has extraordinary disciplinary breadth.
Anthropology also has important career applications.
Anthropology attempts to discover universals and patterns of human life.
Anthropology attempts to understand entire human condition over time and space.
Anthropology attempts to understand the whole panorama, in time and space, of the human condition.
Anthropology attracts a younger Mexican crowd and has recently been totally remodeled.
Anthropology bridges the natural and social sciences, and humanities.
Anthropology brings out commonalities that connect people.
Anthropology brings several strengths to business.
Anthropology can affect public policies and issues.
Anthropology can be useful to students both intellectually and practically.
Anthropology can help.
Anthropology Can Make a Difference.
Anthropology combines the perspectives of the sciences and the humanities.
Anthropology comes from notion of elaboration of differences.
Anthropology consists of a number of subfields, each of which examines a separate facet of humanity.
Anthropology contributes a distinctive and integrated perspective on humankind.
Anthropology covers every aspect of life from health to behaviour.
Anthropology deals with all people everywhere who have ever lived.
Anthropology deals with the beginnings of humanity, and stretches to ideas about humanity's future.
Anthropology draws graduate students who are focused on studies in Asia and the Pacific.
Anthropology emphasizes the interaction of human biology, culture, and the environment.
Anthropology emphasizes the unity of humankind.
Anthropology explores what it means to be human from many different perspectives.
Anthropology focuses on the development of culture.
Anthropology fondles dead objects.
Anthropology generally focuses on human groups.
Anthropology has a holistic approach, which means looking at all aspects, or the whole.
Anthropology has a long, illustrious history at the university.
Anthropology has a rich tradition in the study of family relationships, courtships and kinships.
Anthropology has a wealth of experience and much to offer the indigenous knowledge movement.
Anthropology has four faculty members who specialize in cultural anthropology.
Anthropology has the broadest scope of all the social sciences.
Anthropology has the honor of being the original interdisciplinary discipline.
Anthropology helps students to better understand human similarities and differences.
Anthropology here is primarily a Ph.D. program.
Anthropology implies man in a much wider diachronical extension than prehistory.
Anthropology Includes a unique collection links.
Anthropology includes a variety of subfields which are incorporated in the major.
Anthropology includes a variety of subfields, which are incorporated in the concentration.
Anthropology includes a variety of subfields, which are incorporated in the major.
Anthropology includes physical anthropology, archaeology, linguistics, and cultural anthropology.
Anthropology indeed becomes a branch of zoology.
Anthropology integrates a wide range of perspectives on human behavior, culture, and society.
Anthropology introduces a unique biocultural perspective to many areas of study.
Anthropology is a basic way of understanding how people live and work together.
Anthropology is a broad academic discipline interested in the whole of the human condition.
Anthropology is a broad discipline and anthropologists tend to be highly individualistic.
Anthropology is a broad, holistic study of human beings.
Anthropology is a career that embraces people of all kinds.
Anthropology is a cross cultural study of humankind.
Anthropology is a discipline that studies the biology and behavior of humankind.
Anthropology is a dynamic field of study.
Anthropology is a fairly well established discipline.
Anthropology is a field given special emphasis at the college.
Anthropology is a field of science.
Anthropology is a multi-faceted field, so the faculty is diverse.
Anthropology is a natural science, a social science, and one of the humanities .
Anthropology is a part of all major natural history and historical museums in the U.S. and abroad.
Anthropology is a relatively new discipline.
Anthropology is a scientific field of study with several divisions.
Anthropology is a small world.
Anthropology is a social science and papers follow a more scientific than literary format.
Anthropology is a social science that studies what it means to be human.
Anthropology is a social science
Anthropology is a social science.
Anthropology is a strong major in the liberal arts tradition.
Anthropology is a truly eclectic discipline.
Anthropology is a useful preparation for teaching or graduate study.
Anthropology is a valuable and rewarding field of study.
Anthropology is about people.
Anthropology is also a social science with significant theoretical and technological components.
Anthropology is also a wide-ranging field, so employment possibilities are similarly broad.
Anthropology is an excellent major for students interested in a teaching career.
Anthropology is an extremely broad discipline.
Anthropology is an extremely liberating field of study.
Anthropology is an ideal complement to a number of majors.
Anthropology is an interdisciplinary field.
Anthropology is analyzed in new way.
Anthropology is at once a biological science, a social science, and one of the humanities.
Anthropology is at once a natural science and a humanistic discipline.
Anthropology is biocultural .
Anthropology is both an applied and an academic discipline.
Anthropology is by and large, the study of how people live.
Anthropology is characterized by a concern with the origins of and changes in biology and culture.
Anthropology is comparative .
Anthropology is composed of four fields.
Anthropology is comprised of four sub-fields.
Anthropology is concerned with how culture influences every aspect of human life and society.
Anthropology is divided into four subfields.
Anthropology is divided primarily into physical anthropology and cultural anthropology.
Anthropology is excellent preparation for all careers dealing with human beings.
Anthropology is far behind.
Anthropology is far from dull or boring.
Anthropology is founded on interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary, and cross-cultural activities.
Anthropology is holistic .
Anthropology is ideal training for that, especially if combined with other skills.
Anthropology is interesting and deals with humanity at different levels.
Anthropology is more a humanities program than a social science program.
Anthropology is much more than just archaeology or ethnography.
Anthropology is no exception.
Anthropology is one branch of the social sciences.
Anthropology is one of the few academic studies that has a code of ethics.
Anthropology is one of the key disciplines covered.
Anthropology is paleontology.
Anthropology is recommended as a third course.
Anthropology is related to the discipline of sociology , but has a distinct history and focus.
Anthropology is riven by two opposing worldviews.
Anthropology is social science.
Anthropology is the biological study and cultural study of humanity.
Anthropology is the broad study of humankind around the world and throughout time.
Anthropology is the comparative cross-cultural study of human nature and human possibilities.
Anthropology is the comparative study of humanity.
Anthropology is the comparative study of people and societies across space and time.
Anthropology is the comparative study of the human species.
Anthropology is the comprehensive study of human beings as they socialize and symbolize.
Anthropology is the cross-cultural study of human societies.
Anthropology is the discipline devoted to the study of the human species.
Anthropology is the discipline that concerns itself with all that it means to be human.
Anthropology is the evolutionary, cross-cultural study of human behavior.
Anthropology is the holistic and comparative study of human beings.
Anthropology is the holistic and cross-cultural study of humankind.
Anthropology is the holistic study of culture, past and present.
Anthropology is the holistic study of human cultures and the human place in nature.
Anthropology is the holistic study of humankind.
Anthropology is the holistic study of humans.
Anthropology is the holistic study of what it means to be human.
Anthropology is the integrated study of humans in all their aspects.
Anthropology is the most humanistic of the sciences and the most scientific of the humanities.
Anthropology is the most liberating of all the sciences.
Anthropology is the science of people and culture.
Anthropology is the science of the study of cultural diversity.
Anthropology is the scientific and humanistic study of humanity in all times and places.
Anthropology is the scientific study of all humanity , ancient and modern.
Anthropology is the scientific study of culture.
Anthropology is the scientific study of humanity and of human culture.
Anthropology is the scientific study of humankind.
Anthropology is the social science dedicated to the holistic investigation of human life.
Anthropology is the study of all aspects of humanity at all times.
Anthropology is the study of ancient and modern human beings and their ways of living.
Anthropology is the study of cultures.
Anthropology is the study of human behavior, beliefs, and adaptations.
Anthropology is the study of human behavior.
Anthropology is the study of human beings from their origins to their present world-wide diversity.
Anthropology is the study of human beings, their cultures, behaviour and products.
Anthropology is the study of human beings.
Anthropology is the study of human biological and cultural variation, both past and present.
Anthropology is the study of human biology and culture and the interaction between the two.
Anthropology is the study of human cultural and biological diversity over time and space.
Anthropology is the study of human cultural behavior.
Anthropology is the study of human culture in past and contemporary societies.
Anthropology is the study of human cultures.
Anthropology is the study of human diversity past and present.
Anthropology is the study of human diversity.
Anthropology is the study of human evolution, biology, society and culture.
Anthropology is the study of human kind in all times and places.
Anthropology is the study of human life in all places and at all times.
Anthropology is the study of human nature, human society, and the human past.
Anthropology is the study of human nature, society and culture.
Anthropology is the study of human origins and development.
Anthropology is the study of humanity, past and present, in both simple and complex societies.
Anthropology is the study of humankind and all our works.
Anthropology is the study of humankind everywhere, throughout time.
Anthropology is the study of humankind of ancient and modern peoples and their ways of living.
Anthropology is the study of humankind, of ancient and contemporary people and their ways of living.
Anthropology is the study of humankind.
Anthropology is the study of humans and their behavior.
Anthropology is the study of humans and their works.
Anthropology is the study of humans' ways of life, or culture .
Anthropology is the study of humans.
Anthropology is the study of living peoples and everything they do.
Anthropology is the study of man in all times and in all places.
Anthropology is the study of man.
Anthropology is the study of mankind.
Anthropology is the study of past and present human societies.
Anthropology is the study of people and culture.
Anthropology is the study of people and their culture .
Anthropology is the study of people at all times and places.
Anthropology is the study of people in different culture settings.
Anthropology is the study of people, so start observing the myriad of cultures in our community.
Anthropology is the study of people, their cultures, customs, languages, and origins.
Anthropology is the study of people.
Anthropology is the study of social and cultural systems, beliefs and practices.
Anthropology is the study of the development and origins of human beings.
Anthropology is the study of the origin and development of humankind .
Anthropology is the study of the origin and development of mankind.
Anthropology is thus a margino-centric discipline.
Anthropology is to provide a comprehensive listing of Internet resources relating to anthropology.
Anthropology is valuable in many careers.
Anthropology is what anthropologists do.
Anthropology links the social sciences, natural sciences, arts and humanities.
Anthropology majors only.
Anthropology majors with senior standing or consent of instructor.
Anthropology needs to combine theory and praxis.
Anthropology now studies both Western and non-Western cultures.
Anthropology Offers a concentration in biocultural anthropology.
Anthropology offers a course of study leading to the bachelor of arts degree.
Anthropology offers graduate training in the biological and cultural subdisciplines.
Anthropology offers increased sensitivity to ethnic and population diversity.
Anthropology plays an important role in the development of such an framework.
Anthropology provides a basis for understanding human cultural and physical diversity.
Anthropology provides a comprehensive perspective on the human endeavor.
Anthropology provides a different point of view in understanding the human experience.
Anthropology provides a good background for a wide variety of people-oriented occupations.
Anthropology provides a way to examine the personal, individual and social roles of tattooing.
Anthropology provides an excellent background to many other behavioral sciences.
Anthropology provides an excellent foundation for a wide array of careers.
Anthropology provides an excellent liberal arts background, benefiting many careers.
Anthropology provides both primary data and methodological tools for the analysis of any data.
Anthropology provides evidence that all human beings are black.
Anthropology provides insights into what is happening and how to respond pastorally.
Anthropology reading assignments use vocabulary building and reading comprehension skills.
Anthropology remains a strong source of cultural criticism.
Anthropology requires a curiosity about all of humanity.
Anthropology requires research on humans, primates, or artifacts.
Anthropology seeks to uncover principles of behavior that apply to all human communities.
Anthropology seeks to understand the entire panorama of human behavior and experience.
Anthropology serves as an excellent background to many other behavioral sciences.
Anthropology specializes in the study of human beings and their cultures, anywhere and at all times.
Anthropology surely has a place in the house of intellect.
Anthropology takes a special view of religion that is non-judgmental and broadly comparative.
Anthropology teaches people how to be citizens of the world.
Anthropology teaches that the earth has been inhabited by man for at least half a million years.
Anthropology traces human footprints from their beginnings, millions of years ago, to the present.
Anthropology tries to bring the world's peoples into human focus.
Anthropology works with the whole cultural history of two million years or more.
Anthropometric measurements are essential to diagnosis.
Anthropomorphic creatures are a wide genre, and have been around well before there was a fandom.
An anthropomorphism is a process
Anthropomorphism binds our continuity with the rest of the natural world.
Anthropomorphism can be a short-cut to understanding, and quite a legitimate scientific tool.
Anthropomorphism can be the result.
Anthropomorphism is defined as the attribution of human characteristics to non-human beings.
Anthropomorphism is rampant among anglers, it makes for a great mythology.
Anthropomorphism is the attributing of human traits to an animal, a god or an inanimate object.
Anthropomorphism is the correct term.
Anthropomorphism is the object of entropy.
Anthropomorphism reigns, without labor contract disputes or boxes of chocolate.
Anthropophilic species prefer to feed on people as opposed to animals.
Anthroposophic medicine looks at illness as an opportunity for new balance and self development.
Anthroposophical medicine is superior to conventional medicine.
Anthropotranscendental ones tend to display a reverse pattern.
An anthurium is a houseplant
Anthurium contains calcium oxalate and some unidentified compounds.
Anthuriums are available year round with limited availability of certain varieties during the year.
Anthuriums are commonly red, but now there are white, pink, green, and purple varieties too.
Anthuriums are herbaceous perennials and are desired for their stunning leaf shapes and sizes .
Anthuriums are houseplants.
Anthuriums are plants.
Anthuriums are popular foliage plants.
Anthuriums come fresh, healthy and long lasting.
Anthuriums differ considerably in their growth habits.
Anthuriums flourish under the shade of the Plumeria tree in the back yard.
Anthuriums grow actively from early spring through fall.
Anthuriums grow best in hothouses with controlled humidity.
Anthuriums grow on a wide range of soil types ranging from sandy loams to heavy clays.
Anthuriums pose a problem in seed production.
Anthuriums require shade for proper growth and for good quality flowers.
All anthuriums grow and bloom best in medium light.
Most anthuriums are primarily ornamental.
Some anthuriums have a very sweet floral fragrance like Lily of the Valley.
Anti clericalism is still very rampant in parts of Europe especially Ireland.
Anti depressants can cause a dry mouth, headaches, feeling sick, and loss of appetite.
Anti depressants work differently to the benzos and they can take up to six weeks to work.
Anti freeze tastes sweet on initial taste, so they rip out the lower hose and drink.
Anti oxidants are part of the picture in involved with anti-aging.
Anti surge leads multiblocks.
Anti theft wiring harness provides easy access terminals to simplify alarm installation.
Anti-estrogens compete with estrogen to bind to estrogen receptors.
Anti-estrogens work by blocking the effects of the hormone estrogen in the body.
Anti-estrogens, particularly tamoxifen can inhibit breast cancer growth.
Antis are people.
Antis are record labels.
Antialiased text means that fonts have 'soft' edges and blend into their backgrounds smoothly.
Antiangiogenic compounds are in preclinical development with an initial focus on retinal disorders.
Antiangiogenic factors block the growth of new capillaries.
An antianxiety agent is a downer
An antianxiety agent is a drug
Antianxiety agents can be addictive if taken regularly over a long time.
An antianxiety drug is tranquilizer
Antianxiety drugs are a multibillion-dollar business.
Antianxiety effect is apparent before the antidepressant effect.
Antianxiety medications fall into the same category as above if used p.r.n.
Antianxiety medications help to calm and relax the anxious person and remove the troubling symptoms.
Antianxiety medications play an important role in treating anxiety in depression.
An antiarrhythmic drug is medicine
Antiarrhythmic drugs act via changes to the transition probabilities.
Antiarrhythmic drugs can be expensive and side effects are frequent.
Antiarrhythmic drugs correct irregular heartbeats, restoring the normal rhythm.
Antiarrhythmic drugs normalize irregular heartbeats and prevent cardiac malfunction and arrest.
Antiarrhythmic medication is medicine
Antiarrhythmic medications change how the heart's electrical system works.
Antibackflow devices are on all faucets with hose connections.
Antibacklash ball screws on both axes.
Antibacterial agents are useful, for example, in controlling acne.
Antibacterial agents kill germs riding in, and a digestive enzyme hydrolyzes crust starch.
Antibacterial antibiotics are useful when secondary bacterial infections occur.
Antibacterial chemotherapy is needed for patients with bacterial superinfection.
An antibacterial drug is medicine
Antibacterial drugs act by interfering with some specific characteristics of bacteria.
Antibacterial mouthwash can help defeat the odor forming bacteria.
Antibacterial mouthwashes are helpful in preventing tooth decay and mouth odors.
Antibacterial polymer keeps on killing germs on surfaces and in air.
Antibacterial products work gently to remove daily bacterial residue.
Some antibacterial products contain essential oil.
Some antibacterial products contain oil.
Antibacterial properties prevent infection.
Antibacterial soap can also help keep the bacteria count down.
Antibacterial soap encourages the development of resistant bacteria.
Antibacterial soap is a good idea.
Antibacterial treatment fights odors.
Antibacterial is medicine
Antibacterial is medicine.
Antibacterials guard against only bacterial infections.
Antibacterials specfically act against bacterial cells.
Many antibacterials produce a post-antibiotic effect that is incompletely understood.
An antibiosis is association
Antibiosis is suspected to be the primary mechanism of disease suppression.
Antibiosis occurs when one organism is damaged or killed by another through a chemical secretion.
Antibiosis refers to factors in a plant which reduce the survival, growth or reproduction of a pest.
Antibiotic choices are the same as for females.
Some antibiotic compounds inhibit growth.
Antibiotic coverage is essential through the time of initial treatment and early healing.
Antibiotic coverage is indicated.
Antibiotic creams can be helpful to prevent and treat minor skin infections.
Antibiotic creams have questionable value.
Antibiotic dosage is very important and is initially set at a calculated level.
Antibiotic dosages are for patients with normal renal function.
Antibiotic dosages vary according to the patients ability to tolerate a particular regimen.
Antibiotic drops help to decrease the number of germs present and prevent spread.
An antibiotic drug is medicine
Antibiotic drugs can reduce inflammation and the number of papules or pustules and eye symptoms.
Antibiotic drugs constitute the initial treatment for osteomyelitis.
Antibiotic ear drops.
Antibiotic effectiveness is dependent on the tissue infected.
Antibiotic eye drops during the day and antibiotic ointment at night.
Antibiotic eye drops three times daily after the massage.
Antibiotic eye drops to prevent the spread of infection to other parts of the eye.
Antibiotic fermentations are notoriously susceptible to variations in yield.
Antibiotic formulation is also important.
Some antibiotic growth causes resistance.
Some antibiotic growth has evidence.
Antibiotic injection is used to cure the situation.
Antibiotic injections are necessary to prevent serious womb infections.
Antibiotic lotions tend to be less effective.
Antibiotic medications are usually effective to destroy bacteria.
Antibiotic medicine cures the disease.
Antibiotic misuse turns treatable to incurable.
Antibiotic ointment can help it disappear.
Antibiotic ointment can help prevent secondary bacterial infections.
Antibiotic ointment is applied lightly over the lesions.
Antibiotic ointment is placed on the wounds and in the eye several times daily.
Antibiotic potentiation is one of the primary uses of bromelain in several foreign countries.
Antibiotic production remains the largest segment of the commercial fermentation industry.
Antibiotic properties are always present.
Antibiotic prophylaxis helps to protect children with sickle cell disease or splenectomy.
Antibiotic prophylaxis is also a good idea.
Antibiotic prophylaxis is suggested.
Antibiotic prophylaxis is warranted only in patients with four or more exacerbations per year.
Antibiotic residues can be a very expensive problem.
Antibiotic residues threaten humans' ability to resist disease.
Antibiotic resistance becomes problems.
Antibiotic resistance can be the result of different things.
Antibiotic resistance can either be inherent or acquired.
Antibiotic resistance can move from plant diseases to human ones.
Antibiotic resistance continues to be a major public health concern.
Antibiotic resistance demands replacements for old antibacterials.
Antibiotic resistance entails a considerable amount of uncertainty.
Antibiotic resistance falls in Finland A Finnish effort to limit bacterial resistance bears fruit.
Antibiotic resistance falls in Finland.
Antibiotic resistance is a classic demonstration of natural selection.
Antibiotic resistance is a developing problem.
Antibiotic resistance is a genetic phenomenon.
Antibiotic resistance is a growing problem for patients around the world.
Antibiotic resistance is a growing problem in hospitals.
Antibiotic resistance is a growing public health problem.
Antibiotic resistance is a major European and global health problem.
Antibiotic resistance is a problem.
Antibiotic resistance is a serious health care problem related to the widespread use of antibiotics.
Antibiotic resistance is a serious problem.
Antibiotic resistance is a serious threat to human health, and new antibiotics are urgently needed.
Antibiotic resistance is a worrying component of the mechanisms of emerging infectious diseases.
Antibiotic resistance is also a concern.
Antibiotic resistance is an example of change brought about by human interference.
Antibiotic resistance is an excellent case study.
Antibiotic resistance is both a problem of animal agriculture and human health.
Antibiotic resistance is due to another gene in the plasmid.
Antibiotic resistance is evidence of evolution because the organisms changed over time.
Antibiotic resistance is generally low amongst feline staphylococci.
Antibiotic resistance is increasing, the journals are full of it.
Antibiotic resistance is linked to a genetic marker that can be transferred to other bacteria.
Antibiotic resistance is now a major public health issue.
Antibiotic resistance is of concern to human and animal practitioners.
Antibiotic resistance is particularly dangerous for children, but it can occur in adults as well.
Antibiotic resistance is particularly dangerous for children, but it can occur in adults, as well.
Antibiotic resistance is progressive, evolving from low levels through intermediate to high levels.
Antibiotic resistance is selected primarily in our patients.
Antibiotic resistance is spread by the bacteria themselves.
Antibiotic resistance poses a dire threat in hospitals and communities.
Antibiotic resistance provides a prominent case study.
Antibiotic resistance results from the natural selection of stronger bacteria over weaker ones.
Antibiotic resistance spreads fast but efforts are being made to slow it.
Antibiotic resistance spreads fast.
Antibiotic resistance spreads quickly.
All antibiotic resistance has a genetic basis.
Most antibiotic resistance becomes problems.
Antibiotic selection requires in vitro susceptibility data.
Antibiotic sensitivities are determined for all aerobic bacterial organisms.
Antibiotic sensitivity is the most important function of clinical microbiology.
Antibiotic susceptibilities are a separate category.
Antibiotic therapy can also be effective against many of the symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease.
Antibiotic therapy helps fight respiratory infections.
Antibiotic therapy helps problems.
Antibiotic therapy helps some dogs, even when there is no obvious infection.
Antibiotic therapy involves two phases.
Antibiotic therapy is a challenge in rabbits.
Antibiotic therapy is aimed at eradicating streptococci from the respiratory tract.
Antibiotic therapy is also a cornerstone of treatment.
Antibiotic therapy is drug therapy.
Antibiotic therapy is expensive.
Antibiotic therapy is generally ineffective.
Antibiotic therapy is guided by the patients history.
Antibiotic therapy is indicated if strep throat is diagnosed.
Antibiotic therapy is lengthy and several different treatments are available.
Antibiotic therapy is necessary but frequently yields disappointing results.
Antibiotic therapy is needed in severe cases and is then followed by removal of the affected teeth.
Antibiotic therapy is recommended to control secondary bacterial infections.
Antibiotic therapy is required.
Antibiotic therapy is started.
Antibiotic therapy is such an approach.
Antibiotic therapy is the mainstay of treatment once an infection has occurred.
Antibiotic therapy is the most common treatment once infection is confirmed.
Antibiotic therapy is used once the presence of the infection has been confirmed.
Antibiotic therapy is usually effective.
Antibiotic therapy is usually necessary for up to three weeks to control infection.
Antibiotic therapy is very effective for the cutaneous form of anthrax.
Antibiotic therapy requires a combination of two medications.
Antibiotic therapy shortens duration of illness.
Antibiotic therapy takes place at the producer level.
Antibiotic therapy yields disappoint results.
Antibiotic therapy yields poor results.
Antibiotic therapy yields results.
Most antibiotic therapy helps problems.
Antibiotic treatment aims at curing the disease.
Antibiotic treatment can consist of aminoglycosides, chloramphenicol, or tetracycline.
Antibiotic treatment cures the infection.
Antibiotic treatment is a cure when the diagnosis is made.
Antibiotic treatment is also necessary.
Antibiotic treatment is controversial.
Antibiotic treatment is effective in most cases.
Antibiotic treatment is extremely effective and results in complete recovery.
Antibiotic treatment is highly effective when diagnosis is early.
Antibiotic treatment is indicated and is nearly always successful.
Antibiotic treatment is more successful if the illness is treated within the first week of symptoms.
Antibiotic treatment is necessary.
Antibiotic treatment is often intravenous.
Antibiotic treatment is useless and can breed resistance.
Antibiotic treatment is usually successful.
Antibiotic treatment is usually very effective, especially if the disease is caught early.
Antibiotic treatment is vital in reducing mortality.
Antibiotic treatment resolves the illness quickly.
Antibiotic treatment varies depending upon where the infection is located.
Antibiotic treatments can hasten the development of drug resistances.
Antibiotic use can activate the bacteria into producing symptoms.
Antibiotic use can actually kill the friendly bacteria that otherwise controls fungal outbreaks.
Antibiotic use can have an effect on fungal infections.
Antibiotic use can prevent complicating secondary bacterial infections.
Antibiotic use continues at an unprecedented pace.
Antibiotic use drives resistance but more often drives cross resistance.
Antibiotic use is essential to produce poultry and pork by current methods.
Antibiotic use is routine to prevent disease and promote rapid growth.
Antibiotic is antibacterial.
Antibiotic is located in cabinets.
Antibiotic is located in capsules.
Antibiotic is located in pharmacies.
Antibiotic is medicine
Antibiotic is medicine.
Antibiotic isa medication.
Antibiotics act quickly and are a powerful way of temporarily getting rid of acne .
Antibiotics act quickly and are a powerful way of temporarily getting rid of acne.
Antibiotics additionally kill the beneficial bacteria.
Antibiotics affect porcine alveolar macrophage function.
Antibiotics also act by changing the intestinal flora.
Antibiotics also destroy natural bacteria in the intestine, opening the way for secondary infection.
Antibiotics also double the risk for vaginal infections in women.
Antibiotics also seem ineffective.
Antibiotics are a chemically diverse group of static or cidal compounds produced by microorganisms.
Antibiotics are a class of pharmaceuticals which are substances produced by microbes.
Antibiotics are a common cause since they kill the friendly bacteria that keep candida at bay.
Antibiotics are a double edged sword.
Antibiotics are a frequent cause, and weaken the body so the virus can attack.
Antibiotics are a good example because they deplete helpful bacteria.
Antibiotics are a mainstay in conventional treatment for skin disorders.
Antibiotics are a more conventional way of treating vaginal infection.
Antibiotics are a poor substitute for good surgical technique.
Antibiotics are a powerful weapon.
Antibiotics are a requirement after any dental procedures in an infected mouth environment.
Antibiotics are a valuable resource that is easily squandered.
Antibiotics are a valuable tool in the treatment of disease.
Antibiotics are a very valuable tool for the medical community to use to care for patients.
Antibiotics are a vital part of the therapeutic arsenal.
Antibiotics are added to warm media after removing the media from the autoclave.
Antibiotics are alien to the human body and in prescribed dosages are only mildly poisonous.
Antibiotics are almost always an inferior treatment choice, anyway.
Antibiotics are also available for treatment.
Antibiotics are also essential.
Antibiotics are also more effective when given intravenously.
Antibiotics are also necessary in most cases of chronic sinusitis.
Antibiotics are also necessary.
Antibiotics are also off limits.
Antibiotics are also responsible for creating new and unusual challenges for the immune system.
Antibiotics are always the best medicine.
Antibiotics are among most misused medications.
Antibiotics are among the greatest achievements of medical science.
Antibiotics are among the most frequently used medications in ambulatory care.
Antibiotics are among the most important drugs available in our society.
Antibiotics are among the most powerful and important medicines available.
Antibiotics are among the most powerful and important medicines known.
Antibiotics are among the most widely prescribed drugs worldwide.
Antibiotics are an effective treatment.
Antibiotics are an example of medications that interfere with the effectiveness of the pill.
Antibiotics are an important treatment option against bacterial diseases if they are used properly.
Antibiotics are another category of drugs that are beneficial to patients.
Antibiotics are another possible cause, as they kill helpful as well as harmful bacteria.
Antibiotics are antimicrobial agents, many of which are used to combat a bacterial infection.
Antibiotics are any substances that inhibit or kill certain microorganisms.
Antibiotics are available at the nursing station.
Antibiotics are available for the treatment of bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are available for treatment.
Antibiotics are available in the form of tablets, capsules or injections.
Antibiotics are available on a maintenance basis only.
Antibiotics are available only from a healthcare provider.
Antibiotics are available to help treat the symptoms.
Antibiotics are beneficial.
Antibiotics are beyond improvization.
Antibiotics are chemical substances that are secreted by living things.
Antibiotics are compounds that kill bacteria, but bacteria can become resistant to it.
Antibiotics are definitely in order.
Antibiotics are drugs capable of destroying the balance of healthy intestinal microorganisms.
Antibiotics are drugs or medicines that doctors use to kill bacteria and cure infections.
Antibiotics are drugs that are used to kill bacteria.
Antibiotics are drugs that classically are used in the treatment of bacterial diseases.
Antibiotics are drugs that kill bacteria.
Antibiotics are drugs that kill invading bacteria.
Antibiotics are drugs that kill or impair bacteria.
Antibiotics are drugs used to fight disease in both humans and animals.
Antibiotics are drugs used to kill bacteria.
Antibiotics are drugs used to kill or harm specific bacteria.
Antibiotics are drugs used to treat infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics are effective against bacteria.
Antibiotics are effective against bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are effective against the infection.
Antibiotics are effective against trachoma, but old bottles are much easier to come by.
Antibiotics are effective for bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are effective if given promptly.
Antibiotics are effective if started early enough.
Antibiotics are effective if the disease is caught in the early stages.
Antibiotics are effective in killing the pathogens.
Antibiotics are effective in preventing or reducing the number of further attacks.
Antibiotics are effective in treating the disease, with the sores healing in about two weeks.
Antibiotics are effective in treatment, but who and when to treat needs to be individualized.
Antibiotics are effective.
Antibiotics are essential tools in disease-management regimen in food animals.
Antibiotics are even more difficult.
Antibiotics are far from being the only crossover medica-tions in human and canine health.
Antibiotics are fed to reduce liver abscesses in cattle fed high-concentrate rations.
Antibiotics are generally ineffective but are still widely used.
Antibiotics are generally of little benefit, and surgery is required in advanced cases.
Antibiotics are generally the most appropriate treatment.
Antibiotics are generally very safe.
Antibiotics are given shortly before the start of the surgery.
Antibiotics are given to treat any bacterial infection present .
Antibiotics are given to treat any bacterial infection present.
Antibiotics are helpful for the treatment of ear infections.
Antibiotics are helpful from time to time, to control secondary urinary tract infections.
Antibiotics are helpful if the cause is a bacterium.
Antibiotics are important if the dermatitis is weeping, sticky or crusted.
Antibiotics are important in helping our bodies to get rid of foreign invaders.
Antibiotics are important to treat serious infections in animals and people.
Antibiotics are important.
Antibiotics are in place with forces in the region in sufficient quantities.
Antibiotics are ineffective against viral infections, including colds.
Antibiotics are ineffective against viruses.
Antibiotics are ineffective and the condition has been known to last for years.
Antibiotics are ineffective in treating viral infections.
Antibiotics are ineffective in viral meningitis.
Antibiotics are ineffective.
Antibiotics are medications that are active against bacteria .
Antibiotics are medicines designed to either kill or inhibit microorganisms.
Antibiotics are medicine's primary weapon against bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are medicines that kill bacteria .
Antibiotics are medicines that kill bacteria.
Antibiotics are medicines that kill germs like bacteria .
Antibiotics are medicines that kill germs like bacteria.
Antibiotics are medicines that stop the growth and reproduction of bacteria.
Antibiotics are medicines used in the treatment of infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics are medicines used to treat and prevent bacterial diseases.
Antibiotics are medicines used to treat specific infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics are moderately effective is administered quickly and correctly.
Antibiotics are more likely to be needed if there is bloody diarrhea.
Antibiotics are most effective if given early in the first phase of the illness.
Antibiotics are most effective in getting rid of bacteria when they are actively growing.
Antibiotics are most effective when they are used as little as possible.
Antibiotics are mostly important in stopping the spread of whooping cough infection.
Antibiotics are narrowly focused toxins.
Antibiotics are necessary if a bacterial infection is suspected.
Antibiotics are necessary.
Antibiotics are no longer free.
Antibiotics are of doubtful value, in spite of the fever and leukocytosis.
Antibiotics are of little value in treating brucellosis.
Antibiotics are of no use in viral meningitis.
Antibiotics are of no value for viral diseases.
Antibiotics are of no value unless influenza becomes complicated by secondary bacterial infection.
Antibiotics are often ineffective in treating the nonbacterial forms of prostatitis.
Antibiotics are often ineffective.
Antibiotics are often over-prescribed to placate patients.
Antibiotics are OK for illnesses that are caused by germs.
Antibiotics are on their way.
Antibiotics are one of our most important weapons against some infections.
Antibiotics are one of the most common causes of residual pathogenic factor in our society.
Antibiotics are one of the most common feed additives.
Antibiotics are only effective against bacteria, which are very different from viruses.
Antibiotics are only effective against bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are only effective against infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics are only effective for diseases caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics are only effective for treating bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are only effective if they are administered shortly after exposure.
Antibiotics are only effective in the treatment of bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are only effective when given to treat bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are only necessary if signs of systemic or extensive local infection are noted.
Antibiotics are only necessary if there are radiologic signs of pneumonia.
Antibiotics are only one approach.
Antibiotics are only one type of ammunition in the war against an ever-changing and alert enemy.
Antibiotics are only rational if a urinary tract infection is confirmed.
Antibiotics are only transiently helpful.
Antibiotics are only useful against bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are only useful if there is a bacterial infection of the sinuses.
Antibiotics are optional and based on the needs of the individual horse.
Antibiotics are overused, especially in the private health-care sector.
Antibiotics are particularly effective when sanitation is below normal and stress is above normal.
Antibiotics are powerful and important medications used to treat certain illnesses.
Antibiotics are powerful drugs used to treat certain illnesses.
Antibiotics are powerful medications that kill infection-causing bacteria.
Antibiotics are powerful medicines that are effective against a wide range of bacteria.
Antibiotics are powerful medicines that can cure infections caused by bacteria .
Antibiotics are powerful medicines used to treat bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are powerless against the virus.
Antibiotics are precious medicines that are desperately needed to save lives.
Antibiotics are prescribed to boost the body 's natural defences .
Antibiotics are prescribed to boost the body's natural defences.
Antibiotics are prescription drugs for a reason.
Antibiotics are prescription drugs that attack bacterial germs.
Antibiotics are rather easy to discover, but few are of medical or commercial value.
Antibiotics are relatively inexpensive and easily tolerated.
Antibiotics are responsible for creating new and unusual challenges against the immune system.
Antibiotics are responsible for the elimination of plaques.
Antibiotics are scare due to the sanctions.
Antibiotics are selected based on organism.
Antibiotics are simply substances that kill bacteria.
Antibiotics are some of the most dependable and effective drugs available for treatment of disease.
Antibiotics are special medicines which help treat or prevent infections.
Antibiotics are standard dermatologic therapy for acne.
Antibiotics are still a good choice for use in the treatment of certain cases of mastitis.
Antibiotics are strong medicines that can stop some infections and save lives.
Antibiotics are strong medicines that treat bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are substances of biological origin that kill bacteria.
Antibiotics are substances produced in a microorganism which inhibit the growth of other microbes.
Antibiotics are successful in treating syphilis.
Antibiotics are the answer.
Antibiotics are the least complex and least expensive life-sustaining technologies.
Antibiotics are the main means of treatment for the disease.
Antibiotics are the main treatment for a kidney infection.
Antibiotics are the main treatment.
Antibiotics are the mainstay of treatment for both acute and chronic sinusitis.
Antibiotics are the mainstay of treatment of ear infections.
Antibiotics are the mainstay of treatment, especially for the early stages of the disease.
Antibiotics are the most common type of medicines that cause allergic reactions.
Antibiotics are the most commonly prescribed class of drugs in outpatient settings.
Antibiotics are the new cure for ulcers.
Antibiotics are the only weapons that successfully can attack the bacteria that cause sinusitis.
Antibiotics are the original cause of the change on the terrain.
Antibiotics are the primary treatment for a kidney infection.
Antibiotics are the second most commonly used class of drugs in the United States.
Antibiotics are the treatment of choice for a bacterial ear infection.
Antibiotics are the treatment of choice for bacterial infections of the tonsils.
Antibiotics are the treatment of choice for strep.
Antibiotics are the treatment of choice for the common cold.
Antibiotics are the typical cause, but chemotherapy and abdominal surgery can also act as catalysts.
Antibiotics are the usual treatment for bladder infections and other urinary tract infections .
Antibiotics are the usual treatment for UTIs.
Antibiotics are the usual treatment.
Antibiotics are the usually successful therapy.
Antibiotics are totally worthless and ineffective for the treatment of flu or other viral diseases.
Antibiotics are truly miracle drugs.
Antibiotics are ubiquitous in nature.
Antibiotics are unable to eradicate it because the bacteria produce a protective biofilm.
Antibiotics are unlikely to cause trouble.
Antibiotics are unnecessary.
Antibiotics are used to block the disease without affecting the individual.
Antibiotics are used to promote growth and treat sick cattle.
Antibiotics are used to treat mastitis.
Antibiotics are used to treat simple cases of urinary tract infections .
Antibiotics are used to treat simple cases of urinary tract infections.
Antibiotics are used to treat staph infections.
Antibiotics are useful and effective medications when used to treat bacterial infections.
Antibiotics are useful if infection is present.
Antibiotics are useful in both the prevention and treatment of leptospirosis.
Antibiotics are useful in cases of bacterial infection.
Antibiotics are useful in prevention and treatment of leptospirosis.
Antibiotics are useful in treating asthma.
Antibiotics are useful medicines.
Antibiotics are useful particularly if there are pustules.
Antibiotics are useful when a bacterial infection occurs.
Antibiotics are useless against viruses which cause colds and flus.
Antibiotics are useless in fighting viral infections such as a cold, cough or flu.
Antibiotics are useless in treating it, because they have no affect on viruses.
Antibiotics are useless treatments for both.
Antibiotics are usually effective if the disease is recognized early and treatment is prolonged.
Antibiotics are usually effective in curing infections.
Antibiotics are usually effective, especially if treatment starts early in the disease process.
Antibiotics are usually effective.
Antibiotics are usually in a pill, capsule, or liquid form.
Antibiotics are usually inefficient for the treatment of cat scratch disease.
Antibiotics are usually irrelevant, according to most sources.
Antibiotics are usually necessary.
Antibiotics are usually successful in treating mild or early infections of chlamydia.
Antibiotics are usually very effective Fortunately, cellulitis usually responds well to antibiotics.
Antibiotics are very cold in nature and so they can cause additional problems for the Spleen.
Antibiotics are very effective if a full course is taken for about a week.
Antibiotics are very effective in killing the bacteria.
Antibiotics are very important in medicine but they do have limitations.
Antibiotics are very safe and effective if taken correctly.
Antibiotics are way overused and even abused by the medical profession as well as by food producers.
Antibiotics are widely used antibiotics include penicillin, streptomycin, and tetracycline.
Antibiotics are wonder drugs.
Antibiotics are, in effect, being used as a substitute for good husbandry and hygiene.
Antibiotics attack specific infections.
Antibiotics attack the bacterial cell wall and stop bacteria from growing and reproducing.
Antibiotics attack the cell walls or other targets that are only found in bacteria.
Antibiotics block specific metabolic pathways found in bacteria.
Antibiotics bring healing.
Antibiotics can act to directly kill bacteria.
Antibiotics can affect gut flora.
Antibiotics can also cause diarrhea and fungal infections.
Antibiotics can also effect the mucous membrane, making it more vulnerable to acids.
Antibiotics can also effect the mucus membrane, making it more vulnerable to acids.
Antibiotics can also eliminate persitant infections.
Antibiotics can also have an adverse effect on respiratory muscle function.
Antibiotics can also help correct reflux caused by an infection.
Antibiotics can also inhibit the immune system and reduce absorption of nutrients.
Antibiotics can also pose a problem even when prescribed for legitimate bacterial infections.
Antibiotics can arrest the progression of leprosy or even cure the disease.
Antibiotics can be effective in treatment of some forms of leptospirosis.
Antibiotics can be effective.
Antibiotics can be very effective against bacterial infections.
Antibiotics can be very effective for acne.
Antibiotics can cause allergic reactions , stomach upset, and other side effects.
Antibiotics can cause allergic reactions and stomach upset.
Antibiotics can cause excessive levels of theophylline in the blood.
Antibiotics can cause nausea, diarrhea, and stomach pain.
Antibiotics can cause nutrient depletions by several different mechanisms.
Antibiotics can cause photosensitivity.
Antibiotics can cause side effects such as stomach upset and rashes.
Antibiotics can cause side effects, the most common of which are rash, nausea, and diarrhea.
Antibiotics can cause stomach upset and allergic reactions .
Antibiotics can cause stomach upset, allergic reactions , and other effects.
Antibiotics can cause stomach upset, rash, allergic reactions , or other side effects.
Antibiotics can cause unfavorable reactions such as, nausea, diarrhea, and stomach pain.
Antibiotics can change the proper balance of bacteria in the intestines and cause diarrhea.
Antibiotics can clear up sinusitis by killing bacteria that cause it.
Antibiotics can control the infection.
Antibiotics can cure a cold or attack viruses.
Antibiotics can cure it.
Antibiotics can cure most STDs completely.
Antibiotics can cure patients in the earlier stages of the disease.
Antibiotics can cure strep throat because it is a bacterial infection.
Antibiotics can cure syphilis if it's caught early.
Antibiotics can cure the disease if administered within about a month after exposure.
Antibiotics can cure ulcers, and even some cases of the lymphoma.
Antibiotics can decrease the duration of symptoms.
Antibiotics can eliminate the underlying infection.
Antibiotics can have side effects and cause an overgrowth of yeast.
Antibiotics can have side effects.
Antibiotics can help a cat recover from salmonella infections.
Antibiotics can help a person with strep throat.
Antibiotics can help cure colds and flu.
Antibiotics can help fight colds and flus.
Antibiotics can help reduce the child's discomfort when there is a bacterial infection.
Antibiotics can help.
Antibiotics can interfere with birth control pills .
Antibiotics can kill beneficial gut bacteria.
Antibiotics can kill good digestive bacteria.
Antibiotics can kill of a wide variety of bacterial cells in a human body.
Antibiotics can kill the bacteria to prevent more toxin from being produced.
Antibiotics can lessen the adverse effects and prevent serious heart damage.
Antibiotics can make the disease milder if they are started early enough.
Antibiotics can often cure bacterial infections, but they never cure viral infections.
Antibiotics can often improve symptoms.
Antibiotics can only be effective against bacteria that are actively metabolising.
Antibiotics can prevent or cure a secondary infection.
Antibiotics can prevent such an infection from occurring in the first place.
Antibiotics can produce diarrhea.
Antibiotics can reduce swelling and ulcers in Crohn's disease.
Antibiotics can reduce symptoms associated with infection.
Antibiotics can reduce the bacteria that keep the yeast in check, allowing the yeast to overgrow.
Antibiotics can reduce the effectiveness of birth control pills.
Antibiotics can result in severe allergic reaction.
Antibiotics can result in yeast overgrowth, especially in female patients.
Antibiotics can safely save lives when prescribed appropriately.
Antibiotics can save lives, used wrongly they can wreck lives.
Antibiotics can stop the spread of infection if administered immediately.
Antibiotics can totally cancel metabolic absorption.
Antibiotics can treat prostatitis.
Antibiotics can treat the infection.
Antibiotics can upset the balance of that flora.
Antibiotics can upset the natural balance of bacteria in the intestines.
Antibiotics can usually cure the earlier stages of the disease.
Antibiotics can usually put an end to the infection.
Antibiotics cause diarrhea.
Antibiotics cause the microbe to die.
Antibiotics cause tooth decay in multiple ways.
Antibiotics change the normal digestive tract flora and allow the organism to overgrow.
Antibiotics change the way bacteria and other microorganisms act inside the body.
Antibiotics clears it up.
Antibiotics come as solutions for the skin or as pills.
Antibiotics commonly used include ceftriaxone, tetracycline, doxycycline, and quinolones.
Antibiotics confer a relative benefit in the treatment of sore throat.
Antibiotics control the bacterial infection.
Antibiotics cost the grower money.
Antibiotics create a fungus-friendly intestinal environment.
Antibiotics cure all sore throats.
Antibiotics cure infections by killing bacteria.
Antibiotics cure the infection.
Antibiotics decompose with time.
Antibiotics degrade over time and can form harmful breakdown products.
Antibiotics destroy all bacteria in the body, even healthy ones.
Antibiotics destroy bacteria which medicine claims causes disease.
Antibiotics destroy both good and bad bacteria.
Antibiotics destroy both harmful bacteria and good bacteria.
Antibiotics destroy spirochetes, some nematodes starve and die, but survivor nematodes still farm.
Antibiotics destroy the normal healthy intestinal flora and function of the digestive tract.
Antibiotics destroy vital beneficial bacteria that live in the intestinal system.
Antibiotics differ from each other in their chemical structures and mode of action.
Antibiotics do appear to help relieve most of the symptoms more quickly.
Antibiotics do have an expiration date, so be sure to discard after that date.
Antibiotics do kill specific bacteria.
Antibiotics do nothing to counter a viral infection.
Antibiotics double the risk for vaginal infections in women.
Antibiotics favor the growth of yeast.
Antibiotics fight diseases that are caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics fight infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics fight the bacteria that are causing the sinus infection.
Antibiotics give good treatment.
Antibiotics given early in the course of the disease can prevent chronic arthritis.
Antibiotics given quickly are the treatment for meningococcal infection.
Antibiotics given to human beings make up only half the antibiotic use in the United States.
Antibiotics given to the mother can cause colic in the kittens.
Antibiotics have a place in farming, but it is their indiscriminate use that is causing concern.
Antibiotics have a very hard time getting in there.
Antibiotics have a vital role to play in human and animal medicine.
Antibiotics have had no effect - the condition persists.
Antibiotics have individual side effects.
Antibiotics have little if no effect, supportive care of the symptoms is the only treatment.
Antibiotics have no effect against a viral illness like the flu.
Antibiotics have no effect against the virus that causes colds.
Antibiotics have no effect against viral illnesses.
Antibiotics have no effect against viral infections and thus have no effect against the common cold.
Antibiotics have no effect on colds or flu.
Antibiotics have no effect on colds.
Antibiotics have no effect on most infections which afflict the human body.
Antibiotics have no effect on the disease, which is usually self-limited.
Antibiotics have no effect on the flu.
Antibiotics have no effect on viral diseases.
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses , but several antiviral drugs have been developed .
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses, because the virus lacks the target.
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses, but several antiviral drugs have been developed.
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses.
Antibiotics have no role in treating common colds.
Antibiotics have no useful role unless bacterial superinfection is present.
Antibiotics have people living longer today than ever before.
Antibiotics have side effects, eg vomiting, diarrhoea and skin rash.
Antibiotics help ensure complete eradication of the infection.
Antibiotics help fight infections that can cause bronchitis and sinusitis.
Antibiotics help fight stomach cancer.
Antibiotics help get infection to certain threshold and the immune system kicks in to help.
Antibiotics help only strep throats.
Antibiotics help prevent infection.
Antibiotics help prevent infections and certain medication can help alleviate the pain.
Antibiotics help treat a cold.
Antibiotics help treat a pneumonia caused by a bacteria.
Antibiotics incorporated also can produce sensitization.
Antibiotics increase functional bowel symptoms.
Antibiotics increase the potency of steroids by slowing their rate of elimination from the body.
Antibiotics increase the recurrence rate of otitis media.
Antibiotics is the cure.
Antibiotics kill all bacteria, even the healthy ones, and encourage yeast overgrowth.
Antibiotics kill bacteria by reacting with a specific protein at the surface of cell membranes.
Antibiotics kill bacteria inside the body.
Antibiotics kill bacteria on plants which results in ice forming less readily.
Antibiotics kill bacteria or arrest bacterial growth in a number of ways.
Antibiotics kill bacteria or prevent their growth by a variety of mechanisms.
Antibiotics kill bacteria that cause such ailments as ear infections and strep throat.
Antibiotics kill bacteria, but are completely harmless to viruses.
Antibiotics kill bacteria, but colds are caused by viruses.
Antibiotics kill bacteria.
Antibiotics kill chlamydia bacteria.
Antibiotics kill disease-causing bacteria by interfering with their processes.
Antibiotics kill easier.
Antibiotics kill good and bad bacteria.
Antibiotics kill off a bunch of bacteria.
Antibiotics kill off an infection, too, but they work faster.
Antibiotics kill off beneficial bacteria as well as pathogens.
Antibiotics kill off everything indiscriminately, unable to tell one bacteria from another.
Antibiotics kill off the 'good' bacteria which control the growth of yeasts.
Antibiotics kill off the good bugs right along with the bad ones.
Antibiotics kill only bacteria they have no effect on viruses, which also cause pneumonia.
Antibiotics kill or inhibit susceptible bacteria and resistant ones survive.
Antibiotics kill organisms.
Antibiotics kill some helpful bacteria that normally live in the digestive system.
Antibiotics kill the bacteria that cause infection.
Antibiotics kill the bacteria that cause infections.
Antibiotics kill the bacteria that have colonized the follicles.
Antibiotics kill the good bacteria along with the bad bacteria.
Antibiotics kill the good bacteria.
Antibiotics kill the normal beneficial bacterial living in the intestines.
Antibiotics lead to the development of resistant bacteria in the colon.
Antibiotics Match the following drugs with their mechanism of action.
Antibiotics only attack bacteria and have no effect on the cold virus.
Antibiotics only fight bacterial infections.
Antibiotics only kill bacteria.
Antibiotics only kill certain on viruses.
Antibiotics only work against bacteria and are useless against viruses.
Antibiotics only work against bacteria.
Antibiotics only work against infections caused by bacteria .
Antibiotics only work against infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics only work against organisms called bacteria , which can cause illness.
Antibiotics only work against some infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics only work for specific bacterial infections.
Antibiotics pass from the mother's blood stream through the placenta to the infant.
Antibiotics play a limited role, but vaccination is essential.
Antibiotics play no role in their treatment and are a wasted health care dollar.
Antibiotics play only a partial role, the host's immune system is required to clear the infection.
Antibiotics pose another problem because they interfere with the normal intestinal flora.
Antibiotics pose other risks to the patient.
Antibiotics prescribed include erythromycin and ampicillin.
Antibiotics prevent complications of the flu.
Antibiotics prevent fermentation.
Antibiotics prevent nothing.
Antibiotics prevents liver injury in rats following long-term exposure to ethanol.
Antibiotics promote in vitro organogenesis in peanut.
Antibiotics protect against any infection.
Antibiotics provide a treatment regimen, and a vaccine is available.
Antibiotics provide at best temporary relief.
Antibiotics provide modest benefit for acute otitis media.
Antibiotics rank among the most important of all life saving drugs today.
Antibiotics reduce the bacterial activity in the gut causing gaseousness and diarrhea.
Antibiotics reduce the chance of postoperative infections.
Antibiotics relieve our symptoms by killing spirochetes.
Antibiotics remain an effective course of treatment.
Antibiotics represent the second largest therapeutic category in terms of pharmaceutical sales.
Antibiotics save many lives every year.
Antibiotics seem to clear it up though, according to another musher.
Antibiotics shorten the duration of diarrhea, eliminate the organisms from the stool.
Antibiotics shorten the duration of symptoms, but by a mean of only about half of one day.
Antibiotics slow the spread of infection so that a person's own body can fight off the infection.
Antibiotics specifically attack the metabolism of a bacterial cell.
Antibiotics stimulate the fungus' growth and eliminate protective bacteria.
Antibiotics supposedly kill the friendly bacteria that our bodies depend on for healthy function.
Antibiotics take a bite out of bad gums .
Antibiotics take a bite out of bad gums.
Antibiotics take a few days to start working so the return to the box was still painful.
Antibiotics treat life-threatening bacteria.
Antibiotics treat only bacterial infections and are completely powerless against viral illnesses.
Antibiotics treat the illness.
Antibiotics used in dentistry can interfere with the action of birth control pills.
Antibiotics waste tremendous amounts of magnesium.
Antibiotics weaken or destroy bacteria.
Antibiotics weaken the immune system.
Antibiotics When taken during pregnancy, antibiotics can cause problems.
Antibiotics wipe out friendly bacteria in the gut while they're knocking out enemies.
Antibiotics work against bacteria.
Antibiotics work because the biochemistry of bacteria is far different from that of human beings.
Antibiotics work best when taken at the same time each day.
Antibiotics work best when there is a steady blood level.
Antibiotics work by disrupting certain bacterial metabolic processes.
Antibiotics work by either stopping the growth or directly killing the bacteria.
Antibiotics work by eliminating disease- causing organisms.
Antibiotics work in infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics work on bacteria only.
Antibiotics work on bacteria.
Antibiotics work on various types of infections caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics work only against infections that are caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics work only on bacteria.
Antibiotics work well for local infections.
Antibiotics work well when given early.
Antibiotics frequently cause a zone of accelerated growth in bacteriological assay work.
Antibiotics often cure an infection completely.
Antibiotics often kill the good bacteria along with the harmful ones.
Antibiotics often prove useless after a short period.
Antibiotics often work when the infection is caused by bacteria.
Antibiotics usually clear up disease symptoms two or three days after treatment begins.
Antibiotics usually clear up impetigo in four or five days.
Antibiotics usually clear up the peritonitis, but sometimes an infection becomes life-threatening.
Antibiotics usually cure anthrax of the skin.
Antibiotics usually fill in the gaps.
Antibiotics usually kill bacteria by interfering with an essential aspect of bacterial life.
Antibiotics usually prevent it from crossing the placenta.
Antibiotics usually resolve acute prostatitis infections in a very short period of time .
Antibiotics usually resolve acute prostatitis infections in a very short period of time.
Antibiotics usually work fast.
All antibiotics are potentially life-sustaining.
All antibiotics can cause an allergy.
All antibiotics can cause hypersensitivity reactions.
All antibiotics carry the risk for allergic reactions, which can be serious in some cases.
All antibiotics have side effects, most mild and self limited, some serious and permanent.
All antibiotics have side effects.
Any antibiotic can cause an allergic reaction.
Any antibiotic can leave behind some bacteria.
Many antibiotics act by binding to bacterial ribosomes and inhibiting translation.
Many antibiotics affect the ribosome.
Many antibiotics are now available, although they are quite costly.
Many antibiotics are structurally similar to chemicals processed by enzyme systems.
Many antibiotics can cause diarrhea.
Many antibiotics can irritate the stomach.
Many antibiotics cause diarrhea.
Many antibiotics cause temporary nausea and abdominal cramps.
Many antibiotics chelate divalent cations such as magnesium and calcium, causing their inactivation.
Many antibiotics have no effect on gram-negative bacteria.
Many antibiotics precipitate in water and are destroyed by light.
Many antibiotics remove the effectiveness of oral contraceptives.
Many antibiotics work by inactivating an essential bacterial protein.
Many antibiotics work by preventing bacteria from building cell walls.
Most antibiotics are about half the cost of their U.S. counterparts.
Most antibiotics are designed to be lethal to a particular type or group of pathogens.
Most antibiotics are from fungi, which have waged war of survival with bacteria.
Most antibiotics are heat sensitive.
Most antibiotics are no longer effective.
Most antibiotics are safe when nursing.
Most antibiotics come from natural products.
Most antibiotics destroy organisms as they replicate.
Most antibiotics fail to reach infected tissue and bacteria.
Most antibiotics have a withholding period.
Most antibiotics kill only a few different disease causing organisms.
Most antibiotics require a specific regimen to be effective.
Most antibiotics taken by mouth are fairly safe.
Most antibiotics used by the dentist during pregnancy are safe.
Some antibiotics are better on strep than others.
Some antibiotics are detrimental to phagocytosis.
Some antibiotics are effective against only certain types of bacteria.
Some antibiotics are effective for treating and preventing pustules and cysts of severe acne.
Some antibiotics are harmless.
Some antibiotics are safe.
Some antibiotics are safer than others.
Some antibiotics can be effective in treating ulcerative colitis.
Some antibiotics can be fatal to guinea pigs.
Some antibiotics can block protein synthesis in bacteria without affecting the eukaryotic host.
Some antibiotics can cause side effects.
Some antibiotics can make methotrexate much more toxic.
Some antibiotics cause more superinfection than others.
Some antibiotics cause photosensitivity.
Some antibiotics cause sensitivity to the sun.
Some antibiotics dissolve the membrane of just bacterial cells.
Some antibiotics inhibit protein synthesis by preventing subunits from assembling.
Some antibiotics interfere with the pill's effectiveness.
Some antibiotics kill naturally occurring bacteria that are needed by the body.
Some antibiotics work by keeping translation from happening .
Some antibiotics work by keeping translation from happening.
Antibiotics resistance is a growing problem.
Antibiotics resistance is a large, serious and growing problem around the world.
Antibody deficiency is usually secondary to other causes in older patients.
Antibody fragment is omitted.
Antibody response is reduced in immunosuppressed patients.
Antibody response is through the activation of B cells.
Antibody tests are helpful in measuring the incidence or spread of a disease.
Antibody tests can have false positives.
Antibody tests can sometimes be negative.
Antibody tests determine whether the man or woman produces antibodies to sperm.
Antibody tests use blood samples.
Antibody tests use samples.
All antibody tests are normal.
Most antibody tests use blood samples.
Antibody testing detects current or past infection with the cytomegalovirus.
Antibody testing is sufficient.
Most antibody therapies are particularly successful against leukemias as opposed to solid tumors.
Antibody titer is amount of antibody present in serum.
Antibody titers peak one to two weeks after the onset of clinical disease.
An antibody is a protein
Antibodies accept the body's infection and then turn the virus's own weapons back on itself.
Antibodies act as flexible adapters mediating the adherence of infectious agents to phagocytes.
Antibodies act as warriors.
Antibodies act in several ways.
Antibodies act to protect the body from infections such as bacteria and viruses.
Antibodies affect functions.
Antibodies affect lymphocyte functions.
Antibodies affect pregnancy.
Antibodies affect subsequent pregnancy.
Antibodies also appear in mother's milk that protect the baby before it can protect itself.
Antibodies also cause viruses to clump together, which helps macrophages to engulf the pathogens.
Antibodies also help bring in a large number of phagocytes which remove the antigen.
Antibodies also inhibit the enzyme activity synergistically.
Antibodies also leave behind traces of the virus for which they function as antidote.
Antibodies ambush antigens circulating in the bloodstream.
Antibodies appear in animals.
Antibodies are a group of proteins known as immunoglobulins.
Antibodies are a major category of biotechnology products being tested in human clinical trials.
Antibodies are a part of the immune system that the body produces to help fight off diseases.
Antibodies are absolutely necessary for complement activation.
Antibodies are against bacteria.
Antibodies are already present.
Antibodies are also large molecules similar in size to that of an enzyme.
Antibodies are also very important tools used in medicine and science.
Antibodies are an essential part of the immune system, the other being killer cells.
Antibodies are antigen specific.
Antibodies are available.
Antibodies are blood proteins that the body makes in response to infection.
Antibodies are capable of a. neutralizing toxins.
Antibodies are cells that fight viruses in the body before the virus endangers a person s health.
Antibodies are certain kinds of proteins that circulate in our blood.
Antibodies are chemicals produced by a kind of white blood cell.
Antibodies are chemicals that circulate in the blood and attack specific antigens.
Antibodies are collected, concentrated, and injected into a snakebite victim.
Antibodies are crucial elements in the immune defence of humans and other mammals.
Antibodies are crucial in combatting many extrancellular infections.
Antibodies are custom designed to neutralize or disintegrate one specific type of antigen.
Antibodies are disease-fighters which give the baby extra protection against germs.
Antibodies are disease-fighting proteins that the immune system creates in response to an infection.
Antibodies are disease-fighting substances that circulate in the bloodstream.
Antibodies are effective in a number of ways.
Antibodies are excellent diagnostic tools as they are monospecific for a protein.
Antibodies are globular proteins.
Antibodies are glycoproteins that are secreted by B-cells in response to specific antigens.
Antibodies are goodies and bacteria are baddies .
Antibodies are hard to purify.
Antibodies are highly selective and attack only one type of virus.
Antibodies are highly specific proteins in the immune systems of complex organisms.
Antibodies are how the immune system reacts to substances that affect it adversely.
Antibodies are immune cells that fight off infections in healthy people.
Antibodies are immune system proteins that recognize a particular substance.
Antibodies are important proteins produced by the body's immune system to fight disease.
Antibodies are like buglers calling the soldiers to attack.
Antibodies are like heat-seeking missiles that zero in on a particular virus and kill it.
Antibodies are like soldiers guarding a castle.
Antibodies are markers that are produced by the body after the virus enters the blood stream.
Antibodies are molecular structures that the body produces naturally to fight infection.
Antibodies are molecules generated by the immune system to help fight infection.
Antibodies are molecules in the immune system that help the body fight infection.
Antibodies are molecules that attach themselves to cells infected by a specific pathogen.
Antibodies are much smaller than bacteria in physical size.
Antibodies are natural proteins found in blood and body secretions which protect against infection.
Antibodies are often very selective, acting only on one particular substance or type of microbe.
Antibodies are one type of substance the body produces to fight off infectious agents.
Antibodies are our body's natural defense to invaders.
Antibodies are our defense against many invading agents.
Antibodies are part of the acquired or specific branch of the immune system.
Antibodies are part of the bodys defense system against viruses.
Antibodies are part of the body's natural defences which fight infections and viruses.
Antibodies are part of the immune system.
Antibodies are part of the specific immune system.
Antibodies are part of the specific immunity .
Antibodies are produced by organisms.
Antibodies are produced by the body against the protein.
Antibodies are produced to fight off future invaders.
Antibodies are protective substances that the body produces in defense against infectious diseases.
Antibodies are protein molecules that the body uses to fight infection.
Antibodies are protein molecules.
Antibodies are protein substances that react against bacteria and other harmful material.
Antibodies are proteins found in blood and lymph.
Antibodies are proteins in the blood that help protect the body from disease.
Antibodies are proteins made by the immune system to fight off foreign substances.
Antibodies are proteins made by the immune system.
Antibodies are proteins produced by B cells that bind to antigens and promote antigen destruction.
Antibodies are proteins produced by the immune system to fight a specific germ.
Antibodies are proteins produced by the immune system.
Antibodies are proteins that a person's immune system makes to fight germs.
Antibodies are proteins that are measured in the blood.
Antibodies are proteins that are part of the body's natural defence against infection.
Antibodies are proteins that are produced by a. macrophages.
Antibodies are proteins that are produced by B lymphocytes in the immune system.
Antibodies are proteins that can attach to the surfaces of bacteria and viruses.
Antibodies are proteins that circulate in the body and defend the body from harm.
Antibodies are proteins that defend against bacteria and viruses found in body fluids.
Antibodies are proteins that have the ability to bind antigens.
Antibodies are proteins that move throughout the blood stream to fight foreign, harmful substances.
Antibodies are proteins that play a key role in the body's immune system.
Antibodies are proteins that react with specific germs.
Antibodies are proteins that the body develops in response to a specific virus or disease.
Antibodies are proteins that the body normally makes to fight infection.
Antibodies are proteins that the body produces to fight off foreign invaders.
Antibodies are proteins which are normally directed against foreign substances such as bacteria.
Antibodies are proteins which are produced by the immune system in response to some stimulus.
Antibodies are proteins which attach to the invader so that the body can identify and kill it.
Antibodies are proteins which help the goat kid fight diseases.
Antibodies are proteins, which recognise molecular shapes or epitopes known as antigens.
Antibodies are proteins.
Antibodies are small proteins which target special markers on the surface of certain types of cells.
Antibodies are smart missiles.
Antibodies are special defensive proteins that normally fight off infections in healthy individuals.
Antibodies are special proteins, which inactivate antigens.
Antibodies are specific for only one antigen.
Antibodies are specific reagents to bind to plant calreticulin proteins.
Antibodies are structurally unrelated to the humoral factors found in invertebrates.
Antibodies are substances in the blood plasma that fight infections.
Antibodies are substances in the blood that destroy bacteria, viruses or other harmful agents.
Antibodies are substances produced in response to bacteria, viruses and allergens.
Antibodies are substances that develop in the blood to help fight infection.
Antibodies are substances that form in the blood when germs enter the body.
Antibodies are substances that the body itself produces in response to an infection.
Antibodies are the bodies way of fighting infection.
Antibodies are the body's protectors.
Antibodies are the circulating defense agents of the immune system.
Antibodies are the key element in the adaptive immune system.
Antibodies are the long distance smart bombs of the immune system.
Antibodies are the products of B cells.
Antibodies are therefore key elements in all vertebrate immune systems.
Antibodies are usually highly specific to certain proteins.
Antibodies are usually highly specific, combining only with antigens Of a particular kind.
Antibodies are very clever.
Antibodies are very important to protect against rabies.
Antibodies are what is found on a blood test.
Antibodies associated with infections, drugs, or neoplasia tend to have IgM more than IgG isotype.
Antibodies attach foreign bodies to prevent infection.
Antibodies attach themselves to viruses.
Antibodies attach to mast cells.
Antibodies attack foreign and infectious agents called antigens.
Antibodies attack specific germs that they have been in contact with before.
Antibodies attack the sperm and eggs and prevent fertilisation.
Antibodies begin to develop within a few days of infection.
Antibodies belong to a family of large molecules known as immunoglobulins .
Antibodies belong to a family of large molecules known as immunoglobulins.
Antibodies belong to the immunoglobulin family.
Antibodies bind directly to intact antigens that are part of larger structures, such as viruses.
Antibodies bind primarily to the products of the envelope gene.
Antibodies bind that specific antigen and immobilize it, preventing it from causing infection.
Antibodies bind the fragments together and help precipitate the fragments out of solution.
Antibodies bind to and often inactivate antigens.
Antibodies bind to antigens and reduce the latter's ability to disrupt body functions.
Antibodies bind to antigens.
Antibodies bind to epitopes on the surface of proteins.
Antibodies bind to organisms via their Fab region.
Antibodies bind to proteins.
Antibodies bind to sites.
Antibodies bind to surface antigen and cells fluoresce when illuminated with ultraviolet light.
Antibodies bind to the metal-chelator complex.
Antibodies bind to the protein, then call in macrophages and monocytes.
Antibodies can also better tolerate more neutral pH levels.
Antibodies can also cause a false positive test for syphilis.
Antibodies can also neutralise bacteria.
Antibodies can alter cell behavior through a number of mechanisms.
Antibodies can attach specifically to very small parts of the complex.
Antibodies can become very low in patients on azathiopnine for a long time.
Antibodies can bind to and, in turn, destroy certain antigens.
Antibodies can bind to antigens forming insoluble substances that drop out of a solution.
Antibodies can bind to antigens forming insoluble substances that drop out of the solution.
Antibodies can have different properties.
Antibodies can help the body to develop immunity to a disease.
Antibodies can kill bacteria, and some antiviral medications can slow down viral activity.
Antibodies can limit the availability of transfusion at times when blood can be life-saving.
Antibodies can pass from mother to child via the placenta.
Antibodies can recognize the chiral center of free -amino acids.
Antibodies can work in several ways, depending on the nature of the antigen .
Antibodies can work in several ways, depending on the nature of the antigen.
Antibodies circulate in blood.
Antibodies circulate in bloodstreams.
Antibodies circulate in the blood to protect against infection.
Antibodies circulate in the bloodstream and are present in almost all bodily fluids.
Antibodies coat viral cells, activating the complement deposition and eventually killing the virus.
Antibodies combat the microorganisms.
Antibodies combine with and inactivate the foreign invaders, thus protecting the body.
Antibodies combine with antigen to cause many other reactions as well.
Antibodies come from plasma cells and are produced by B cells.
Antibodies come in different classes, based on the constant region structure.
Antibodies consist of a light chain and a heavy chain.
Antibodies contain two pairs of protein chains.
Antibodies create opportunity.
Antibodies defend the body by destroying or weakening bacteria.
Antibodies designed to attack the virus also attack the receptors on the cell, killing the cells.
Antibodies destroy harmful micro-organisms.
Antibodies destroy pathogen.
Antibodies destroy viruses.
Antibodies enhance ability.
Antibodies enhance spinal nerve regrowth.
Antibodies exist as one or more copies of a Y-shaped unit, composed of four polypeptide chains.
Antibodies exist to hair follicles and hair that has fallen out resembles a rejected organ.
Antibodies facilitate the antiviral effort in a number of ways.
Antibodies fight infection.
Antibodies form against the red blood cells.
Antibodies formed within the body begin to attack the body's own tissues.
Antibodies function in serum in a concentration-dependent manner.
Antibodies have (part) atoms.
Antibodies have (part) chemical chain.
Antibodies have (part) chemical groups.
Antibodies have a 'variable region' in their structure.
Antibodies have ability.
Antibodies have broad research and clinical applications.
Antibodies have many useful purposes, in addition to protection against disease.
Antibodies have same real energy content and same internal apparent energy.
Antibodies have the intrinsic capacity to destroy antigens.
Antibodies have two antigen binding sites.
Antibodies have two very useful characteristics.
Antibodies help destroy the foreign substance.
Antibodies help eliminate germ in many ways.
Antibodies help eliminate infectious microorganisms in the body.
Antibodies help fight infections, thus producing immunity to the infecting organism.
Antibodies help protect the body against certain diseases.
Antibodies help the body fight viruses , bacteria, and other foreign substances.
Antibodies help the body fight viruses, bacteria, and other foreign substances.
Antibodies hold promise in the treatment of cancer.
Antibodies immobilize and destroy their specific antigens.
Antibodies increasingly build up.
Antibodies indicate oral rabies vaccine uptake and immunity to rabies.
Antibodies indicate that the body is mounting an immune response to the virus.
Antibodies inhibit prion propagation and clear cell cultures of prion infectivity.
Antibodies inhibit the protease-mediated processing of a malaria merozoite surface protein.
Antibodies kill bacteria.
Antibodies lack a transmembrane domain.
Antibodies leap into action, sticking to the allergens and causing mast cells to release histamine.
Antibodies live long and prosper.
Antibodies lock onto the outer surface proteins of a virus and prevent it from entering host cells.
Antibodies neutralize bacterial toxins by covering their active sites.
Antibodies neutralize foreign invaders.
Antibodies neutralize specific pathogens and prevent spread of infection and reinfection.
Antibodies play a key role in many allergies.
Antibodies prevent diseases.
Antibodies prevent infection.
Antibodies protect babies.
Antibodies protect fetuses.
Antibodies provide immunity.
Antibodies provide one of the mainstays of contemporary molecular and biological research.
Antibodies provide passive immunity.
Antibodies provide protection.
Antibodies provide the means to combat the common disease challenge.
Antibodies rally immune cells to attack a threat.
Antibodies react with allergens, such as pollen or house dust.
Antibodies react with cellular proteins.
Antibodies react with pollen, causing histamine to be released in the blood.
Antibodies react with proteins.
Antibodies reacting near physiologic temperatures are more likely to be clinically important.
Antibodies recognise antigens on the pathogen.
Antibodies recognize specific antigens.
Antibodies represent the most diverse and structurally studied family of proteins.
Antibodies respond to antigens by latching on to, or binding with, the antigens.
Antibodies respond to antigens by latching to, or binding with antigens.
Antibodies seek out and bind to certain specific proteins.
Antibodies show tremendous diversity.
Antibodies stick out from cell surface.
Antibodies surround it and cut it off until it dies.
Antibodies then are specific binding sites, because they only bind one kind of antigen.
Antibodies then bind to the bacteria.
Antibodies then help to destroy the invader.
Antibodies travel through the bloodstream and fight a particular disease.
Antibodies work in three ways.
Antibody aldolases with enzymic rates but broader scope.
Antibody binds human factor IX in immunoblotting procedures.
Antibody binds human plasminogen and human recombinant angiostatin in immunoblotting procedures.
Antibody binds human plasminogen and recombinant human angiostatin in immunoblotting procedures.
Antibody binds human plasminogen in immunoblotting procedures.
Antibody binds soluble antigen.
Antibody blocks specific antigen on the virus surface that is responsible for hemmaglutination.
Antibody clears senile plaques.
Antibody complexes with extracellular antigen, seen in malaria and schistosomiasis.
Antibody correlates of infection and symptomatology.
Antibody disappears following gluten withdrawal.
Antibody is soluble and diffuses through tissues to target extracellular micro-organisms.
Antibody isa protein.
Antibody libraries on filamentous bacteriophage.
Antibody prevents virus reactivation within the central nervous system.
Antibody probing is done in the following manner.
Antibody properties for chemically reversible biosensor applications.
Antibody reactivities specific for digoxin.
Antibody reactivities specific for tetanus toxoid.
Antibody redesign by chain shuffling from random combinatorial immunoglobulin libraries.
Antibody responses to anthrax vaccine require careful interpretation.
Antibody responses to DNA vaccinations of horses using the influenza virus hemagglutin gene.
Antibody responses to ganglio-series gangliosides in different strains of inbred mice.
Antibody responses to meningococcal polysaccharide vaccine in adults without a spleen.
Antibody responses to most protein antigens requires the collaboration between B cells and T cells.
Antibody screens with enzyme-treated reagent cells are negative, but regular screens are positive.
Antibody tests -ve.
Antibody works on formalin-fixed paraffin wax embedded tissue.
Antibodies often persist for months or years following successfully treated or untreated infection.
Antibodies often persist long after the symptoms have disappeared.
Antibodies usually appear in the blood about two weeks after the animal becomes infected.
Antibodies usually indicate a thyroid that is in the process of autoimmune failure.
All antibodies are for research use only.
All antibodies are immune globulins .
All antibodies are monospecific within a species.
All antibodies are proteins known as gammaglobulins, or, more specifically, as immunoglobulins.
All antibodies belong to a special group of serum proteins, the immunoglobulins.
All antibodies bind to the streptavidin without interfering with the biotin-binding reaction.
All antibodies work in western blot and in immunoaffinity purification.
Every antibody has two identical binding sites for antigen determinants.
Every antibody produced by the immune system is programmed to respond to a specific allergen.
More antibodies are produced than in the original response.
More antibodies means fewer colds and infections.
Most antibodies affect functions.
Most antibodies affect lymphocyte functions.
Most antibodies affect pregnancy.
Most antibodies affect subsequent pregnancy.
Most antibodies appear in animals.
Most antibodies are gamma globulins.
Most antibodies are produced by organisms.
Most antibodies bind to proteins.
Most antibodies bind to sites.
Most antibodies circulate in blood.
Most antibodies circulate in bloodstreams.
Most antibodies create opportunity.
Most antibodies destroy pathogen.
Most antibodies destroy viruses.
Most antibodies enhance ability.
Most antibodies fight infection.
Most antibodies have ability.
Most antibodies prevent diseases.
Most antibodies prevent infection.
Most antibodies protect babies.
Most antibodies protect fetuses.
Most antibodies provide immunity.
Most antibodies provide passive immunity.
Most antibodies provide protection.
Most antibodies react with cellular proteins.
Most antibodies react with proteins.
Some antibodies accumulate in bones.
Some antibodies activate the complement system which then acts to burst the pathogen.
Some antibodies are produced by animals.
Some antibodies are produced by intestines.
Some antibodies are produced by types.
Some antibodies attack heart valves.
Some antibodies attack valves.
Some antibodies attack villuses.
Some antibodies bind to residues.
Some antibodies cause health problems.
Some antibodies cause problems.
Some antibodies combine with antigen.
Some antibodies combine with parasite antigen.
Some antibodies derive from chimpanzees.
Some antibodies derive from snakes.
Some antibodies destroy bacteria.
Some antibodies destroy microorganisms.
Some antibodies enter brains.
Some antibodies enter fetal brains.
Some antibodies inhibit phagocytosis.
Some antibodies lead to death.
Some antibodies pass through, giving the foetus passive immunity.
Some antibodies prevent allergic reaction.
Some antibodies prevent reaction.
Some antibodies protect infants.
Some antibodies recognize an epitope that spans secondary or tertiary protein structure.
Some antibodies reduce accumulation.
Some antibodies release histamine.
Some antibodies show apparent cleavages.
Some antibodies show cleavages.
An antic is recreation
Antics still abound.
All anticancer agents treat cancer cells in the same manner as they treat all normal cells.
Many anticancer agents are carcinogens.
Anticancer drugs can also cause tingling in the fingers, ringing in the ears, or hearing loss.
Anticancer drugs can cause sores in the mouth and throat.
Anticancer drugs can damage ovaries and reduce the amount of hormones they produce.
Anticancer drugs can damage the ovaries and reduce the amount of hormones they produce.
Anticancer drugs disrupt the cancer cells ability to grow and multiply.
Anticancer drugs interfere with specific cancer-cell components.
Most anticancer drugs affect rapidly growing cells, both cancerous and normal, throughout the body.
Some anticancer drugs interfere with sperm production.
Anticapsular antibody is protective and curative.
Anticholinergic actions can cause an acute attack of narrow-angle glaucoma.
Anticholinergic activity is lower with trazodone than with the tricyclic antidepressants.
Anticholinergic activity is virtually absent.
Anticholinergic agents can also be very helpful medications for patients with emphysema.
Many anticholinergic agents reduce parkinsonian symptoms.
An anticholinergic drug is medicine
Anticholinergic drugs are a common cause of such interactions.
Anticholinergic drugs are effective, but basically inferior to l-dopa.
All anticholinergic drugs can produce dry mouth, blurred vision, hot, dry skin and hyperpyrexia.
Anticholinergic is medicine
Anticholinergic is medicine.
Anticholinergics antagonize the effects of antiglaucoma agents.
Anticholinergics are usually necessary.
Anticholinergics have special roles in possible akathisia and extrapyramidal side-effects.
Anticholinergics inhibit bladder muscle contractions.
Anticholinergics relieve nausea by inhibiting nerve impulse transmissions.
Anticholinergics seem to work better in COPD than asthma but do have some bronchodilating effect.
Anticholinergics show too many side effects.
Anticipated booking is necessary prior to visits.
Anticipated change can also trigger anticipated loss and grief.
Anticipated commitment is a few hours per month during the spring and fall.
Anticipated discomfort is often worse that the real experience.
Anticipated exposures indicate key items of potential concern to treasurers.
Anticipated harm reflects some evaluation that the person has made.
Anticipated impacts are for the seven year period following project initiation.
Anticipated Impacts Consider business, economic, social, environmental and other potential impacts.
Anticipated performance is computed on the basis of predictions made by pre-trained neural networks.
Anticipated shifts are all shifts.
Anticipated workload is low and minimal meetings.
Anticipation also makes statues of the fans, alert for reverberating smack of racquet hitting ball.
Anticipation also violates the tenet.
Anticipation Anticipate questions and prepare answers.
Anticipation Anticipate the user's wants and needs.
Anticipation builds arousal.
Anticipation builds as a small truck begins to pass over the newly created bridge.
Anticipation builds as the weather warms.
Anticipation builds for drawing.
Anticipation can almost become a nuisance.
Anticipation can be a wonderful thing.
Anticipation can be nerve-wracking, too.
Anticipation can be very exciting.
Anticipation can be very sweet if it's kept in check.
Anticipation can be worse than any termination.
Anticipation causes increased blood flow to the anterior cingulate cortex.
Anticipation comes with experience.
Anticipation denotes intelligence.
Anticipation fills the air.
Anticipation Forecasting the cash flows through the business.
Anticipation gives the power to deflect and control force.
Anticipation gives way to excitement with every passing day.
Anticipation grows as the stadium fills with more eager fans.
Anticipation hates to concede to reality.
Anticipation heightens as people begin arriving.
Anticipation holds greater pleasure than surprise.
Anticipation involves generating a sense that important parts of the story are still to come.
Anticipation is a beautiful thing.
Anticipation is a big part of defense.
Anticipation is a core component of all simulations and games.
Anticipation is a factor in determining technique.
Anticipation is a form of tension.
Anticipation is a funny thing, though.
Anticipation is a good thing spent on the right items.
Anticipation is a key element in the development of an advanced player.
Anticipation is a key ingredient to success.
Anticipation is a very proud mom.
Anticipation is a wonderful thing.
Anticipation is all, along with a bit of fitness, strength and more anticipation.
Anticipation is all.
Anticipation is also important because one meeting or one committee usually leads to another.
Anticipation is also the sire to flinching.
Anticipation is always better than fulfillment.
Anticipation is always helpful and relieves stress for adults and young children alike.
Anticipation is always the biggest portion of appetite.
Anticipation is an interesting point.
Anticipation is an outlook
Anticipation is as rare in polo as in any other sport.
Anticipation is at the heart of skiing and snowboarding.
Anticipation is crucial because everything happens very quickly at high speed.
Anticipation is crucial to retaining firms.
Anticipation is everywhere.
Anticipation is excitement re-felt in old environment.
Anticipation is expectations.
Anticipation is far more pleasurable than realization.
Anticipation is followed by reverie.
Anticipation is great.
Anticipation is half the pleasure in such an encounter.
Anticipation is hard on human nature.
Anticipation is high as the first cast unfurls.
Anticipation is high for next year.
Anticipation is high waiting for a total weight.
Anticipation is high.
Anticipation is important.
Anticipation is in the air.
Anticipation is key here.
Anticipation is key to instinct and judgement.
Anticipation is natural.
Anticipation is often more fearful than an act itself.
Anticipation is part of the pleasure of live theatre.
Anticipation is part of the process of strategic planning.
Anticipation is particularly important in resources-use.
Anticipation is probably one of the most important skills in water polo.
Anticipation is the final element of the triad.
Anticipation is the key to gardening with any child.
Anticipation is the key to life, and also photography.
Anticipation is the name of the game in a fast-moving sport like tennis.
Anticipation is the name of the game in the market today.
Anticipation is the tone radiating from the small crowd gathered to witness the results.
Anticipation is unbelievable for great music, freaky people, eclectic art and virtual reality.
Anticipation is usually always worse than reality.
Anticipation is very high.
Anticipation is very very very gradually building.
Anticipation isa feeling.
Anticipation leads to profitable action.
Anticipation now courses through the veins once more, it's time for trout.
Anticipation only increases their enjoyment.
Anticipation pervades the book as preparations for a big event are described.
Anticipation rises as word spreads that they are about to announce the news.
Anticipation runs high as they begin mixing the album.
Anticipation runs high while the electoral process follows a natural and slow course.
Anticipation runs wild.
Anticipation surrounding the release of The Phantom Menace continues to build.
Anticipation sweeps over the land.
Anticipation translates the laws of speed back to their original language, which is thought.
Anticipation turns to excitement and faces light up as brightly as the stage.
Anticipation turns to resignation.
Anticipation often can reduce a negative impact and take greater advantage of an opportunity.
Anticipatory grief allows the family to prepare for the inevitable death.
Anticipatory grief can be just as painful and stressful as the actual death of the person.
Anticipatory grief can have positive and negative effects on the family.
Anticipatory grief helps reduce the pain already felt by parents.
Anticipatory grief helps reduce the pain already felt by premature parents.
Anticipatory grief is a coping and a balancing of competing demands.
Anticipatory grief is a natural reaction, and it has some benefits.
Anticipatory grief is a normal reaction and an integral component of a life-threatening illness.
Anticipatory grief lowers the degree and intensity of grief at the time of death of a family member.
Anticipatory repudiation is repudiation but done before the performance is due.
Anticlinal divisions result in the formation of two cells, side by side.
Anticoagulant baits are also effective in controlling voles.
Anticoagulant baits are also effective, though multiple feedings are required for control.
Anticoagulant baits are available at many county agriculture commissioners' offices.
Anticoagulant baits are the least hazardous to humans and animals.
Anticoagulant baits work on a delayed effect basis.
Anticoagulant compounds are the rodenticides of choice under most conditions.
Anticoagulant drugs work by reducing the clotting property of blood.
Anticoagulant effect is related to ability to activate plasma antithrombin.
Anticoagulant therapy is indicated when there is danger of clot formation within a blood vessel.
Anticoagulant therapy is preventive by inhibiting further clot formation.
Anticoagulant therapy is used if the primary disease is thromboembolic pulmonary disease.
Anticoagulant inhibits clotting of blood and fibrin clots.
Anticoagulant is medicine
Anticoagulant is medicine.
Anticoagulants also are available as sodium salts that are mixed into a water solution.
Anticoagulants are blood thinning agents that decrease the blood's ability to form clots.
Anticoagulants are effective when administered in patients with TIAs to reduce the risk of a stroke.
Anticoagulants are now available for pocket gopher control.
Anticoagulants are substances that interfere with normal blood clotting.
Anticoagulants are the most common rodenticide on the market.
Anticoagulants attempt to prevent further clotting in the coronary arteries by thinning the blood.
Anticoagulants can increase the chances of bleeding.
Anticoagulants decrease the ability of platelets in the blood to form clots.
Anticoagulants decrease the ability of the blood to clot.
Anticoagulants lengthen the time it takes for blood to clot.
Anticoagulants lower the risk from clotting but raise the risk of bleeding.
Anticoagulants now are available for pocket gopher control.
Anticoagulants prevent the blood from clotting, or coagulating.
Anticoagulants prolong clotting times, heparin is an anticoagulant.
Anticoagulants then liquefy the semen, and the sperm begin swimming.
Anticoagulants work by interfering with the blood-clotting mechanism.
Anticoagulants often help reduce the chance of sudden graft closure.
All anticoagulants provide good to excellent house mouse control when prepared in acceptable baits.
All anticoagulants provide good to excellent Norway rat control when prepared in acceptable baits.
Some anticoagulants can increase both.
Anticoagulation can be a simple as aspirin or as complex as coumadin.
Anticoagulation can prevent the propagation of the clot and decrease chances of emboli formation.
Anticoagulation can reduce the extent of propagation of clot, even in the presence of stagnat flow.
Anticoagulation is a term that describes the process of reducing clots from forming in the blood.
Anticoagulation is contraindicated in hemorrhagic infarct and uncontrolled hypertension.
Anticoagulation is essential for patients with atrial fibrillation without contraindications.
Anticoagulation is however, associated with an increased risk of bleeding complications.
Anticoagulation is indicated if a definite cardiac source of embolism is identified.
Anticoagulation is medical aid
Anticoagulation is medical care.
Anticoagulation is recommended for patients with blood clots.
Anticoagulation is required with heparin or dextran.
Anticompetitive behavior is a lot like pornography.
An anticonvulsant drug is medicine
Anticonvulsant drugs are necessary when seizures are among the symptoms of the disorder.
Anticonvulsant medication is medicine.
Some anticonvulsant medications can also help control severe mood changes.
Some anticonvulsant medications can also help control severe mood states or swings.
Some anticonvulsant medications have the potential to decrease the white blood cell count.
Many anticonvulsant medicines are available that can reduce the frequency or severity of seizures.
Anticonvulsant therapy increases fentanyl requirements during anaesthesia for craniotomy.
Anticonvulsant therapy increases fentanyl requirements during anesthesia for craniotomy.
Anticonvulsant therapy is associated with an increased risk of neural tube defects.
Anticonvulsant is medicine
Anticonvulsant is medicine.
Anticonvulsants act by preventing nerve cells in the brain from becoming too excited.
Anticonvulsants act to decrease the irritability of the neuron.
Anticonvulsants affect the bones in many ways.
Anticonvulsants are reliably effective in controlling seizures secondary to cysticercosis.
Anticonvulsants are the main form of treatment for epilepsy.
Anticonvulsants are used to treat seizures.
Anticonvulsants are usually the only treatments given for idiopathic epilepsy.
Anticonvulsants can cause changes in blood work and can occasionally cause true liver disease.
Anticonvulsants can induce chorea.
Anticonvulsants can reduce the risk of further seizure activity.
Anticonvulsants cause acne and oily skin.
Anticonvulsants cause neural tube defects like spinal bifida and anencephaly.
Anticonvulsants have an analgesic effect, although at similar risk of minor adverse effects.
Anticonvulsants help protect against the kindling effect.
Anticonvulsants only stay in one's system for a few hours.
Anticonvulsants stop the spread of an abnormal signal to other parts of the brain.
All anticonvulsants act through their effect on the brain, since seizures arise from the brain.
All anticonvulsants have their degree of risks, needless to say.
Many anticonvulsants decrease the effectiveness of oral contraceptives .
Some anticonvulsants have actions on folate metabolism.
Anticyclone centers move in the direction of the greatest pressure rises.
An anticyclone is an atmosphere
Anticyclones are atmospheres.
Anticyclones are stabler when they are thinner relative to the abyss.
Anticyclones are systems in which the winds turn around a region of high pressure.
Anticyclones contain few nutrients to support plant and animal life.
Anticyclones do bring fog and mist which in cold weather can lead to bad road conditions.
Anticyclones occur when air is sinking.
Antidemocratic views are another hallmark of fascism.
An antidepressant drug is medicine
Antidepressant drugs affect dopamine uptake.
Antidepressant drugs are also beneficial in certain types of anxiety disorders.
Antidepressant drugs are effective in more than half of the cases of moderate to severe depression.
Antidepressant drugs are sometimes helpful if distress persists.
Antidepressant drugs are very effective in treating major depression.
Antidepressant drugs are very potent and have a number of possible sideeffects.
Antidepressant drugs can also help.
Antidepressant drugs can be helpful in some cases.
Antidepressant drugs have serious, sometimes deadly, side-effects.
Antidepressant drugs have similar effects on serotonin and norepinephrine neurons.
Antidepressant drugs reduce mental depression .
Antidepressant drugs relieve symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Antidepressant drugs take over a normal function of the body.
All antidepressant drugs are effective, but certain types work best for certain kinds of depression.
All antidepressant drugs work by impairing the brain.
Many antidepressant drugs act by elevating serotonin.
Most antidepressant drugs increase serotonergic activity.
Most antidepressant drugs relieve the symptoms, usually more quickly than they relieve depression.
Antidepressant medication acts on chemical pathways of the brain.
Antidepressant medication acts on the chemical pathways of the brain related to mood.
Antidepressant medication can also be effective at treating the symptoms of bulimia nervosa.
Antidepressant medication can ease symptoms, restore sleep patterns and elevate mood.
Antidepressant medication helps restore the proper balance of neurotransmitters in the brain.
Antidepressant medication is a non-habit forming, effective treatment when used appropriately.
Antidepressant medication is for depression where specific types of symptoms are present.
Antidepressant medication is sometimes useful.
Antidepressant medication works by affecting brain chemistry.
Antidepressant medications are also a mainstay of treatment for significant depression.
Antidepressant medications are often quite helpful in treating dysthymia.
Antidepressant medications are often the treatment of choice.
Antidepressant medications become effective gradually.
Antidepressant medications can also be very effective.
Antidepressant medications can be effective as well.
Antidepressant medications can be very effective in treating depression.
Antidepressant medications can be very helpful.
Antidepressant medications improve the balance of brain chemicals.
Antidepressant medications offer yet another approach to the disabling symptoms of depression.
Antidepressant medications reduce salivary secretions, resulting in dry mouth.
Antidepressant medications require the least amount of monitoring.
All antidepressant medications are equally effective.
All antidepressant medications pass through the placenta to the baby.
All antidepressant medications require a prescription.
All antidepressant medications take time to work.
Many antidepressant medication works to balance the amount of serotonin in the brain .
Many antidepressant medication works to balance the amount of serotonin in the brain.
Some antidepressant medications can also increase the frequency of limb movements.
Some antidepressant medications cause erectile failure.
Antidepressant medicine helps symptoms of depression.
Antidepressant medicines can interact with other medicines.
Antidepressant medicines have other side effects.
Antidepressant medicines work by increasing the amount of norepinephrine or serotonin.
Antidepressant medicines work well.
Some antidepressant medicines can help nerve pain and irritation.
Antidepressant therapy is long term, then, possibly for life.
Antidepressant toxicity can occur.
Antidepressant is medicine
Antidepressant is medicine.
Antidepressants account for the most drug sales.
Antidepressants affect the brain s neurotransmitters to help improve mood and energy level.
Antidepressants also can help with some sorts of nerve pain.
Antidepressants appear equally effective.
Antidepressants are a non-habit forming medical treatment for depression.
Antidepressants are among the most widely prescribed medications in the United States.
Antidepressants are as common as candy.
Antidepressants are beneficial in treating specific pain syndromes.
Antidepressants are dangerous.
Antidepressants are easy to get.
Antidepressants are effective in bulimic patients who have no depressive symptoms, as well.
Antidepressants are effective in reducing neuropathic pain.
Antidepressants are medications that prevent or relieve depression.
Antidepressants are medicines that treat depression.
Antidepressants are medicines used to treat depression and other illnesses.
Antidepressants are medicines, which correct the neurotransmitter metabolism.
Antidepressants are most effective when a. the depressed person is also receiving counseling.
Antidepressants are no exception.
Antidepressants are powerful and, as such, have many side effects and complications.
Antidepressants are the most widely used preventive medicine a.
Antidepressants are the standard treatment for both types of neuropathies.
Antidepressants are unnatural and unhealthy.
Antidepressants are useful in managing depression and anxiety.
Antidepressants are usually only a part of treatment.
Antidepressants bind the serotonin transporters, making serotonin uptake impossible.
Antidepressants can act within two to three weeks and often are used in addition to psychotherapy.
Antidepressants can also help.
Antidepressants can also increase one's susceptibility to the intoxicating effects of alcohol.
Antidepressants can be effective for various physical symptoms and symptom syndromes.
Antidepressants can be good and bad.
Antidepressants can be very effective.
Antidepressants can be very helpful for people suffering from depression.
Antidepressants can cause mild and usually temporary side effects in some people.
Antidepressants can have side effects, especially in older persons who metabolize drugs more slowly.
Antidepressants can have strong antihistamine and antipruritic effects.
Antidepressants can help reduce symptoms, usually over a period of weeks.
Antidepressants can provide relief of symptoms within one to two months.
Antidepressants can relieve emotional stress that leads to symptoms of back pain.
Antidepressants can restore the balance.
Antidepressants can sometimes help.
Antidepressants can take several weeks to take effect.
Antidepressants can treat the mood alarm.
Antidepressants can worsen certain types of glaucoma and cause constipation.
Antidepressants cause cancer.
Antidepressants cause mouth dryness.
Antidepressants do have sexual adverse effects.
Antidepressants don t all work in the same way.
Antidepressants have a dosage window.
Antidepressants have a lot of side effects.
Antidepressants have a more inconsistent effect.
Antidepressants have a role as comedication in the acute treatment of the bipolar depression.
Antidepressants have a role.
Antidepressants have beneficial effects and side effects.
Antidepressants have seven distinct mechanisms of action.
Antidepressants have two roles in managing chronic pain.
Antidepressants have virtually no abuse potential.
Antidepressants help depressed alcoholics.
Antidepressants help smokers to quit.
Antidepressants help, and so does education about nutrition.
Antidepressants helps alleviate some of their symptoms.
Antidepressants improve depression in adults with physical illnesses.
Antidepressants improve mood and reverse the symptoms of depression.
Antidepressants increase brain steroids.
Antidepressants increase the level of certain important neurotransmitters.
Antidepressants Learn about antidepressant therapy while pregnant and breastfeeding.
Antidepressants only remove depression.
Antidepressants provide a way to cope.
Antidepressants regulate the way the brain deals with serotonin.
Antidepressants relieve depression in the depressed and cause excitement in a normal person.
Antidepressants seem to alleviate peripheral neuropathy.
Antidepressants seem to block panic attacks by reducing the firing rate of the locus ceruleus.
Antidepressants seem to ease the pain in soft-tissue rheumatism or fibromyalgia.
Antidepressants simply balance the level of neurotransmitters already in the brain.
Antidepressants simply raise serotonin levels and thus bring chemical balance in the brain.
Antidepressants suppress REM in people with major depression.
Antidepressants take from four to six weeks to have a strongly beneficial effect.
Antidepressants take time to take effect.
Antidepressants typically have about a three week delay to onset of effect.
Antidepressants work by increasing the amount of neurotransmitters available at the synapse.
Antidepressants work by increasing the level of neurotransmitters in the brain.
Antidepressants work differently for different people.
Antidepressants work on the brain and nervous system.
Antidepressants work through a healing process, which often takes two to five weeks to start.
Antidepressants work to improve the mood .
Antidepressants work to improve the mood.
Antidepressants work, as do high-potency benzodiazepines.
Antidepressants often have severe side effects.
Antidepressants sometimes produce side effects like dry mouth or constipation.
Antidepressants usually take between two and eight weeks to work.
All antidepressants are equally effective in treating depression.
All antidepressants can cause a very few people to become more aggressive or suicidal.
All antidepressants have some side effects.
All antidepressants have the potential of increasing cycling.
All antidepressants take time to work.
Many antidepressants also increase one's appetite.
Many antidepressants are on the market.
Many antidepressants cause withdrawal symptoms if stopped too quickly.
Many antidepressants have an impact on the dopamine system or dopaminergic-blocking action .
Many antidepressants seem to have sexual side effects .
Most antidepressants are slow to work.
Most antidepressants have anti- anxiety effects.
Most antidepressants improve libido because depression tends to decrease it.
Most antidepressants work by regulating the amounts of chemicals released into the brain.
Some antidepressants affect many neurotransmitters together with noradrenaline and serotonin.
Some antidepressants are also effective.
Some antidepressants are better than others with regard to breastfeeding.
Some antidepressants are common offenders, as are some drugs for head and back injuries.
Some antidepressants are more likely than others to interfere with sexual function.
Some antidepressants block the enzyme that chews up neurotransmitter.
Some antidepressants can cause suicidal or aggressive thoughts and behaviour.
Some antidepressants can dry up saliva.
Some antidepressants can help panic.
Some antidepressants can inhibit orgasm.
Some antidepressants can suppress appetite, but again the actual pounds lost is small.
Some antidepressants cost more than others.
Some antidepressants e.g. the tricyclics, block the reuptake of serotonin and noradrenaline.
Some antidepressants fail to fit any of the major categories, yet clearly provide relief.
Some antidepressants have a sedative effect while others tend to have a slightly stimulating effect.
Some antidepressants interfere with the potency or the act itself.
Some antidepressants work by blocking the reuptake of norepinephrine.
Antidiuretic factors are less well studied than diuretic factors.
Some antidiuretic factors reduce secretion.
Some antidiuretic factors reduce tubule secretion.
An antidiuretic hormone is a hormone
Antidiuretic hormone affects the kidneys to save water .
Antidiuretic hormone is secreted by the anterior pituitary gland.
Antidiuretic hormone stimulates the kidneys to retain as much water as possible.
Antidiuretic hormone tells the kidneys to slow down urine production.
Antidiuretic hormones are released by glands.
Antidiuretic hormones are released by pituitary glands.
Antidiuretic hormones are released by posterior glands.
Antidiuretic hormones are released by posterior pituitary glands.
Antidiuretic hormones are secreted by glands.
Antidiuretic hormones are secreted by pituitary glands.
Antidiuretic hormones are secreted by posterior glands.
Antidiuretic hormones are secreted by posterior pituitary glands.
Antidiuretic hormones regulate kidneys.
Antidiuretic hormones stimulate kidneys.
Most antidiuretic hormones are released by glands.
Most antidiuretic hormones are released by pituitary glands.
Most antidiuretic hormones are released by posterior glands.
Most antidiuretic hormones are released by posterior pituitary glands.
Most antidiuretic hormones are secreted by glands.
Most antidiuretic hormones are secreted by pituitary glands.
Most antidiuretic hormones are secreted by posterior glands.
Most antidiuretic hormones are secreted by posterior pituitary glands.
Most antidiuretic hormones regulate kidneys.
Most antidiuretic hormones stimulate kidneys.
Some antidiuretic hormones increase permeability.
Antidiuretic isa medication.
Antidotal evidence says yes.
An antidote is a cure
Antidote isa medication.
Antidotes are remedies.
Antidotes are specific to certain poisons .
Antidotes are specific to certain poisons.
Antidotes can work.
Antidotes Get rid of all incoming papers as soon as possible.
Some antidotes are expensive, require large amounts to treat many animals or are unstable.
Some antidotes are more apparent than others.
An antiemetic drug is medicine
Antiemetic drugs can control vomiting.
Antiemetic effect correlates with receptor blockade rather than with plasma levels.
Antiemetic is medicine
Antiemetic is medicine.
Antiemetics block the messages to the vomiting center of the brain.
Antiemetics prevent or relieve symptoms of nausea and vomiting.
Some antiemetics also have sedative effects.
An antiepileptic drug is medicine
Antiepileptic drugs are also teratogenic.
Antiepileptic drugs work by reducing the abnormal firing of cortical neurons.
Any antiepileptic drug can cause cognitive or memory impairment and sedation.
Antiepileptic treatment is administered in patients with clinical epileptic fits.
Some antiepiletic drugs can interfere with the effectiveness of oral contraceptives.
Antiestrogenic drugs can effectively address both problems and are safe for most individuals.
Antifeedant activities is the strongest one, followed by contact toxicity.
Antifeedant activity is the strongest one, followed by contact toxicity.
Antifeedant discrimination thresholds for two populations of western corn rootworm.
An antifeminist is a bigot
Most antifeminists seem to prefer lisping and affectation to competence and toughness.
Antiferromagnetic coupling gives an equal number of magnetic fields in opposite directions.
Antifog coatings help, but they drive up the price and get scratched easily.
Antifog performance is acceptable for a large variety of products, including most meat case items.
Antiforeign sentiment grows.
Antifraternal writers represent the friars as falsely humble and zealous in pursuit of money.
Some antifreeze proteins find in fish.
Some antifreeze proteins find in marine fish.
Antifreeze is a liquid
Antifreeze is liquids.
Antifreeze is located in garages.
Antifreeze isa liquid.
Antifreeze provides corrosion protection.
Antifreeze provides excellent corrosion protection.
Antifreeze provides excellent protection.
Antifreeze provides protection.
Most antifreeze contains ethylene glycol and nitrites, which are poisonous and flammable.
Most antifreeze contains the poisonous chemical ethylene glycol.
Most antifreeze provides corrosion protection.
Most antifreeze provides excellent corrosion protection.
Most antifreeze provides excellent protection.
Most antifreeze provides protection.
Some antifreeze causes many problems.
Some antifreeze causes problems.
Some antifreeze causes serious problems.
Some antifreeze is composed of propylene glycol because it is less toxic to humans and animals.
Some antifreeze leads to ingestion.
An antifungal agent is an agent
Antifungal agents are vital to the control of candidiasis.
Antifungal agents fall into a wide variety of chemical categories.
Antifungal agents inhibit the growth of unfriendly yeasts that can contribute to candida.
Antifungal creams offer a good nonsteroidal approach.
Antifungal drugs are used to treat infections caused by a fungus which is unicellular form of life.
Antifungal drugs can clear infection.
Antifungal imidazoles block assembly of inducible NO synthase into an active dimer.
Antifungal medication is used to treat vaginal infections caused by yeast.
Many antifungal medications are suitable for both dermatophyte and yeast infections.
Antifungal medicines are usually effective, but relapses occur.
Antifungal medicines come in three forms.
Antifungal preparations are available from pharmacies.
Antifungal shampoo provides a mild, yet effective treatment.
Antifungal treatment is the first line of treatment followed by removal of the catheter.
Antifungal treatments are similarly effective, although some work faster than others.
Antifungal is an agent
Antifungals are prescribed to treat oral thrush .
Antifungals fight infections caused by fungus.
Antigen tests look for the presence of adult female worms.
Some antigen tests use reaction.
Antigen induces immune responses.
Antigen induces responses.
Antigen is a substance
Antigen is antigen.
Antigen is carbohydrates.
Antigen is people.
Antigen is substances.
Antigen isa matter.
Antigen stimulates development.
Antigen stimulates production.
Antigen triggers production.
Antigens activate specific lymphocytes.
Antigens are always 'foreign' and trigger an attack.
Antigens are an essential element in the development of powerful, targeted cancer vaccines.
Antigens are any of a variety of substances that the body 'sees' as foreign.
Antigens are any substance that binds specifically to an antibody or a T-cell receptor.
Antigens are any substances that elicit the adaptive immune response.
Antigens are any substances that evoke responses from a person's immune system.
Antigens are chemical structures attached to the surfaces of red blood cells.
Antigens are commonly proteins, or more specifically small parts of proteins.
Antigens are either whole microorganisms, or they can be a portion of an organism or virus.
Antigens are either whole microorganisms, or they can be part of an organism or virus.
Antigens are foreign molecules or non-self.
Antigens are found .
Antigens are generally of high molecular weight and are commonly proteins or polysaccharides.
Antigens are generally proteins and other large organic molecules.
Antigens are macromolecules that elicit an immune response in the body.
Antigens are markers on cells that act as microscopic flags.
Antigens are molecules or parts of molecules that are usually large, complex, and foreign.
Antigens are molecules sported by tumor cells that advertise they are abnormal.
Antigens are pieces of the virus, which cause the immune system to react and produce antibodies.
Antigens are proteinlike substances that identify living matter, much like biochemical name tags.
Antigens are proteins foreign to the body.
Antigens are proteins in the parasites that cause horses to produce antibodies in their blood.
Antigens are proteins normally present in the body and ignored by the immune system.
Antigens are proteins specific to each particular microorganism.
Antigens are substances that cause a blood or tissue reaction.
Antigens are substances that cause a reaction in blood or tissues.
Antigens are substances that elicit an immune response.
Antigens are substances that stimulate cells to produce antibodies .
Antigens are substances that stimulate the immune system to produce antibodies for fighting disease.
Antigens are substances that the body senses as foreign.
Antigens are substances which provoke an immune system into wanting to eliminate it from the body.
Antigens are surface molecules on a cell .
Antigens are surface molecules on a cell.
Antigens are the bodies' natural way to fight off disease.
Antigens are toxins or enzymes that the immune systems considers foreign.
Antigens are usually proteins that are foreign to the body.
Antigens can be any molecule that causes antibody production.
Antigens can be germs, viruses, pollens, or even cells from another person.
Antigens can be proteins, carbohydrates, nucleic acids, hormones, or other substances.
Antigens can be viruses, bacteria, proteins or other foreign compounds.
Antigens cause the formation of antibodies whose job it is to fight off the invading substance.
Antigens differ vastly in their response to fixation, dehydration and embedding.
Antigens have determinants called epitopes.
Antigens have diverse functions in viral replication.
Antigens prompt the body to produce antibodies.
Antigens usually appear within a few weeks of infection and disappear within a few months.
All antigens are intact and structurally sound.
ALL antigens have at least ONE epitope.
Many antigens become airborne during dental procedures.
Most antigen induces immune responses.
Most antigen induces responses.
Most antigen stimulates development.
Most antigen triggers production.
Much antigen is required which makes the vaccine expensive.
Some antigen causes allergies.
Some antigen is produced by adult hookworms.
Some antigen is produced by hookworms.
Some antigen releases into sea water.
Some antigen releases into water.
Some antigen stimulates immune responses.
Some antigen tests use polymerase chain reaction.
Some antigens are serums.
Some antigens are unique to lymphoma cells.
Antigene molecules are either antisense or sense molecules directed to a dsDNA target.
Antigenic change leads to fever and virus spike.
Antigenic drift can occur in both A and B influenza viruses.
Antigenic drift occurs from season to season resulting in epidemics every year.
Antigenic drift occurs with influenza A and B viruses.
Antigenic proteins developed by recombinant DNA techniques allow for greater accuracy.
Antigenic proteins developed by recombinant DNA techniques allow for more accuracy.
Antigenic shift comes about because the genes of the influenza virus exist as discrete segments.
Antigenic shift is a. a change in the position of antigens on the virus.
Antigenic shift occurs every few years.
Antigenic shift occurs in two ways.
Antigenic shift occurs only occasionally.
Antigenic shift refers to a more immediate and extensive change in genetic information.
Antigenic shifts result in pandemics.
Some antigenic shifts result in local epidemics or global pandemics.
Antigenic variation has important implications for the development of vaccines.
Antigenic variation is a frequent event with type A influenza viruses, often occurring every year.
Antigenic variation is caused mostly by point mutations but also by recombination.
Antigenic variation is prevalent among pathogenic viruses as well.
Antiglare screens are also available.
Antigone discussion continues into next week.
An antihero is an agonist
Antiheroes represent the darker urges of the human ego.
Antihistamine appears to be of no obvious benefit in preventing acute reactions from antivenoms.
Antihistamine blocks the bad effects of histamine.
Antihistamine drops temporarily relive symptoms.
Antihistamine is medicine
Antihistamine is medicine.
Antihistamine isa medication.
Antihistamine overdose in young children can lead to convulsions and death.
Antihistamines act to block the allergic effects caused by the release of histamine.
Antihistamines add to the effects of alcohol and other depressants.
Antihistamines also can be dangerous to patients with glaucoma, an enlarged prostate, or asthma.
Antihistamines also can cause excitement, especially in children.
Antihistamines also cause daytime drowsiness which can impair our performance.
Antihistamines also cause drowsiness.
Antihistamines appear to be helpful.
Antihistamines appear to compete with histamine for cell receptor sites on effector cells.
Antihistamines appear to compete with histamine for receptor sites on effector cells.
Antihistamines appear to compete with histamines for cell receptor sites on effector cells.
Antihistamines are also of little benefit.
Antihistamines are available as pills, liquids or nose sprays.
Antihistamines are drugs which are most effective against the symptoms of allergies.
Antihistamines are effective in some cases.
Antihistamines are either very effective or worthless.
Antihistamines are good at reducing the itching and sneezing that are associated with hayfever.
Antihistamines are helpful for treatment of procaine reactions.
Antihistamines are ineffective either topically or orally.
Antihistamines are ineffective.
Antihistamines are medicines that help stop the symptoms caused by allergies.
Antihistamines are medicines which help against allergies.
Antihistamines are medicines which stop histamine from working.
Antihistamines are more effective if taken as soon as the allergy attack develops.
Antihistamines are more helpful for hayfever-like symptoms.
Antihistamines are more likely to cause dizziness , sedation , and hypotension in elderly patients.
Antihistamines are more likely to cause dizziness, sedation and hypotension in elderly patients.
Antihistamines are more likely to cause dizziness, sedation and hypotension in the elderly.
Antihistamines are more likely to cause dizziness, sedation, and hypotension in elderly patients.
Antihistamines are more likely to cause intolerable side effects in the elderly.
Antihistamines are most effective when used regularly rather than sporadically.
Antihistamines are notorious for causing decreased salivary flow.
Antihistamines are notorious for causing irregular heart beats in some patients.
Antihistamines are of little use.
Antihistamines are of no benefit.
Antihistamines are often helpful.
Antihistamines are safe during the first trimester.
Antihistamines are safe for people with asthma to use, but they can cause side effects.
Antihistamines are the cornerstone of urticaria management.
Antihistamines are the main treatment for hives to reduce the allergic response.
Antihistamines are the mainstay of treatment.
Antihistamines are the mainstays of hay fever treatment.
Antihistamines are the most commonly used drug therapy.
Antihistamines are the most commonly used group of drugs for nettle rash.
Antihistamines are the most helpful.
Antihistamines are the most popular type of medication taken to prevent nasal allergy symptoms.
Antihistamines are the other major class of oral medications used to treat allergic rhinitis.
Antihistamines are the usual symptomatic treatment for itching.
Antihistamines are useful as second-line therapy when a prolonged course is suspected.
Antihistamines are useful in controlling urticarial lesions.
Antihistamines are useful in the treatment of itching in some dogs and cats.
Antihistamines are useful in the treatment of itching in some dogs.
Antihistamines are useful to control red eyes due to allergies.
Antihistamines are usually divide into the sedating variety and the nonsedating variety.
Antihistamines are usually helpful.
Antihistamines are usually very helpful.
Antihistamines are very effective in acute episodes.
Antihistamines are widely used drugs, especially in patients with allergies.
Antihistamines become a popular remedy for colds and allergies.
Antihistamines block histamine reactions in the body - runny nose, sneezing, watery eyes.
Antihistamines block the action of histamine, a chemical that causes allergy symptoms.
Antihistamines block the body's histamine reaction and lessen or prevent allergic reactions.
Antihistamines block the effects of histamine, which is released during an allergic reaction.
Antihistamines can also alleviate itching and rashes caused by food allergy.
Antihistamines can also be effective, but use with certain antibiotics can cause fatal arrhythmias.
Antihistamines can also be very drying.
Antihistamines can also cause dry eyes.
Antihistamines can also cause sleep depravation.
Antihistamines can also slow down bile flow.
Antihistamines can be quite helpful.
Antihistamines can cause drowsiness and dry mouth.
Antihistamines can cause drowsiness, nervousness and even seizures.
Antihistamines can cause drowsiness.
Antihistamines can cause dry mouth, dilated pupils, hallucinations, tremors, and convulsions.
Antihistamines can cause sleepiness.
Antihistamines can help control the runny nose and itchy eyes.
Antihistamines can help ease itching.
Antihistamines can help relieve itching and suppress hives.
Antihistamines can help to reduce the itch and prevent scratching.
Antihistamines can help.
Antihistamines can make young children excited.
Antihistamines can reduce runny nose, sneezing and itchy, watery eyes.
Antihistamines can relieve some of the itching.
Antihistamines can sometimes be effective with short term itches.
Antihistamines can stop sneezing and itching.
Antihistamines can tame coughs, itchy eyes and sneezes.
Antihistamines cause drowsiness.
Antihistamines clear up a runny nose and watery eyes.
Antihistamines come in pill, liquid or nasal spray form.
Antihistamines come in tablet, liquid, or capsule form, and are available without a prescription.
Antihistamines constitute a large number as they enhance the effect of opioids.
Antihistamines do little good.
Antihistamines dominate the market.
Antihistamines don t touch the underlying cause, they just suspend the body s ability to respond.
Antihistamines dry the nasal secretions somewhat.
Antihistamines dry up mucous.
Antihistamines dry up secretions of the respiratory tract and can minimize allergy symptoms.
Antihistamines dry up secretions.
Antihistamines dry up the runny nose and halt the elimination process.
Antihistamines enter popular use for treatment of allergies and head-colds.
Antihistamines generally dry up nasal secretions.
Antihistamines give some relief.
Antihistamines given by mouth are also quite effective in reducing itch.
Antihistamines have a drying effect and alleviate nasal stuffiness.
Antihistamines have a limited role in treating nonallergic rhinitis syndromes.
Antihistamines have a potential for sedation causing grogginess after use.
Antihistamines have a potential for sedation causing grogginess and dryness after use.
Antihistamines have little or no use in treating cough.
Antihistamines have no proved benefit.
Antihistamines help dry a runny nose and watery eyes.
Antihistamines help prevent the allergic reaction and thus symptoms.
Antihistamines help reduce the sneezing, runny nose and itchiness of allergies.
Antihistamines help relieve the sneezing and runny nose of allergy.
Antihistamines help stop the symptoms caused by allergies.
Antihistamines help the itching.
Antihistamines including cetirizine are helpful.
Antihistamines increase the effects of alcohol and other depressants.
Antihistamines interfere with brain activity, causing drowsiness and depression.
Antihistamines just mask symptoms and make the diagnosis problem worse.
Antihistamines make a good sleep aid for people with occasional insomnia.
Antihistamines merely block the action of histamine at receptor sites.
Antihistamines occasionally help.
Antihistamines offer fast relief from sneezing, runny nose, and itchy, watery eyes.
Antihistamines only cure sinusitis on television, or when it is due to allergic rhinitis.
Antihistamines prevent the release of histamine, an endogenous mediator that worsens the itch.
Antihistamines provide a suitable treatment.
Antihistamines provide varying degrees of relief and are available in eyedrops and oral formulas.
Antihistamines reduce itching and swelling and dry up secretions from the eyes, nose, and throat.
Antihistamines reduce itching and swelling and dry up secretions from the nose, eyes, and throat.
Antihistamines reduce sneezing, runny nose, and itchy eyes, nose, and throat.
Antihistamines reduce swelling in mucous membranes and soft tissues.
Antihistamines reduce the symptoms by blocking the effects of histamine.
Antihistamines relieve itching and can be used as required.
Antihistamines relieve itching and tearing by blocking the action of histamine.
Antihistamines relieve redness, inflammation, itchiness, and watery eyes.
Antihistamines relieve runny noses while decongestants open clogged nasal passages.
Antihistamines relieve symptoms.
Antihistamines remain the cornerstone for the treatment of allergic rhinitis.
Antihistamines remain the gold standard for treatment of allergies.
Antihistamines reverse blood-ocular barrier permeability in experimental diabetes.
Antihistamines reverse many of the symptoms of the syndrome.
Antihistamines seem effective in some cats.
Antihistamines seem to help some cats even when the problem seems to be psychogenic.
Antihistamines specifically treat reaction to allergens such as pollen, molds and dust.
Antihistamines stop the release of histamine from mast cells.
Antihistamines taken before exercise can prevent the reaction.
Antihistamines tend to cause drowsiness , while decongestants tend to keep people awake.
Antihistamines treat itchy, watery, red eyes, sneezing, runny nose and itchy throat and mouth.
Antihistamines treat the itching, sneezing and discharge.
Antihistamines work best for itching.
Antihistamines work best if taken on a regular schedule to prevent hives from forming.
Antihistamines work best when taken during the first day or two of a cold.
Antihistamines work by blocking the action of histamine at histamine receptors.
Antihistamines work by blocking the effect of histamine.
Antihistamines work by blocking the release of histamines that bring on the allergy symptoms.
Antihistamines work by preventing the effects of histamine.
Antihistamines work in a completely different way.
Antihistamines work to releive the symptoms of allergic rhinitis.
Antihistamines often give good relief from symptoms.
Antihistamines usually work well for sneezing and itchy eyes, throat and nose.
Every antihistamine has a different dose and risk of side effects.
Many antihistamines are now available without a prescription.
Many antihistamines have the opposite effect, causing drowsiness.
Most antihistamines can cause drowsiness, while many decongestants have the opposite effect.
Most antihistamines cause drowsiness.
Most antihistamines cause some people to become drowsy.
Some antihistamines are used in sleep aids explicitly because they cause drowsiness .
Some antihistamines are used in sleep aids explicitly because they cause drowsiness.
Some antihistamines cause drowsiness.
Some antihistamines come in candy-flavored liquids.
Some antihistamines have serious interactions with commonly used anti-HIV drugs.
Some antihistamines increase one's craving for sweets and thus help in weight gain.
An antihypertensive drug is medicine
Antihypertensive drugs are a last resort.
Antihypertensive drugs are the second most frequently prescribed drug in the United States.
Antihypertensive drugs can slow the progression of kidney disease significantly.
All antihypertensive drugs are beneficial compared to placebo.
All antihypertensive drugs are potentiated by general anesthetic agents, especially barbiturates.
Many antihypertensive drugs have side effects, which makes management even more difficult.
Antihypertensive medication can cause postural hypotension.
Antihypertensive medications are also available.
Antihypertensive medications are critical to help control blood pressure .
Antihypertensive therapy can be complicated.
Antihypertensive therapy is managed by intravenous injection to make the blood pressure lower.
Antihypertensive treatments are most cost-effective when targeted at older patients.
Antihypertensive is medicine
Antihypertensive is medicine.
Antihypertensives are drugs used to treat high blood pressure .
Antihypertensives are drugs used to treat high blood pressure.
Antihypertensives work in various ways.
Antiinflamitory medication can be helpful.
Antiinflammatory effect seems to be the most relevant and most documented in the literature.
Antileukemic therapy is frequently unnecessary in uncomplicated early disease.
Antiliberal policy is a policy of capital consumption.
Antillean manatees face some of the same threats as the Florida subspecies.
Antillean ships are well suited for the short transit routes and shallow waters of the Caribbean.
Antiluteolytic strategies toimprove fertility in cattle.
An antimalarial drug is medicine
Antimalarial drugs are medicine.
Antimalarial drugs modulate the expression of monocyte receptors.
Antimalarial drugs reduce cytoadherence and rosetting of Plasmodium falciparum .
Most antimalarial drugs have a long plasma half-life.
Some antimalarial drugs are more effective in some parts of the world than others.
Antimalarial medication is recommended for the bush.
Antimalarial treatment is highly recommended.
Antimalarial is medicine
Antimalarials also affect platelets to reduce the risk of blood clots and lower plasma lipid levels.
Antimalarials are another type of drug commonly used to treat lupus.
Antimalarials do have side effects in some people, some of the lime.
Antimalarials help, particularly when joint and skin manifestations are prominent.
An antimatter is matter
Antimatter also is a key piece of the puzzle of how the universe was born.
Antimatter behaves in almost all respects like ordinary matter.
Antimatter can exist.
Antimatter does exist, and has been produced in laboratories.
Antimatter does occur naturally.
Antimatter exists naturally on Earth, although in extremely small quantities.
Antimatter inverts the brightness information of an image.
Antimatter is a sort of mirror image of matter.
Antimatter is an annual festival of innovative short film and video.
Antimatter is created in a process known as pair production.
Antimatter is dedicated to film and video as art.
Antimatter is distinctly rare.
Antimatter is essentially the same as matter, but with some properties opposite.
Antimatter is identical to matter except that particles' electrical charges are reversed.
Antimatter is identical to ordinary matter except that the electrical charges are reversed.
Antimatter is just as willing to trip light up as matter.
Antimatter is just like matter except it's sort of the opposite.
Antimatter is matter that is in all respects, the opposite to 'ordinary' matter.
Antimatter is no longer just the stuff of science fiction and movies.
Antimatter is observed in cosmic rays and can be created from energy in the laboratory.
Antimatter is really just like normal matter, only a mirror-image of it.
Antimatter is scarce.
Antimatter is something like a mirror image of matter.
Antimatter is the electrical mirror image of regular matter.
Antimatter is the mirror image of normal matter, but with the opposite electrical charge.
Antimatter is the opposite of matter, with nucleus of antiprotons and orbiting positrons around it.
Antimatter is the opposite of normal matter.
Antimatter is the preferred term.
Antimatter is the ultimate energy source.
Antimatter is the ultimate explosive in efficiency, and energy density.
Antimatter is very much like ordinary matter, but it carries the oppositecharge.
Antimatter seems to be the same as matter but it has an opposite charge.
Antimatter sounds like science fiction nonsense, but it's real stuff, that physicists can produce.
Antimatters are substances.
An antimetabolite is a cancer drug
Antimetabolites are structurally similar to normal metabolic substrates.
Antimetabolites kill resting as well as dividing cells.
Antimicrobial agents are the mainstay of treatment.
Antimicrobial agents inhibit the growth of certain bacteria, yeast and molds.
Antimicrobial agents Use antimicrobial agents on special needs patients.
All antimicrobial drugs can select microorganisms that are resistant.
Some antimicrobial drugs are subject to restricted use.
Antimicrobial floors are, as the name implies, bacterial inhibiting floor systems.
Antimicrobial gloves according to the invention comprise a bilayer drug release matrix system.
Antimicrobial peptides are a prevalent, but only recently recognized, component of host defense.
Antimicrobial peptides are also under study.
Antimicrobial peptides are endogenous antibiotics.
Some antimicrobial properties kill bacteria.
Antimicrobial protection lasts the life of the product.
Antimicrobial resistance can reduce the power of once life-saving medicines to that of a sugar pill.
Antimicrobial resistance genes Genes in micro-organisms which confer resistance to antimicrobials.
Antimicrobial resistance is a growing concern worldwide in both developed and developing countries.
Antimicrobial resistance is a major target area in the plan.
Antimicrobial resistance is a problem that requires such a strategy now.
Antimicrobial resistance is an issue worldwide.
Antimicrobial resistance is an ongoing challenge for gonorrhea treatment and control.
Antimicrobial resistance occurs through plasmid-mediated determinants.
Antimicrobial rinses kill the bugs, but their numbers can bounce back within hours.
Antimicrobial soaps provide a slight increase in effectiveness.
Antimicrobial therapy is effective in shortening the duration of illness and reducing carriage rate.
Some antimicrobial therapy decreases excretion.
Some antimicrobial therapy reduces excretion.
Antimicrobial treatments can effectively reduce bacterial numbers.
Antimicrobial use is a major risk factor for the emergence of antimicrobial-resistant pathogens.
All antimicrobial use is recorded.
An antimicrobial is an agent
Antimicrobials are drugs used to combat infectious diseases.
Antimicrobials are either pesticides chemicals or food additives, depending on where they are used.
Antimicrobials are especially important because many are public health pesticides.
Antimicrobials are full-spectrum, useful in fungal, viral, and bacterial infections.
Antimicrobials are health management tools used for disease treatment and disease prevention.
Antimicrobials are similar to antibiotics but also include substances of synthetic origin.
Antimicrobials are similar to antibiotics but also include substances produced artificially.
Antimicrobials cause mutations in the treated animals' offspring.
Antimicrobials guard against many forms of infection, including bacterial infections.
Antimicrobials inhibit the growth of certain bacteria and help prevent infection.
Antimicrobials remain a necessary tool to manage infectious disease in dairy herds.
Antimicrobials represent a powerful therapeutic option.
Antimicrobials serve an important role in reducing the incidence of infectious bacterial disease.
Antimicrobials vary in their distribution pharmacokinetics.
Antimicrobials sometimes have different secondary effects in different species.
Most antimicrobials used in cosmetics are synthetic.
Antimitochondrial antibodies are present in the serum of almost all patients.
Some antimitotic alkaloids are useful as cancer chemotherapy agents .
Antimony chlorides are corrosive to skin.
Antimony compounds can cause disorders of the skin, mucous membranes, heart and lungs.
Antimony compounds cause severe liver damage.
All antimony compounds are highly toxic.
Most antimony compounds show little or no tendency to accumulate in aquatic life.
Antimony metal is a very brittle, moderately hard metal.
Antimony oxide is a white powder that is insoluble in water.
Antimony pentoxide is used in fire retardants and the making of titanium dioxide .
Antimony pentoxide is used in fire retardants and the making of titanium dioxide.
Antimony salts are used in the rubber and textile industries, in medicines and glassmaking.
Antimony sulfide is used in matches.
Antimony tetroxide is a white solid .
Antimony tetroxide is a white solid.
Antimony tetroxide is found as the mineral cervantite .
Antimony tetroxide is found as the mineral cervantite.
Antimony trichloride is a colorless and soft solid that has a strong odor.
Antimony trichloride is a white or pale yellow solid .
Antimony trichloride is a white or pale yellow solid.
Antimony trioxide causes pneumoconiosis in humans.
Antimony trioxide is a white solid .
Antimony trioxide is a white solid that dissolves a little in water.
Antimony trioxide is a white solid.
Antimony trioxide is accepted to be carcinogenic.
Antimony trioxide is chemical compounds.
Antimony trioxide is formed when antimony is burnt in air.
Antimony trioxide is found in two minerals, valentinite and senarmontite.
Antimony trioxide is made when antimony is made .
Antimony trioxide is made when antimony is made.
Antimony trioxide is shown for comparison purposes.
Antimony trioxide is somewhat carcinogenic .
Antimony trioxide is somewhat carcinogenic.
Antimony trioxide is used as a flame retardant in adhesives, plastics, rubber and textiles.
Antimony is metal
More antimony is good.
Antimorphic alleles make gene products that antagonize the normal gene product.
Antimuscarinic activity resides predominantly in the R-isomer.
Antimuscarinic drugs hold more promise as they appear to directly inhibit scleral growth.
Antimuscarinic effects are most common, and are typified by atropine.
Antimyocardial antibodies attack a person's heart muscle, or myocardium.
An antineutrino is a fundamental particle
Antineutrinos have very little mass and no charge.
An antinode is a point
Antinodes are points of maximum amplitude.
Antinodes are points.
Antinodes are the result of a crest meeting a crest and a trough meeting a trough.
Antinodes result from constructive interference.
Antinomian doctrine is acted out in kitchens and bedrooms all over the land.
An antinomianism is a doctrine
Antinomianism is a heresy.
Antinomianism is a reckless disregard for moral law, especially the moral principles of Scripture.
Antinomianism is defined by the matrix culture.
Antinomianism is the very opposite of legalism.
Antinomianism thus exposes one of the contradictions inherent in Puritan theology and ideology.
Antinuclear antibodies are present.
Antinuclear antibodies are useful tests to screen for multisystemic autoimmune diseases.
Antiobiotic therapy is often insufficient to eliminate the problem.
Antiobiotic treatment is often intravenous.
Antioxidant activity is believed to be responsible for much of the protection against tumorgenesis.
Antioxidant bacteria are generally anaerobic, beneficial bacteria.
Antioxidant cocktails are markedly more effective than single antioxidants.
Antioxidant depletion is visible in the form of wrinkles, slackness and bad texture.
Antioxidant enzymes convert free radicals to more neutral, benign forms.
Antioxidant intake is associated with semen quality in healthy men.
Antioxidant nutrients are powerful anti-aging factors.
Antioxidant nutrients are present in higher doses among vegetarian diets.
Antioxidant nutrients are the protectors of the human body.
Antioxidant nutrients are vitamin E, vitamin C, selenium and melatonin.
Antioxidant nutrients behave differently at various levels of intake.
Antioxidant nutrients vary in their effects on oxidative stress in chondrocytes.
Antioxidant nutrients work together synergistically.
Most antioxidant nutrients have difficulty penetrating cell membranes.
Antioxidant properties prevents free radical cell damage.
Antioxidant protection helps protect the body from premature aging, disease and decay.
Antioxidant status affects color stability and tenderness of calcium chloride injected beef.
Antioxidant status is in part amendable through nutritional and pharmacological interventions.
Antioxidant supplements can help prevent emphysema from worsening.
Antioxidant supplements prevent heart disease.
Antioxidant therapy is proven to reduce free radical damage in our bodies.
Antioxidant value exists in other carotenoids as well as in beta carotene.
Antioxidant vitamins are the traditional way.
Antioxidant vitamins protect body cells from damage called oxidation.
Antioxidant vitamins show promise in heart disease prevention but require further study.
Antioxidant water is an important part of a healthy lifestyle.
Antioxidant xanthophylls contain an -OH group.
Antioxidant enzymes as biomarkers of environmental stress in oysters in Port Curtis.
Antioxidant enzymes help to remove dangerous free radicals from the body.
Antioxidant is an inhibitor
Antioxidant is inhibitors.
Antioxidants absorb free radicals in the body.
Antioxidants absorb the energy of activated fat molecules and retard oxidation at the outset.
Antioxidants act like vacuum cleaners within the body, removing reactive oxygen species.
Antioxidants allow for a balanced amount of burning to take place inside the cells.
Antioxidants allow for a normal and healthy amount of energy production.
Antioxidants also contribute to a healthy heart, bones, joints and immune system.
Antioxidants also help keep arteries open and free of plaque buildup, experts say.
Antioxidants also help lower blood cholesterol.
Antioxidants also offer some anti-aging benefits.
Antioxidants also play a role in optimal heart health.
Antioxidants also prevent the destruction of several nutrients.
Antioxidants also protect the eyes, cardiovascular system and central nervous system.
Antioxidants also protect the eyes, cardiovascular system, and central nervous system.
Antioxidants appear to inhibit some of the pathology of chronic inflammation.
Antioxidants appear to protect against many forms of permanent damage inflicted by trauma.
Antioxidants are a bit like kamikaze pilots, sacrificing themselves to knock out free radicals.
Antioxidants are a class of nutrients which help the body to repair free radical damage.
Antioxidants are a way to reduce and potentially neutralize the rampage of free-radical damage.
Antioxidants are able to neutralize free radicals in the body.
Antioxidants are able to stop free radical chain reactions.
Antioxidants are agents that combat the oxidation caused by free radicals.
Antioxidants are also important in other ways.
Antioxidants are an example.
Antioxidants are an important part of many of our products.
Antioxidants are believed to help the coronary arteries dilate and increase blood flow to the heart.
Antioxidants are capable of stabilizing or deactivation free radicals before they attack cells.
Antioxidants are capable of stabilizing, or deactivating, free radicals before they attack cells.
Antioxidants are chemicals produced by the body or found in fruits, vegetables and grains.
Antioxidants are chemicals that prevent damage to cells in the body.
Antioxidants are compounds that protect the body from the formation of oxygen free-radicals.
Antioxidants are compounds, such as vitamins A, C, and E, which are found in foods.
Antioxidants are critical in lowering the incidence of cardiovascular disease and many cancers.
Antioxidants are effective free radical fighters in the body.
Antioxidants are enemies of and neutralize the effects of free radicals.
Antioxidants are especially good at keeping the body healthy and warding off cold sores.
Antioxidants are essential for maintaining prostate health .
Antioxidants are extremely important.
Antioxidants are free radical scavengers, necessary for health maintenance and disease prevention.
Antioxidants are free radical scavengers.
Antioxidants are great news and they are great for health improvement and disease prevention.
Antioxidants are helpful by controlling free radicals which are associated with cartilage damage.
Antioxidants are highly specialized nutrients which when used properly neutral- ize free radicals.
Antioxidants are important in neutralizing cell-damaging free radicals.
Antioxidants are important molecules that act as free radical scavengers.
Antioxidants are just another part of our health p uzzles.
Antioxidants are like bouncers.
Antioxidants are like rust cleaners that keep rust off our brain matter.
Antioxidants are molecules that can stop free radicals from reacting with other molecules.
Antioxidants are molecules that prevent free radicals from causing damage to the body.
Antioxidants are more concentrated in the skin than in the pulp, so it s smart to eat the skin.
Antioxidants are more concentrated in the skin than in the pulp, so it's smart to eat the skin.
Antioxidants are most concentrated in vegetables and fruits, and the more variety the better.
Antioxidants are natural chemical substances that inhibit the formation of oxidants.
Antioxidants are natural compounds that are found throughout nature that neutralize free radicals.
Antioxidants are natural free radical fighters.
Antioxidants are natural nutrients found in certain fruits and vegetables.
Antioxidants are natural substances produced by the body or supplied in the diet.
Antioxidants are nature's way of combating the damage oxidative stress causes to the body's cells.
Antioxidants are necessary because they combat free radicals.
Antioxidants are necessary for a strong immune system.
Antioxidants are nutrients that protect the immune system by preventing free radical damage.
Antioxidants are of dubious benefit.
Antioxidants are one of the hottest topics in the health field today.
Antioxidants are our best defense against the damage to our cells caused by free radicals.
Antioxidants are our bodies most powerful weapon in fighting free-radicals.
Antioxidants are our commandos, well-equipped and as tireless as the marauders.
Antioxidants are particularly important.
Antioxidants are potent scavengers of free radicals and serve as inhibitors of neoplastic processes.
Antioxidants are probably useful because the brain is so rich in fatty acids.
Antioxidants are really free radical scavengers and enzyme enhancers.
Antioxidants are SO important.
Antioxidants are strong weapons against free radical damage and degenerative disease.
Antioxidants are substances found in foods that can protect our cells from free radical damage.
Antioxidants are substances that counteract the damaging effects of oxygen in tissues.
Antioxidants are substances that fight off free-radicals in our bodies.
Antioxidants are substances that inhibit oxidation and scavenge free radicals.
Antioxidants are substances that prevent or delay the breakdown of other substances by oxygen.
Antioxidants are substances that protect the body from the harmful effects of free-radicals.
Antioxidants are such old news that people have drifted away from the research.
Antioxidants are the best oxygen-free radical reducing sources available naturally.
Antioxidants are the defending army.
Antioxidants are the internal bodyguards that protect our cells from free radicals.
Antioxidants are the key.
Antioxidants are the rage.
Antioxidants are therefore crucial for effective functioning of the brain.
Antioxidants are vitamins, minerals, and herbals that tone, restore or enhance a weak immune system.
Antioxidants are well documented to play vital roles in health maintenance and disease prevention.
Antioxidants are what fight cancer causing free radicals.
Antioxidants attach to the free radicals, creating compounds that can be flushed from the body.
Antioxidants attenuate chronic hypoxic pulmonary hypertension.
Antioxidants block free radical damage that cause ageing and disease.
Antioxidants boost the body's immune system.
Antioxidants can help prevent the cellular damage caused by free radicals.
Antioxidants can help to neutralize the activity of free radicals.
Antioxidants can help.
Antioxidants can prevent the buildup.
Antioxidants can promote the saving of energetic substances and coferments.
Antioxidants can protect against free radical damage in the body.
Antioxidants can protect unsaturated fat from lipid peroxidation.
Antioxidants can reduce the energy and harmful effects of free radicals.
Antioxidants can reduce the energy of free radicals in several ways.
Antioxidants capture free radicals before they have a chance to damage delicate tissues.
Antioxidants combat the oxidation and damage caused by free radicals.
Antioxidants come in many forms including vitamins, minerals, and herbs.
Antioxidants constantly battle to neutralize free radicals to less toxic or non-toxic compounds.
Antioxidants constantly interact to boost each other's powers.
Antioxidants contribute an electron in defense.
Antioxidants convert toxic free radicals into harmless elements.
Antioxidants counter the damaging effects of free radicals.
Antioxidants counteract both endogenously generated and environmentally produced oxidants.
Antioxidants counteract free radical damage, and prevent cell destruction.
Antioxidants counteract the damaging effects of oxygen in tissues.
Antioxidants counteract the effects free radicals have on the body, inside and out.
Antioxidants deactivate free radical damage and protect our bodies from disease.
Antioxidants delay the onset of oxidative rancidity in fats.
Antioxidants destroy free radicals, which are molecules that cause adverse conditions in the body.
Antioxidants destroy free radicals, which damage cells within the human body.
Antioxidants disarm free radicals in the body.
Antioxidants disarm toxic molecules that can lead to age-related illnesses.
Antioxidants do nothing to help.
Antioxidants donate their own electrons to the free radicals and help prevent damage to cells.
Antioxidants enhance the body's ability to fight free radical damage.
Antioxidants exist as vitamins, minerals and other compounds in foods.
Antioxidants extend life in lung cancer .
Antioxidants fight free radicals, which are toxins to our bodies.
Antioxidants fight free radicals.
Antioxidants fight free-radical formation which is the oxidation process that damages tissues.
Antioxidants fight oxidants.
Antioxidants function as a damage control team, limiting the destruction wrought by free radicals.
Antioxidants have life prolonging qualities.
Antioxidants have the ability to render the free radicals harmless.
Antioxidants help control free radicals.
Antioxidants help control oxidative stress by scavenging free radicals.
Antioxidants help counteract the damage caused by free radicals.
Antioxidants help defend our bodies from heart disease, cancer, and perhaps even the ravages of age.
Antioxidants help destroy harmful DNA-destroying compounds that enter our skin.
Antioxidants help fight free radicals.
Antioxidants help kids fight the damaging effects of free radicals in their young, growing bodies.
Antioxidants help maintain immune system health.
Antioxidants help neutralize free radicals, but proper handling of fats is also important.
Antioxidants help prevent cancer and the blood vessel injury that can start atherosclerosis.
Antioxidants help prevent damage to healthy cells.
Antioxidants help prevent many kinds of disease in addition to cancer.
Antioxidants help prevent or block free radicals from forming in the body.
Antioxidants help prevent or repair damage done to the body's cells by free radicals.
Antioxidants help prevent the breakdown of fats and oils in feeds and animal tissues.
Antioxidants help prevent the development of certain diseases, especially cancers.
Antioxidants help protect against cancer, artery and heart disease, arthritis, and cataracts.
Antioxidants help protect brain cells from free radicals, the toxic byproducts of oxidation.
Antioxidants help protect our cells from damaged caused by free radicals.
Antioxidants help provide protection against free radical damage.
Antioxidants help reduce damage during a cell's digestion of nutrients.
Antioxidants help reduce free-radical damage and fight inflammation.
Antioxidants help support the immune system and help fight the spread of cancer.
Antioxidants help the body fight the effects of free radicals, which can damage the body's cells.
Antioxidants help the body scoop up free radicals before they cause harm.
Antioxidants help to neutralize highly reactive substances called free radicals .
Antioxidants help to neutralize highly reactive substances called free radicals.
Antioxidants help to prevent premature environmental damage.
Antioxidants help to protect the eggs from free radical damage.
Antioxidants help to quench free radicals and mitigate any potential cellular damage.
Antioxidants help to reduce the formation of neurotoxins and free radicals.
Antioxidants hold promise in cancer fight.
Antioxidants improve lung function.
Antioxidants inhibit the action of free radicals.
Antioxidants interfere with damage done to cells by free radicals.
Antioxidants keep the gasoline from becoming gummy.
Antioxidants mop up free radicals.
Antioxidants neutralize dangerous free radicals.
Antioxidants neutralize free radicals and, as a result, slow the aging process.
Antioxidants neutralize free radicals which damage body cells.
Antioxidants neutralize free radicals.
Antioxidants neutralize molecules in the body that are called free radicals.
Antioxidants neutralize oxygen free radicals by giving up or sharing an electron.
Antioxidants neutralize the action of free radicals unstable oxygen molecules which promote cancer.
Antioxidants neutralize the destruction by returning free radicals to a normal state.
Antioxidants neutralize the free radical damage in our bodies.
Antioxidants offer meager protection against radioactive damage.
Antioxidants offer their own electrons, neutralizing free radicals and protecting cells.
Antioxidants play a critical role as well.
Antioxidants play a vital role in preventing degeneration by scavenging free radicals.
Antioxidants play an important role in neutralizing cell-damaging free radicals.
Antioxidants play an important role in the metabolism of plants.
Antioxidants present in grapefruit also helps to reduce cholesterol level in a person.
Antioxidants preserve lung function.
Antioxidants prevent and destroy compounds called free radicals.
Antioxidants prevent fat-like substances in the blood from clogging the arteries.
Antioxidants prevent oxidation.
Antioxidants prevent oxidative damage by donating electrons to free radicals.
Antioxidants prevent oxygen radicals from causing damage in cells.
Antioxidants prevent the formation of free radicals that cause disease.
Antioxidants prevent the LDLs from oxidizing.
Antioxidants probably do very little for advanced disease.
Antioxidants protect against harmful free radicals.
Antioxidants protect cells against damage from free radicals.
Antioxidants protect cells from damage caused by oxidation, much as paint protects a car from rust.
Antioxidants protect cells from damage.
Antioxidants protect cells from the damage that normally happens when the body burns oxygen.
Antioxidants protect healthy cells from the effects of cancer causing pollutants.
Antioxidants protect key cell components from damage by neutralizing the free radicals.
Antioxidants protect our cells from damage.
Antioxidants protect our cells from unhealthy oxidation by free radicals.
Antioxidants protect rat diaphragmatic muscle function under hypoxic conditions.
Antioxidants protect the arteries of the heart from accumulating plaque.
Antioxidants protect the body against continual 'free radical' bombardment.
Antioxidants protect the body by helping fight cellular damage brought on by oxygen free radicals.
Antioxidants protect the body from free radicals.
Antioxidants protect the cells, thereby giving a helping hand to our immune systems.
Antioxidants protect the joint from deterioration.
Antioxidants protect the lung against damage caused by chemicals known as oxidants.
Antioxidants provide added protection.
Antioxidants provide defense against free radicals.
Antioxidants provide some of that protection.
Antioxidants react with and neutralize oxygen free radicals generated during normal metabolism.
Antioxidants really prolongs the life of the cell.
Antioxidants reduce or prevent oxidation in certain cells, thus preventing cell or tissue damage.
Antioxidants reduce the damage of cancer-causing charged particles in the body.
Antioxidants reduce the damaging effect of free radicals in the body that affect aging cells.
Antioxidants remove impurities from the blood.
Antioxidants roam the body looking for cell-damaging free radicals to mop up.
Antioxidants scavenge free radicals.
Antioxidants seem to deactivate free radicals, and therefore protect cells from damage.
Antioxidants serve several functions in a diet.
Antioxidants show significant promise in the fight against aging and disease.
Antioxidants slam cell doors shut in the face of the harmful free radicals.
Antioxidants slow the aging process and protect cell membranes in order to prolong a cell's life.
Antioxidants stand guard to keep free radicals from damaging the DNA and causing cancerous changes.
Antioxidants work against substances in the bloodstream which are considered harmful to health.
Antioxidants work against the process of oxidation - the robbing of electrons from substances.
Antioxidants work against the process of oxidation-the robbing of electrons from substances.
Antioxidants work by attacking free radicals.
Antioxidants work by neutralizing oxidative agents that stress and injure parts of the body.
Antioxidants work in a variety of ways to reduce the effects of free radicals.
Antioxidants work in the body by neutralizing free radicals before the can do significant harm.
Antioxidants work to inhibit free radical formation.
Antioxidants work to prevent the damage done by free radicals.
Antioxidants work together and leverage each other.
All antioxidants act as electron donors.
All antioxidants are anti-aging agents.
Many antioxidants come from the diet.
Many antioxidants target specific areas of the body.
Some antioxidants are specialized enzymes such as glutathione.
Antiparasite adaptations are in constant obsolescence.
Antiparasitic drugs are used to treat hookworm infections.
Antiparasitic medications prescribed by a doctor are effective in pinworm infections.
Antiparkinsonian actions are unrelated to the antiviral effects.
Antiparkinsonian medication offers little benefit.
An antiparticle is a fundamental particle
Antiparticles annihilate with particles to produce pure energy, all mass disappears.
Antiparticles are elementary particles.
Antiparticles behave very much the same as ordinary particles.
Antiparticles exist for all particles.
Antiparticles have negative lepton or baryon number, as appropriate.
Antiparticles look and behave the same as ordinary subatomic particles.
Many antiparticles have a bar over their symbol.
Antipasti relishes are always popular around the holidays, especially with New Year's Eve coming.
An antipasto is a starter
Antipasto is a beautiful collection of little things which stimulate the appetite.
Antipasto is the Italian word for snacks served before a meal.
An antipathy is dislike
Antipathies cause fear and horror in divers animals.
Antipersonnel mines are also weapons of terror employed directly against civilians.
Antipersonnel mines are increasingly a relic of the past.
Antipersonnel mines frustrate post-war reconstruction in a score of countries.
Antipersonnel mines have little to no utility against forces mounted in armored vehicles.
Antipersonnel mines kill and maim thousands and thousands of civilians each year.
Many antipersonnel weapons employed in modern warfare contain white phosphorus.
An antiperspirant is instrumentation
Antiperspirant decreases the risk of odor but increases the risk of allergic reactions.
Antiperspirant helps treat and prevent the condition by reducing axillary hyperhidrosis.
Antiperspirants also provide an effective means of therapy and prevention.
Antiperspirants are toiletry.
Antiperspirants can also help prevent sweaty feet.
Antiperspirants cause breast cancer .
Antiperspirants cause breast cancer.
Antiperspirants reduce sweating while also masking natural body odors with perfume.
Antiperspirants use an aluminum based compound to prevent sweating.
All antiperspirants have an aluminum-based compound as their main ingredient.
Antiphospholipid antibodies comprise a heterogeneous group of antibodies.
Antiplatelet agents are drugs that interfere with the blood s ability to clot.
Antiplatelet agents prevent or reduce the occurrence of platelet aggregation.
Antiplatelet agents work by preventing the platelets in the blood from clumping.
Antipodal points represent the same rotation.
An antipode is opposition
Antipodes provides in-depth interviews with writers.
Antipodes reviews fiction, poetry, and drama, as well as biography, criticism, and social history.
Antipodean water is both deep and narrow.
Antipodean wildlife likes to be different.
Antiprotease deficiency is thought to be responsible for the pathology of emphysema .
An antiproton is a nucleon
Antiprotons are nucleons.
Antiprotons are particles just like protons, but with a negative charge.
Antiprotons are very hard to make, collect, and store so each one is precious and expensive.
Antiprotons enter the trap apparatus from below, and are captured in the lower section.
Antiprotons have a negative electrical charge, or at least they appear to.
Antiprotons only annihilate when they encounter another proton or neutron in a nucleus.
Antiprotonic helium is a very special exotic atom.
Antiprotozoal medication is prescribed to kill the parasite.
An antiprotozoal is medicine
Antiprotozoals are another category in which much work is needed to find new and improved drugs.
An antipsychotic agent is tranquilizer
Antipsychotic agents cause an increase in the metabolic turnover of catecholamines.
An antipsychotic drug is tranquilizer
Antipsychotic drugs act primarily at receptors.
Antipsychotic drugs are the most regulated group.
Antipsychotic drugs are the standard treatment for delusional infestation.
Antipsychotic drugs can often significantly alleviate hallucinations and other abnormal behaviors.
Antipsychotic drugs can take between one and three months to take effect.
Antipsychotic drugs have a specific antimanic effect even if overt psychotic symptoms are absent.
Antipsychotic drugs help to control almost all the positive symptoms of the disorder.
All antipsychotic drugs are more or less equally efficacious.
Many antipsychotic drugs make patients nauseous.
Most antipsychotic drugs produce strong side effects, such as uncontrollable limb movements.
Antipsychotic medication is so important for people with Schizophrenia.
Antipsychotic medication is the primary pharmacological treatment for schizophrenia.
Antipsychotic medication is used to control severe mania.
Antipsychotic medications are an integral part of treating schizophrenia.
Antipsychotic medications help bring biochemical imbalances closer to normal.
Antipsychotic medications help to normalize the biochemical imbalances that cause schizophrenia.
Antipsychotic medicines are effective in many cases.
Antipsychotic therapy is the cornerstone of treatment of psychosis.
An antipsychotic is tranquilizer
Antipsychotics are available either as tablets or as long-acting injections.
Antipsychotics are drugs which balance people's moods or stop hallucinations.
Antipsychotics can have bad side effects such as sedation, tremors and seizures.
Antipsychotics work by blocking the transmission of dopamine.
Most antipsychotics have long half-lives.
Antipyretic activity is mediated through hypothalamic heat regulating centers.
An antipyretic is medicine
Antipyretics are medications designed to reduce fever.
Antipyretics are medications that lower fever, such as tylenol, aspirin and so on.
Antiquarian booksellers are also welcome to announce position openings that they are trying to fill.
Antiquarian reverence can be as untrue to the past as philistine garishness.
Antiquated agriculture remains the main hindrance to faster economic growth.
Antiquated appearance can discourage use.
Antiquated communications is another drawback.
Antiquated equipment makes it difficult to count everyone's vote quickly and correctly.
Antiquated methods are frequently unrelated to scientific logic.
Many antique apples are incomparable in cooking.
Antique armoire showcases our selection of ribbons.
Antique barber poles the paint.
Antique beams make excellent fireplace mantles.
All antique boats let bright however fair, once flight amuse beside.
Antique bookplates comprised of architectural, botanical and historic etchings are also available.
Antique brass is a soft, brown finish, and looks gently aged.
Antique brass is designed to represent a polished brass lantern that has already tarnished.
Antique buffs can tour the area's large number of antique outlets.
Antique buffs take special pleasure in browsing the area's antique shops and malls.
Antique cabinets display award-winning local wines, along with winery tour information.
Antique cars appeal to everybody.
Antique cars come from the surrounding five state area.
Antique clocks are superior to new clocks mechanically.
Antique clocks have a shellac finish.
Antique clocks is an art that ranges in style and beauty.
Antique clocks repair and restoration, antique pocket watch repair and restoration.
Antique clocks tick and chime throughout the house.
All antique clocks are interesting but some antique clocks are more valuable than others.
Antique collectors can scout out finds by visiting the shops that dot the area.
Most antique collectors make a hobby of the coveted items.
Antique cymbals accompany reappearance of the main theme in the flute.
Antique dealers are also often latecomers to their field.
Antique dealers are in business to make money, which they do by buying cheap and selling dear.
Antique dealers are the highest.
Antique dealers come from all around to show their treasures that they have found.
Antique dealers profit through buying, selling and trading antiques.
Antique dealers provide items to be auctioned off.
Antique dealers sell their wares in tiny shops and outdoors, weather permitting.
Antique dealers welcome.
Many antique dealers are terrible snobs.
Many antique dealers sell their low end merchandise at flea markets.
Some antique dealers say they are being unfairly targeted for holding legitimately purchased items.
Antique dolls increase in value every day.
Antique engravings are a unique gift idea and make a fine complement to any home or office.
Antique equipment includes steam engines and diesels.
Antique finish is an oxidized process that deepens with age.
Antique firearms are heirlooms.
Many antique fixtures decorate and add to the charm of the place.
Antique flowers are open-pollinated varieties that originated fifty or more years ago.
Many antique flowers are hard to find heirlooms, passed from one generation to another.
All antique fonts are sort of fake.
Antique furnishings combined with modern conveniences and a library ensure a pleasant stay.
Antique furnishings complement the landmark.
Antique furnishings decorate the dining room.
Antique furnishings enhance charm of spacious home.
