Lipids are the main constituents of cell membranes and are, in essence, biological soaps.
Lipids are the most diverse group of biochemicals.
Lipids are the most efficient energy storage molecules in cells.
Lipids are the most efficient way to store energy, for instance.
Lipids are the only nutrient that the body has an unlimited capacity to store excess.
Lipids are varied in structure.
Lipids are very poor.
Lipids are vital to animals and plants in many ways.
Lipids are vital to the integrity of cell membranes and to new plant growth.
Lipids block the diffusion of ions across the plasma membrane.
Lipids can be part of an emulsion but can never stabilise an emulsion.
Lipids can combine with proteins to form lipoproteins , e.g. in cell membranes.
Lipids can combine with proteins to form lipoproteins.
Lipids can diffuse.
Lipids can either be in two dominant forms, exogenous or endogenous.
Lipids can provide non-protein calories.
Lipids can serve as energy sources for cells.
Lipids combine with proteins.
Lipids come together to fats.
Lipids comes from the Greek lipos, meaning fat.
Lipids contain almost twice as much energy per unit weight than carbohydrates.
Lipids exhibit some membrane solubility.
Lipids form the barriers surrounding various compartments within an organism.
Lipids function in the long-term storage of biochemical energy , insulation, structure and control.
Lipids have (part) atoms.
Lipids have (part) chemical chain.
Lipids have (part) chemical groups.
Lipids have a variety of functions in living organisms.
Lipids have many important physiological roles.
Lipids improve capacity.
Lipids includes waxes, fats, oils, steroids and among others.
Lipids is one of the premier journals published in the lipids field today.
Lipids move laterally in a membrane, but flip-flopping across the membrane is rare.
Lipids never do.
Lipids occur between the distinct layers of keratin toward top of figure.
Lipids occur in the general protoplasm and Pectins are present in quite large amounts in tea.
Lipids offer unique pharmaceutical benefits.
Lipids perform many important roles.
Lipids play energy storage and structural roles in cells, and many hormones are lipids.
Lipids pose a problem to drug delivery systems.
Lipids promote uptake.
Lipids provide energy and give structural support.
Lipids release large amounts of energy when broken down.
Lipids require sterols for their transport and are steroid precursor.
Lipids serve a number of functions in the human body.
Lipids serve as a source of fuel and are one of the main components of cell structure.
Lipids spontaneously form bilayers.
Lipids supply about twice the energy as proteins and carbohydrates.
All lipids are amphipathic , that is, they have hydrophilic and hydrophobic regions.
All lipids form bilayer membranes.
All lipids have many more nonpolar bonds or regions than polar bonds or regions.
Many lipids are made of numerous fatty acids.
Many lipids are surfactants and spontaneously form organized structures at interfaces.
Most lipid is stored in the fat body, although small amounts are found in other cells.
Most lipids are produced by glands.
Most lipids are produced by mammary glands.
Most lipids combine with proteins.
Most lipids improve capacity.
Most lipids promote uptake.
Some lipids contain acid.
Some lipids contain alcohol.
Some lipids contain fatty acid.
Some lipids contain phosphorus.
Some lipids derive from cholesterol.
Some lipids even span the membrane, with hydrophilic groups on each end of a hydrophobic molecule.
Some lipids function as hormones.
Many lipofuscin granules appear due to the accumulation of lipids in mitochondria.
A lipogram is text
Lipograms are just wordplay, but of course they have a political message too.
Lipoic acid can also potentially regenerate other antioxidants.
Lipoic acid is antioxidant.
Lipoic acid is chemical compounds.
Lipoic acid prevents buthionine sulfoximine-induced cataract formation in newborn rats.
Lipoic acid primes insulin.
Lipoid pneumonia causes cough and fever.
A lipoma is a tumor
Lipomas are always benign.
Lipomas are benign tumors composed of mature fat cells.
Lipomas are benign tumors of fat cells commonly found under the skin in dogs.
Lipomas are benign tumors of fat cells uncommonly found under the skin in cats.
Lipomas are common benign tumors derived from the lipocyte cell line.
Lipomas are common subcutaneous fatty tumors.
Lipomas are common.
Lipomas are diseases.
Lipomas are fatty lumps often found on middle-aged dogs.
Lipomas are fatty tumors common in older horses.
Lipomas are more common in women and tend to appear on the forearms, torso, and back of the neck.
Lipomas are quite common in older dogs.
Lipomas are round or oval lumps under the skin caused by fatty deposits.
Lipomas are tumors.
Lipomas develop as single, painless lumps.
Lipomas differ biochemically from normal mature fat.
Lipomas have increased levels of lipoprotein lipase.
Lipophilic chemicals like to dissolve in similarly lipophilic environments, such as membranes.
Lipophilic compounds have great potential in the discovery process.
Lipophilic emulsifiers are miscible with penetrants in all concentrations.
Lipophilic emulsifiers are oil based and are used undiluted.
More lipophilic molecules can diffuse through the lipid layer.
Lipoprotein lipase is found in vascular endothelium.
Lipoprotein lipase is produced, regulated and functional in rat brain.
Lipoprotein lipase is stimulated by glucagon through a second messenger mechanism.
Lipoprotein lipases are proteins.
Lipoprotein particles contain a hydrophobic core of cholesterol esters and triglycerides .
A lipoprotein is a protein
Lipoprotein particles that transport cholesterol to the liver.
Lipoproteins account for part of the nonspecific antiviral activity of human serum.
Lipoproteins are a combination of lipids covered by proteins.
Lipoproteins are a combination of varying amounts of fats and proteins.
Lipoproteins are actually aggregrates.
Lipoproteins are carriers for transporting cholesterol throughout the body.
Lipoproteins are compounds of fats and proteins.
Lipoproteins are important in cell membranes and in transporting lipids in the blood.
Lipoproteins are large molecules that transport fat and cholesterol in the body.
Lipoproteins are larger and less dense, if they consist of more fat than of protein.
Lipoproteins are macromolecular complexes of lipids and proteins, called apolipoproteins.
Lipoproteins are most important when steroidogenic cells are chronically stimulated.
Lipoproteins are outer monolayers of proteins and polar lipids with an inner core of neutral lipids.
Lipoproteins are packages of fat, cholesterol, and protein.
Lipoproteins are packages of proteins, cholesterol and triglycerides assembled by the liver.
Lipoproteins are particles that package cholesterol, allowing it to be transported in the blood.
Lipoproteins are proteins carrying lipids.
Lipoproteins are proteins that carry lipids in the bloodstream.
Lipoproteins are proteins.
Lipoproteins are structures that transport cholesterol.
Lipoproteins are the carriers of cholesterol and triglyceride.
Lipoproteins are the protein components that carry cholesterol through the circulation.
Lipoproteins are the vehicles that carry cholesterol through the blood stream.
Lipoproteins carry triglyceride fats and cholesterol in the blood.
Lipoproteins come in different sizes.
Lipoproteins come in two types, and each affects our cardiovascular risk in different ways.
Lipoproteins move cholesterol and triglycerides throughout the bloodstream.
Lipoproteins package water-insoluble lipids for transport through the bloodstream.
Lipoproteins take their toll on the host.
Liposomal doxorubicin is generally well tolerated.
Liposomal sprays have greater bioavailability and quicker activity than capsules or tablets.
Liposomal sprays have greater bioavailability and quicker activity that capsules or tablets.
Liposome treatment induces interferon synthesis and activation of interferon-stimulated genes.
A liposome is a cyst
Liposome s as carriers for vaccines.
Liposomes are a relatively new development in skincare formulations.
Liposomes are able to travel to the tumour site, where they release the drug.
Liposomes are artifacts.
Liposomes are artificial membranes that can be formed in a test tube.
Liposomes are but one way of putting DNA into living cells.
Liposomes are easy use for high throughput screening but give misleading results.
Liposomes are lipid bilayers entrapping a fraction of aqueous fluid.
Liposomes are lipid-bilayer bounded vesicles.
Liposomes are microscopic fat bubbles that can be used to encase a drug.
Liposomes are microscopic fat capsules.
Liposomes are microscopic spheres that have an outer skin much like that of human cells.
Liposomes are spherical supramolecular structures made of lipid bilayers.
Liposomes are spherical vesicles formed by mixing lipids with water or water solutions.
Liposomes are synthetic pellets that are supposedly able to carrier oils into the skin.
Liposomes are very small, submicroscopic globules of oil.
Liposomes are vesicles.
Liposomes can also act as adjuvants.
Liposomes have a long history in the study of biological membranes.
Liposomes have three main advantages over plain dry capsule or tablet delivery methods.
Liposomes interact with wall-less cells.
Liposomes models for studying bilayer structure.
Liposomes modulate human immunodeficiency virus infectivity.
Liposomes resemble in some ways the walls of certain biological cells.
A liposuction is an operation
Liposuction allows for the easy removal of unwanted fatty deposits.
Liposuction alone leads the pack with a nearly fivefold increase.
Liposuction begins to suck out fat.
Liposuction can give a new shape to people who never dreamed it was possible.
Liposuction can improve body contour and provide a sleeker appearance.
Liposuction can lead to a more exciting life.
Liposuction can level the contours around a sunken scar.
Liposuction can permanently recontour annoying areas of localized fat.
Liposuction can remove exercise and diet resistant fat to provide a more pleasing overall shape.
Liposuction can remove fatty deposits from areas resistant to diet and exercise.
Liposuction can remove fatty deposits in the cheeks, jowls and neck.
Liposuction can treat virtually any area of the body.
Liposuction costs extra.
Liposuction gains more and more popularity.
Liposuction has a tremendous appeal because it results in minimal hidden scars.
Liposuction improves body shape using tube and vacuum devices to remove unwanted fat deposits.
Liposuction improves the look of many body areas by removing fat cells in targeted places.
Liposuction is a highly popular procedure.
Liposuction is a popular procedure.
Liposuction is a procedure that removes excess fat through a suctioning process.
Liposuction is a procedure where fat is suctioned out of the body.
Liposuction is a reasonable way to deal with the hump, probably the best way.
Liposuction is a relatively simple surgical procedure with a growing number of applications.
Liposuction is a surgical technique to remove fat.
Liposuction is a technique that removes excess fat from the neck, hips, thighs or stomach.
Liposuction is a technique to remove unwanted fat deposits from specific areas of the body.
Liposuction is a technique used to contour the body by removing fat deposits from specific areas.
Liposuction is also available.
Liposuction is an important part of the endoscopic tummy tuck.
Liposuction is an open ended proposition.
Liposuction is an operation with the potential for some very serious complications.
Liposuction is an outpatient procedure, and for small areas, can be done under local anesthetic.
Liposuction is an outpatient surgical procedure performed either under local or general anesthesia.
Liposuction is dangerous.
Liposuction is done in conjunction with the abdominoplasty.
Liposuction is done to remove excess fatty deposits from the neck or jowl area.
Liposuction is done using local anesthetic plus sedation or general anesthetic.
Liposuction is effective for both men and women.
Liposuction is for inch loss and body contouring.
Liposuction is imported from France and approved in America.
Liposuction is included.
Liposuction is introduced.
Liposuction is often the best and most permanent treatment for localized fatty deposits.
Liposuction is performed through several small incisions in several areas of the thigh.
Liposuction is popular among men, particularly for eliminating bulging fat around the waist.
Liposuction is similar to body sculpting.
Liposuction is somewhat more uncomfortable.
Liposuction is still a relatively new cosmetic procedure that selectively removes fat from the body.
Liposuction is superior to tummy tuck.
Liposuction is surgery and has the same types of risks as other surgical procedures.
Liposuction is the answer for a thinner, flatter stomach.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic procedure performed in the United States.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic procedure requested by both sexes.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic surgery performed in the United States.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic surgery procedure being performed in the United States.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic surgery procedure performed in the United States.
Liposuction is the most common cosmetic surgery.
Liposuction is the most common procedure, followed by breast augmentation.
Liposuction is the most commonly performed cosmetic procedure in the Untied States.
Liposuction is the most popular of all cosmetic plastic surgeries.
Liposuction is the only true spot reducer.
Liposuction is the removal of fat by suction to eliminate unwanted bulges.
Liposuction is the removal of fat cells through a tiny incision.
Liposuction is the removal of fat from unwanted areas of the body.
Liposuction is the removal of unsightly fat deposits via a small suction device.
Liposuction is the surgical vacuuming of fat from beneath the surface of the skin.
Liposuction is totally ineffective in the long term.
Liposuction is used on patients who want to slim down in certain areas.
Liposuction is used to improve the contour or remove additional fat.
Liposuction is usually good for localized fat collections.
Liposuction is usually safe in the hands of an experienced and board certified physician.
Liposuction is usually safe in the hands of an experienced practitioner.
Liposuction is very safe and effective.
Liposuction is very unrealistic.
Liposuction makes lymphoedema much worse.
Liposuction makes spot reduction possible by removing fat cells from isolated regions of the body.
Liposuction normally takes an hour or two, but that depends on how much liposuction is done.
Liposuction permanently removes the fat cells.
Liposuction permanently removes the unwanted fat cells.
Liposuction Provides before and after pictures, information about costs, details about procedures.
Liposuction ranks as the most commonly performed cosmetic procedure.
Liposuction refines the contour of the neck and jaw by reducing the number of fat cells.
Liposuction removes fatty deposits which are unresponsive to diet and exercise.
Liposuction removes inches rather than pounds.
Liposuction removes localized deposits of subcutaneous fat.
Liposuction removes unwanted fat to resculpt the problem areas leaving a more attractive contour.
Liposuction seems very simple and safe.
Liposuction uses a high-power vacuum to remove subcutaneous fat.
Liposuction uses high suction and a narrow long tube to remove fat cells.
Liposuctions are plastic surgery.
Liposuctions are surgical removals.
Lipoteichoic acid mediates the bacterial attachment.
Lipoteichoic acids are teichoic acids that are linked to the underlying cell membrane.
Lipotropic agents are compounds which promote the flow of fat and bile to and from the liver.
Lipotropic herbals are nutrients that work to help prevent the accumulation of fat in the liver.
Lipped cannula resists pullout from the arthroscopic portal.
Lipschitz continuity is emphasized over the standard weaker definition.
Lipschitz functions are uniformly continuous.
A lipstick is makeup
Lipstick is Plumage.
Lipstick isa make-up.
Lipsticks are located in cabinets.
Lipsticks are located in purses.
Lipsticks are makeup.
Lipsticks Ask for our professional lipstick products and colour charts.
Lipsticks have (part) sections.
Lipsticks range in formulations and color.
Lipsticks stay true, mascara stays put and the look is so natural.
Most lipstick is made out of fish gills.
Most lipsticks contain fish scales.
Some lipsticks are also lip balms, to add color and hydration.
Liqu ids pass through spout only when child sips.
Liquefaction calls for coal to be pulverized into fine particles and then mixed with water.
Liquefaction can also cause severe mudslides.
Liquefaction can be one of the major causes of damage during an earthquake.
Liquefaction can cause ground displacement and ground failure.
Liquefaction causes damage.
Liquefaction causes major damage.
Liquefaction follows extreme hyaline degeneration.
Liquefaction is a hazard in areas that have groundwater near the surface and sandy soil.
Liquefaction is a potential problem in any area where a loss estimation is being made.
Liquefaction is A. flooding of coastal areas due to tectonic subsidence.
Liquefaction is especially dangerous for buildings standing on reclaimed land.
Liquefaction is one of the most important problems resulting from strong earthquakes.
Liquefaction is phase change.
Liquefaction is physical change
Liquefaction is the changing of properties of a solid upon the addition of water.
Liquefaction is widespread, but with very limited lateral spread probably due to the flat terrain.
Liquefaction isa process.
Liquefaction occurs because of unconsolidated sand, clay or rocks.
Liquefaction occurs in loose, water-saturated sands as they are shaken by an earthquake.
Liquefaction occurs when a gas changes states and becomes a liquid.
Liquefaction occurs when an earthquake turns underground sediments to quicksand.
Liquefaction occurs when sandy soil becomes saturated by groundwater and then is shaken.
Liquefaction occurs where ground water is near the surface in soils composed of sands and silts.
Liquefaction requires energy.
Liquefaction sorts sediments and dead plants and animals.
Liquefaction often occurs during earthquakes causing the soil to react like a liquid.
Most liquefaction causes damage.
Most liquefaction causes major damage.
Some liquefaction also occurs when liquid manure is stored anaerobically.
Some liquefaction causes mudslides.
Some liquefaction causes problems.
Some liquefaction causes severe mudslides.
Liquefactive necrosis occurs in the spleen and kidney.
A liqueur is alcohol
Liqueur improves with additional aging.
Liqueurs are alcohol.
Liqueurs are cheap, try the local ponche crema.
Liqueurs are hard liquor.
Liqueurs are still susceptible to oxidation even if it takes a long time.
Liqueurs are usually high in calories and the cream based ones, high in fat.
Most liqueurs have coffee cups or cordial glasses which usually come packaged as boxed sets.
Liquid acetone produces moderate transient eye irritation.
Liquid air is a cryogen
Liquid air is air that has been cooled to a very low temperature.
Liquid air is air
Liquid air is made and distilled to show that it contains oxygen and nitrogen.
Liquid ammonia boils at the same temperature.
Liquid ammonia can also attack rubber and certain plastics.
Liquid ammonia is a vesicant.
Liquid ammonia is ammonia.
Liquid ammonia is injected directly into the soil for certain crops such as corn and sugar beets.
Liquid ammonia is liquids.
Liquid ammonia is the best-known and most widely studied nonaqueous ionising solvent.
Some liquid antacids contain a gas relieving compound called simethicone.
Liquid application is one cup guano into five gallons of water.
Liquid assets are assets either in the form of cash or readily convertible into cash.
Liquid assets are assets that can be turned into cash, or liquidated immediately.
Liquid assets are assets.
Liquid assets are cash and other financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, bank accounts etc.
Liquid assets have short maturities but are low yielding.
Liquid assets trade at a higher multiple than non-liquid assets.
Liquid ballast makes sidewalls stiffer, which causes a rougher ride and more compaction.
Liquid barium is put into the colon through a slender tube inserted into the rectum.
Liquid barometers are the older style of barometer and look similar to a clear jug with a spout.
Liquid bleach is a base.
Liquid bleach is a solution
Liquid bleach is solutions.
Liquid bleach loses strength over time.
Liquid bridges are regions of liquid that span the gap between two or more solid supports.
Liquid calories are also over the top because of super-sizing.
Liquid capacity is the tank volume below the outlet.
Liquid cargo is discharged directly from the vessels into the shore tanks through pipe - lines.
Liquid cash is needed for the first year of study.
Liquid cement is applied while holding the parts together.
Many liquid chemicals pose hazards that correspond to more than one storage group.
Some liquid chemicals enter intestines.
Some liquid chemicals enter small intestines.
Liquid chlorine burns the skin and gaseous chlorine irritates the mucus membranes.
Liquid chlorine causes frost burns and is corrosive to human tissue.
Liquid chlorine is amber in color.
Liquid chlorine is available in many forms, including laundry bleach and postharvest wash materials.
Liquid chlorine is mixed into drinking water and swimming pools to destroy bacteria.
Liquid chlorine is shipped under pressure in steel containers.
Liquid chlorine is used to control allergy, slime, etc.
Liquid chlorophyll counteracts toxins, the result is that the body heal faster.
Liquid chlorophyll have molecular structures.
Liquid chlorophyll have same molecular structures.
Liquid chlorophyll have structures.
Liquid chlorophyll helps to keep the bowels functioning properly.
Most liquid chlorophyll have molecular structures.
Most liquid chlorophyll have same molecular structures.
Most liquid chlorophyll have structures.
Liquid chromatography is all about solubility and selectivity.
Liquid chromatography is one of the four types.
Liquid cleanup provides companies with the best and easiest opportunity for recycling used oil.
Liquid clouds appear in lighter shades, while ice clouds and snow appear dark.
Liquid color is also perfect for tinting sugar and coconut.
Liquid color is the most common and best for creating pastel shades.
Liquid condensate is collected in an impinger placed between the two resin traps.
Liquid conductivity depends on the mobility of the molecules and their speed.
Liquid contact can cause frostbite.
Liquid contact can produce irritation of the eyes or skin with blistering and eczema.
Liquid contact causes frostbite.
Liquid contaminants lead to oil break down, acid pitting, and viscosity loss.
Liquid contamination is identified using the detection paper included in the kit.
Liquid contents are corrosive to skin and eyes.
Liquid courage is very dangerous if taken in extreme amounts.
Liquid crystal states have distinctive properties.
Liquid crystal states have properties.
Liquid crystal is a cholesterol.
Liquid crystal is a liquid
Liquid crystal is injected under a glass pane that is placed over a silicon chip.
Liquid crystal is liquids.
Liquid crystal reacts predictably when electrically stimulated.
Liquid crystals act like shutters in display screens.
Liquid crystals appear to be the material of choice for flat panel displays.
Liquid crystals are a state of matter, just like the better-known states of liquid, solid and gas.
Liquid crystals are a state of order between crystals and liquids.
Liquid crystals are an important component of living systems.
Liquid crystals are another example.
Liquid crystals are states of matter intermediate between normal crystals and normal liquids.
Liquid crystals are states of matter intermediate between normal liquids and normal crystals.
Liquid crystals are unique systems where topological structures are accessible for detailed studies.
Liquid crystals attach themselves to the carbon atoms and are aligned.
Liquid crystals change color with temperature in the visible region.
Liquid crystals consist of elongated and rigid molecules.
Liquid crystals exhibit an array of topological defects, such as strings and monopoles.
Liquid crystals lack the full three dimensional position and orientation order of ordinary crystals.
Liquid crystals make fine optical switches.
Liquid crystals provide their own temperature indicator.
Liquid crystals rotate the light so that it fits through the filter.
Many liquid crystals are simple polymeric organic compounds.
Some liquid crystal reacts to heat.
Some liquid crystals change color when their temperature changes.
Some liquid crystals exhibit what are known as re-entrant phases , as shown on the diagram below.
Liquid delivery is another very popular way to supplement with creatine.
Liquid detergent ensures that all surfaces of the macerated root tissue are thoroughly wetted.
Liquid detergent is detergent
Liquid detergent is detergent.
Liquid detergents are especially good for cold water washes since they dissolve readily.
Liquid detergents are generally phosphate-free.
Liquid detergents are usually effective in removing greasy, oily stains.
Liquid detergents are usually free of phosphates.
Liquid detergents work on washable textiles.
A liquid diet is a diet
Liquid diet consists entirely of liquids, of which milk is the most valuable.
Liquid diets are also more expensive to prepare and more difficult to store than dry feeds.
Liquid diets are diets.
Liquid diets are safe only if they are used according to directions.
Some liquid diets consist of juice.
Some liquid diets consist of liquids.
Liquid dye is injected into the heart chambers.
Liquid dye is put into the catheter to fill the bladder.
Liquid emissions are thus very small.
Liquid emulsion encapsulates the mesh producing an image influenced by the mesh.
Liquid enrichment selects only the fastest growing member of the population.
Liquid fats seem to flow through the vessels without reacting to form the wall deposits.
Liquid fats solidify in the cold drains pipes and create clogs.
Liquid feed is supplemented to replacement heifers and bulls during the winter.
Liquid fertilisers are also useful when the plant is young.
Liquid fertilizer facilitates growth.
Liquid fertilizer has the benefit of providing quick uptake of nutrients.
Liquid fertilizer is a better choice than solid.
Liquid fertilizer is absorbed quickly by the roots.
Liquid fertilizer is easiest to apply, but follow manufacturer's recommendations.
Liquid fertilizer is just a solution of water-soluble compounds.
Liquid fertilizer is safe and easy to use with little risk to personal safety.
Liquid fertilizer is the most common and easiest way to apply nutrients to a large number of plants.
Liquid fertilizer provides superior crop performance compared to dry fertilizer.
Liquid fertilizers are a convenient way to supply needed nutrients.
Liquid fertilizers are a second.
Liquid fertilizers are easiest to use on citrus trees that grow in containers.
Liquid fertilizers can be easier to use, as are grow sticks or other solid fertilizers.
Liquid fertilizers dissolve most readily, followed by powders, and then granular types.
Liquid fertilizers require a sprayer.
Liquid fertilizers wind up in wetlands and streams where they kill plants and animals.
Most liquid fertilizers contain polyphosphates.
Liquid fluorocarbons have a very high capacity for holding gas in solution.
Liquid food goes into the tube.
Liquid food is carried inside to feed the hungry satellite colony.
Liquid food stores in stomachs.
Liquid foods are pops, juices, watery soups and other beverages.
Liquid form is created by cooling the natural gas to a very low temperature.
Liquid form stains teeth.
Liquid forms have high lipid solubility and are quickly redistributed to other tissue.
Liquid formaldehyde can also cause severe damage to the eyes.
Liquid formula is given through the tube at times scheduled by a physician.
Liquid formulation has pleasant taste.
Liquid formulation is combustible - keep away from heat and open flame.
Liquid formulation is flammable.
Liquid formulations are also available for water injection or flood applications.
Liquid formulations are common and contain a variety of active ingredients.
Liquid formulations are more perishable than dry formulations.
Liquid formulations stick to leaves and move out of the whorl region as the plant grows.
Liquid foundation is the most versatile of all foundations.
Liquid fuel is fuel.
Liquid fuel is injected directly into the combustion chamber.
Liquid fuel is injected into the cylinder as it was before.
Liquid fuel is liquids.
Liquid fuels are an important component of the South African energy sector.
Liquid fuels are easy to store and transport.
Many liquid fuels undergo supercritical combustion.
Liquid gas is mainly propane and butane hydrocarbons liquefied under pressure.
Liquid gases move from places.
Most liquid gases move from places.
Liquid ginseng is extracted from the roots of the plant.
More liquid goods qualify for higher advance rates.
Liquid helium continues to play a role in space cryogenics.
Liquid helium cooled devices are difficult to operate in the laboratory and even more so in space.
Liquid helium helps to keep the system that cold.
Liquid helium is much denser than gaseous helium, so it can fall.
Liquid helium is supplied by the cryo-reservoir atop the vessel.
Liquid helium is supplied in both single and double-vent vessels.
Liquid helium is the simplest condensed matter system.
Liquid helium is unusually hard to store.
Liquid helium is used to cool metals for superconductivity use.
Liquid helium is used to make superconductive magnets.
Liquid helium possesses unique properties that make it widely studied in condensed-matter physics.
Liquid herbs are highly concentrated and easily assailable.
Liquid herbs are highly concentrated and easily assimilable.
Liquid herbs are highly concentrated and easily assimilated.
Liquid herbs are highly concentrated herbal extracts suspended in a base of pure vegetable glycerin.
Liquid herbs are particularly easy to give to children.
Liquid honey is also available.
Liquid honey is extracted from combs by centrifugal force with specially built extractors.
Liquid hydrocarbons come out tops.
Liquid hydrogen combines with liquid oxygen to give off lot of heat energy.
Liquid hydrogen is a superconducting material.
Liquid hydrogen is an example of such a fuel.
Liquid hydrogen is delivered into stationary vacuum jacketed vessels at the customer's location.
Liquid hydrogen is supplied only in double-vent vessels.
Liquid hydrogen is the safest and most economical choice for moving energy across the oceans.
Liquid hydrogen is used as a fuel for rocket motors.
Liquid hydrogen requires special storage facilities.
Liquid immersion provides a way to reduce the physical stress of G forces .
Liquid ingredients are cooperative and can always be accurately measured by volume.
Liquid ingredients consist of sodium acetate and water which is food grade material.
Liquid ingredients consists of sodium acetate, a form of non-toxic, food grade salt, and water.
Liquid ingredients slow down cooking.
Liquid injection is used for heat removal.
Liquid ink interacts physically and chemically with the fibers of the receiving medium.
Liquid ink is absorbed into the paper.
Liquid ink is an inexpensive way to begin paintng and is easy to carry around for location painting.
Liquid inoculants are available in broth culture or as frozen concentrate.
Some liquid insecticides work better and last longer than others, but are more expensive as well.
Liquid iodine is usually available in health foods stores.
Liquid iron is injected into the tree and the hole is caulked shut.
Liquid latex is a product used to make rubber masks and molds for rubber masks.
Liquid latex is a weak conductor.
Liquid latex is excellent for making crows feet and bags under the orbits of the eyes.
Liquid light is fun stuff but can be tricky to use.
Liquid lime is a suspension of a very finely ground limestone in water.
Liquid lithium is less viscous than water.
Liquid lithium is supplied to the mesh surface via a flow tube from an in-situ reservoir.
Liquid manure can become crusty on top and look solid enough to walk on.
Liquid manure flows onto an inclined screen.
Liquid manure is a valuable resource and a challenge to handle.
Liquid manure is added little by little since only small amounts of moisture works well.
Liquid manure is applied to field A and B every year.
Liquid manure is helps crops grow quickly.
Liquid manure is pumped into the tank and spread out onto cropland through drop hoses.
Liquid manure is used on the corn crop and balanced with fertilizer when spread on the alfalfa crop.
Liquid manures are also beneficial.
Liquid manures are beneficial.
Some liquid manure is broadcasted on the field surface.
Some liquid manure is injected below field surface.
Liquid margarines are good choices when used in small quantities.
Liquid margarines have even lower levels.
Liquid material is very slippery.
Liquid meals are also available.
Liquid meals are often the best choices.
Liquid meals contain proteins.
Most liquid meals are high carbohydrate and low in fat.
Most liquid meals contain proteins.
Liquid medication can partially evaporate making it more potent.
Liquid medications are more difficult for cats to spit out.
Liquid Media Pour down sink drain.
Any liquid medium is called a broth.
Liquid metal conducts electricity.
Liquid metal continues to pour into the mould to replenish the withdrawn metal at an equal rate.
Liquid metal is poured into a negative mold of the object that is going to be made.
Liquid metal pours out.
Liquid metal shrinks as it solidifies, creating holes that weaken the final part.
Liquid Metals Create a liquid chrome metallic texture.
Liquid metals provide an intermediate subphase for monolayers.
Liquid metathesis is probably the most common form.
Liquid methane is cold methane.
Liquid mirrors are interesting in other areas of science besides astronomy.
Liquid mirrors can be a low cost alternative to conventional large telescopes.
Liquid mixture contains substances.
Most liquid mixture contains substances.
Liquid moisture is a problem in bale walls, as it is in any wall system.
Liquid molding is a quick, cost effective alternative to injection molding.
Liquid molding is an important manufacturing technique for modern reinforced polymers.
Liquid molecules are close together without any regular arrangement.
Liquid molecules are in a constant state of movement and entirely random in their configuration.
Liquid molecules are more tightly compacted than gas molecules.
Liquid nails is great product.
Liquid nails tends to be harder to clean up.
Liquid naphthalene poses other hazards.
Liquid neon is an economical cryogenic refrigerant.
Liquid neon is used as a cryogenic refrigerant.
Liquid nitrogen boils at room termperature.
Liquid nitrogen can be hazardous.
Liquid nitrogen can be very dangerous if improperly handled.
Liquid nitrogen can cause severe frostbite.
Liquid nitrogen can cause terrible burns.
Liquid nitrogen can freeze things.
Liquid nitrogen can increase production rates of moulded products.
Liquid nitrogen destroys the warts on the skin's surface, but the warts can recur.
Liquid nitrogen flows by gravity into the laser dewar.
Liquid nitrogen is a cold, liquefied gas that is sprayed on the skin with a spray gun.
Liquid nitrogen is a cryogen
Liquid nitrogen is a cryogenic fluid that can cause rapid freezing on contact with living tissue.
Liquid nitrogen is a cryogenic liquid .
Liquid nitrogen is a dangerous material.
Liquid nitrogen is a stock item and can be delivered daily.
Liquid nitrogen is abundant and cheaply available.
Liquid nitrogen is applied to external lesions with a Q-tip and feels extremely cold.
Liquid nitrogen is applied to the clinically apparent tumor.
Liquid nitrogen is applied to the lesion to destroy malignant tissue by ultra-cold freezing.
Liquid nitrogen is boiled and the gas used to inflate a balloon and shown the volume increase.
Liquid nitrogen is cheaper than beer.
Liquid nitrogen is circulated in the probes, and the tumor is destroyed by the freezing process.
Liquid nitrogen is cold.
Liquid nitrogen is cold.
Liquid nitrogen is colder than that.
Liquid nitrogen is colourless while liquid oxygen is blue in colour.
Liquid nitrogen is cryogens.
Liquid nitrogen is fairly messy and difficult to handle.
Liquid nitrogen is generally less costly and more readily available than liquid argon.
Liquid nitrogen is just about as dangerous as boiling water, and for all the same reasons.
Liquid nitrogen is much less expensive and easier to handle than liquid helium.
Liquid nitrogen is nitrogen in a liquid state at an extremely low temperature.
Liquid nitrogen is nitrogen
Liquid nitrogen is nitrogen.
Liquid nitrogen is nontoxic but can asphyxiate and cause freeze burns.
Liquid nitrogen is now available any day of the week.
Liquid nitrogen is placed in a large transparent dewar.
Liquid nitrogen is pushed into afflicted structures, freezing walls and termites in their tracks.
Liquid nitrogen is safer and is preferred to liquid oxygen as a cryogenic liquid coolant.
Liquid nitrogen is sprayed into the circuit.
Liquid nitrogen is sprayed onto the cancer to freeze it.
Liquid nitrogen is the largest processing cost in cryogenically cooling gears.
Liquid nitrogen is used as a coolant.
Liquid nitrogen is used as a refrigerant.
Liquid nitrogen is used by some medical doctors to destroy minor skin lesions such as warts.
Liquid nitrogen is used for cooling.
Liquid nitrogen is used in our CCD cameras .
Liquid nitrogen is used to cool certain instruments.
Liquid nitrogen is used to do experiments at low temperatures.
Liquid nitrogen is used to explain the effects of cold temperatures on objects.
Liquid nitrogen is used to freeze the blood.
Liquid nitrogen is used to keep items frozen at very low temperatures.
Liquid nitrogen is used to perform the experiments.
Liquid nitrogen is very cold .
Liquid nitrogen lowers the interior temperature, freezing the flashing to make it brittle.
Liquid nitrogen poses no environmental hazards.
Liquid nitrogen treatments for wart removal.
Liquid nitroglycerine is colorless if pure.
Liquid nutrients are available for children who refuse chewables.
Liquid nutrients course steadily through the bioreactor, mimicking blood flow.
Liquid nutrition is the easiest and most convenient way to get a calorie and nutrient dense fuel.
Liquid ounces are a measure of volume, and dry pounds are a measure of mass.
Liquid oxygen can increase fire hazards by enhancing the inflammability of combustible materials.
Liquid oxygen forms highly explosive mixtures with many organic materials.
Liquid oxygen has a slight blue color.
Liquid oxygen is a powerful oxidizing agent.
Liquid oxygen is added in an oxygen mole fraction exists in the test medium.
Liquid oxygen is added to the first five tanks in the circuit.
Liquid oxygen is also a key propellant when used with hydrocarbon fuels.
Liquid oxygen is also slightly paramagnetic.
Liquid oxygen is attracted to the magnet and can be clearly seen to flow towards it.
Liquid oxygen is cryogenic liquid.
Liquid oxygen is expensive.
Liquid oxygen is extremely combustible and requires specialized technicians to handle it.
Liquid oxygen is made by cooling the oxygen gas, which changes it to a liquid form.
Liquid oxygen is made to flow past a strong magnet.
Liquid oxygen is obtained from air by fractional distillation.
Liquid oxygen is oxygen
Liquid oxygen is oxygen.
Liquid oxygen is pale blue and odorless.
Liquid oxygen is pale blue.
Liquid oxygen is pale blue.
Liquid oxygen is the standard oxidizer used in the largest United States rocket engines.
Liquid oxygen is used as an oxidizer in the fuel systems of large rockets.
Liquid ozone is a deep blue, strongly magnetic liquid.
Liquid ozone is bluish black and solid ozone is violet-black.
Liquid ozone is bluish black, and solid ozone is violet-black.
Liquid pages are the best examples of relative positioning.
Liquid paint consists of three essential elements.
Liquid paint is composed of pigment, resin, and solvent.
Liquid paint is destined to have more or less an environmental problem.
Liquid paint is liquids.
Liquid paint is paint.
Liquid paints produce hazardous waste that is costly to dispose of.
Liquid paints tend to run away from sharp edges but powders cover the edges very well.
Liquid particles are called 'droplets'.
Liquid particles fall in the form of rain, while frozen particles fall as snow.
Liquid pectin is added to the boiling juice and sugar mixture.
Liquid Personalities Click on any item to view the details.
Liquid pesticides are also more effectively absorbed by weeds when applied post-emergent.
Some liquid pesticides are acceptable for use in OR suites.
Some liquid pesticides come in glass containers.
Liquid petroleum is highly flammable.
Some liquid plasma carries elements.
Liquid Plastic Make an outdoor chair with rubberized paint for year round use.
Liquid polish flows over the lenses and into a reservoir to be recirculated.
Liquid polymers keep drip irrigation lines from clogging.
Liquid potassium is better than capsules or tablets.
Liquid potassium is sealed into pipes surrounding the core.
Liquid potassium is useful.
Liquid precipitation is measured with a rain gauge.
Liquid preparations are available at pet stores.
Liquid pressure provides the energy for liquid injection.
Liquid pressure varies at different points on the sprayer.
Some liquid products are so viscous that they are gels.
Liquid propane is a freezing agent much like dry ice.
Liquid propane is highly flammable and dangerous if it escapes.
Liquid propane is liquid fuel.
Liquid propane is liquids.
Liquid propane is propane.
Liquid propane is used to heat hot air balloons.
Liquid propellants develop the most efficient thrusts for rocket power.
Liquid propellants have separate storage tanks - one for the fuel and one for the oxidizer.
Liquid pyrethrum is a contact spray that is applied directly onto the plant.
Liquid refreshments are available for runners.
Liquid refreshments are permissible.
Liquid refrigerant is held in a low-pressure surge tank.
Liquid refrigerant is stored here until it is needed by the system.
Liquid reserves are doable.
Liquid ritonavir comes with a measuring cup.
Liquid rotenone is available commercially.
Liquid rubber is used to make archeological and historic reproductions.
Liquid seaweed contains many micronutrients.
Liquid seaweed improves growth, increases yields and results in healthier, more productive plants.
Liquid seaweed is also a good fertilizer that is rich in potassium and phosphate.
Liquid seaweed is good natural disease fighter.
Liquid silicone seals small openings with a film to prevent penetration of moisture and dirt.
Liquid silver is administered orally and can also be injected.
Liquid smoke is also less satisfactory.
Liquid smoke is the highly concentrated moisture from burning wet hickory wood.
Liquid soap can be more useful than bar soap with young children.
Liquid soap is a solution of soft potassium soap dissolved in water.
Liquid soap is an excellent insecticide .
Liquid soap is located in cabinets.
Liquid soap is preferable.
Liquid soap is soap
Liquid soap is soap.
Liquid soap mixes with water.
Liquid sodium is used to cool nuclear reactors.
Liquid solder is included for permanent bonding.
Liquid solution is poisonous by ingestion and direct skin contact.
Liquid solutions are available across the counter, which can be self administered by patient.
Liquid solutions are liquids.
Liquid solutions are solutions.
Liquid solutions are the most familiar type.
Liquid solutions are usually transparent, evenly colored, and never separate into layers.
A liquid state is state of matter
Liquid state is the state of matter at temperature higher than the boiling point.
Liquid state is water, where the molecules move freely.
Liquid steel continues to pour into the mold to replenish the withdrawn steel at an equal rate.
Liquid steel ruins locks, bomb threats cost only a quarter.
Liquid stocks are very easy for traders to buy and sell.
Liquid stone has both a ceramic and a metallic appearance.
Liquid stool is more difficult to hold than solid.
Liquid stool is required for demonstration of virus.
Liquid stools can lead to dehydration, which can be very serious to a small infant.
Liquid strippers work best, but be sure to use the gel or semi-paste types.
All liquid substances are said to have liquid state.
Some liquid substances become gases.
Liquid sugar is introduced into the pans and the gum is dried with conditioned air.
Liquid sulfur is also available.
Liquid sunshine brings out the best and worst of all riders.
Liquid supplements are a convenient way to consume extra calories.
Liquid supplements are also available for home delivery with a physician's referral.
Liquid supplements are available which can be mixed into non- sugar juice.
Liquid supplements can be easier to swallow and less filling than solid foods.
Liquid tempera is the easiest to use and gives the best results.
Liquid thermometers are the most common type in use.
Liquid thermometers have a hollow tube partially filled with liquid.
Liquid toner has some limitations.
Liquid treatment consists of phase separation, ultrafiltration, and air flotation.
Liquid treatment is considered unacceptable for whatever reason.
Liquid vapor causes irritation.
Liquid velocity is another import concept.
Liquid ventilation is as simple as the name implies.
Liquid vitamins has a higher absorbtion rate than pills.
Liquid volume is measured using a unit called a liter.
Liquid volume is the space a liquid takes up.
Liquid volumes measure how much space a liquid takes up inside a given container.
Liquid War is a truly original multiplayer wargame.
Liquid War is a unique, multi-player war game.
Liquid waste contains materials.
Liquid waste contains products.
Liquid waste contains radioactive materials.
Liquid waste enters the cloaca for expulsion through the urinary bladder.
Liquid waste includes liquid scintillation vials and bulk liquids.
Liquid waste is aerated by a large blower as it flows through the tanks.
Liquid waste is directed to chute on top of unit and is automatically pumped away.
Liquid waste is disposed via the drain.
Liquid waste is dumped into the sewer systems.
Liquid waste is emptied into space.
Liquid waste is gathered in a system of tubules in a flatworm's body.
Liquid waste is piped into lagoons.
Liquid waste is pumped from a feed tank and enters the reactor through atomising nozzles.
Liquid waste is put into the bladder.
Liquid waste is removed from the body through the kidneys.
Liquid waste is turned into a odorless gel instantly on contact.
Liquid waste passes through the blood and the urinary system .
Liquid waste poses a negligible risk when disposed of by land spread.
Liquid waste rises to the top of the lagoons, emitting ammonia and methane into the air.
Most liquid waste contains materials.
Most liquid waste contains products.
Most liquid waste contains radioactive materials.
Some liquid waste is incinerated and some is absorbed on floor-dry and disposed of as solid waste.
Liquid water accounts for two-thirds of our body weight.
Liquid water acts as a UV shield, protecting potential organisms from UV irradiation.
Liquid water appears to be the critical ingredient for the development and sustenance of life.
Liquid water becomes a gas through evaporation , when subjected to heating.
Liquid water becomes ice.
Liquid water becomes water vapor.
Liquid water boils to give water vapor, which is a gas.
Liquid water can dissolve a variety of compounds.
Liquid water consists of many closely packed water molecules arranged in a haphazard manner.
Liquid water consists of molecules that move relative to one another.
Liquid water contains water molecules stuck together.
Liquid water covers most of the surface of our planet.
Liquid water dissolves a wide range of substances.
Liquid water expands rather than contracts when it freezes.
Liquid water expands when it freezes.
Liquid water falls as rain or drizzle.
Liquid water freezes and becomes solid ice when the molecules lose energy .
Liquid water freezes and becomes solid ice when the molecules lose energy.
Liquid water gains heat energy and turns into water vapor.
Liquid water has a higher entropy than ice, because it is disordered.
Liquid water has less hydrogen bonds which are continually forming and breaking.
Liquid water has the observable property of surface tension.
Liquid water holds a huge amount of heat energy and resists changes of state to solid or gas.
Liquid water is a disordered network of such bonded waters.
Liquid water is a highly dynamic substance.
Liquid water is a measure of water present in canopies.
Liquid water is a universal solvent .
Liquid water is abundant on earth because the boiling point is rare on earth's surface.
Liquid water is actually quite rare in the universe.
Liquid water is also responsible for most of the erosion and weathering of Earth's continents.
Liquid water is blue for the same reason.
Liquid water is both a resource and lifeblood.
Liquid water is coffee's worst enemy during storage.
Liquid water is considered a prerequisite for life.
Liquid water is considered an essential ingredient for life.
Liquid water is converted to water vapor during evaporation .
Liquid water is eddential for all known biology.
Liquid water is essential for biological systems for many reasons.
Liquid water is essential for life on earth and is the most probable solvent for life elsewhere.
Liquid water is found in many places.
Liquid water is found in oceans, lakes, ponds, rivers, streams, as well as in the ground.
Liquid water is in a lower energy state than water vapor.
Liquid water is necessary for almost all living things.
Liquid water is of vital importance in chemistry and biology.
Liquid water is one of the principal agents of weathering.
Liquid water is only possible if the temperature and pressure are high enough.
Liquid water is the essential ingredient for life on Mars.
Liquid water is the key ingredient for supporting life.
Liquid water is the main factor for life.
Liquid water is the most important single substance for life on earth.
Liquid water is the obvious fluid but other possibilities exist.
Liquid water is the substance perhaps most readily associated with erosion.
Liquid water is thought to be necessary for life.
Liquid water is thought to exist beneath the ice because of internal heat.
Liquid water is ubiquitous on Earth.
Liquid water is wet and fluid.
Liquid water is wets.
Liquid water is, in a way, the operational definition for life.
Liquid water means moderate temperatures.
Liquid water means there had to have been more of an atmosphere than there is on Mars now.
Liquid water occurs naturally in air lines as a result of compression.
Liquid water seems to be the one element needed for the equation of life on Mars.
Liquid water supports life.
Liquid water turns to ice .
Most liquid water becomes ice.
Most liquid water supports life.
Some liquid water absorbs energy.
Some liquid water becomes vapor.
Some liquid water becomes water vapor.
Some liquid water has skin.
Some liquid water plays major roles.
Some liquid water plays roles.
Some liquid water turns to ice.
Some liquid water turns to solid ice.
Liquid wax demands careful handling.
Liquid wax is similar, but typically provides a thinner coating.
Liquid yeast has a much shorter shelf life than dry yeast.
Liquid yeast is also more expensive.
A liquid is fluid
Liquid absorbs heat from skin as it changes into a gas.
Liquid also continues to collect underneath the mats.
Liquid based fertilzers are available in a wide variety of different formulations.
Liquid calls out in the Middle East.
Liquid can burn if heated to temperatures at or above flash point.
Liquid can burn upon heating to temperatures at or above flash point.
Liquid can burn upon heating to temperatures at or above the flash point.
Liquid can burn upon heating to temperatures at or above the flashpoint.
Liquid can cause severe but temporary irritation with slight transient cornea injury.
Liquid can cause severe damage to skin and eyes.
Liquid can cause severe freeze burns similar to frostbite.
Liquid can cause severe irritation with possible corneal injury.
Liquid can cause severe irritation, redness, tearing, blurred vision, and possible freeze burns.
Liquid can cause skin irritation and dermatitis, including acne.
Liquid can cause slight temporary irritation with slight temporary cornea injury.
Liquid can cause slight temporary irritation with slight transient cornea injury.
Liquid can cause slight, temporary irritation with slight temporary corneal injury.
Liquid can cause slight, temporary irritation with slight, temporary corneal injury.
Liquid can easily enter the syringe nozzle through clearance around the cap.
Liquid can leave the liver via the hepatic vein or via lymph ducts.
Liquid can pool in the bag and spill out when opened.
Liquid causes severe damage to mucous membranes if swallowed.
Liquid combines the high-quality paid download option with a lower quality streaming preview option.
Liquid cooled engines have passages for the liquid, or coolant, through the cylinder block and head.
Liquid cooled heat sinks reduce volume over air-cooled parts.
Liquid degreases the skin.
Liquid drains freely through a hole in the bottom of each tank.
Liquid drains from the head, displaced by the bubbles.
Liquid dripping from a branch infection can prevent turf growth beneath the dripping wound.
Liquid enters the top of the column.
Liquid enters the vessel through the inlet, located at the bottom of the filter.
Liquid Extracting Precrushers are also available along with a variety of containers .
Liquid falls from a point of discharge to the level of flow in the underlying sewer.
Liquid filled transformers are generally heavy, and require heavy equipment for disassembly.
Liquid filled, precision compass is protected in a sturdy plastic case.
Liquid flows down the condenser and through the adapter into a collection vessel.
Liquid flows into molds that form ingots, or bars of metal.
Liquid has a definite volume but no definite shape.
Liquid has an almost-fixed volume , but no set shape .
Liquid has an almost-fixed volume, but no set shape.
Liquid has more room to move in a partially-filled tank.
Liquid helps keep pests beneath the damage threshold.
Liquid helps keep the stool soft and easy to pass, so it's important to drink enough fluids.
Liquid holds iron, manganese, copper and calcium in solution.
Liquid infiltrates the grain boundaries of a dense preform.
Liquid irritates skin and causes frostbite.
Liquid is a defatting agent.
Liquid is a great form of scent and the most cost effective form.
Liquid is a most effective, convenient medium.
Liquid is a nice little screen saver that includes options for switching on and off.
Liquid is added to the powdered chocolate.
Liquid is also cool.
Liquid is also one of the four states of matter known as solids,liquids,gases,and plasma.
Liquid is any ingredient which contributes moisture to the dough.
Liquid is best. . . .
Liquid is blue in color and dries almost clear with a slight blue tint.
Liquid is carried in containers similar to eye drop or breath freshener bottles.
Liquid is circulated through the pipes and the unit, channeling heat to or from the unit.
Liquid is clear amber colored.
Liquid is coconut cream.
Liquid is collected in plastic bottles and sold at the school gate.
Liquid is considered as real incompressible and flow is laminar.
Liquid is corrosive.
Liquid is defined as a substance that is neither a solid nor a gas.
Liquid is digested faster than semi-solid food, which is digested fasted than solid food.
Liquid is discharged from the drain bowl, under system pressure through the outlet port.
Liquid is easily movable and clean, much like humans expressing themselves anytime and anywhere.
Liquid is especially helpful with infants.
Liquid is fed into the air stream either by siphon action or gravity.
Liquid is force-circulated through absorbent filter pads.
Liquid is free to move past the inlet valve ball and fill the liquid chamber.
Liquid is good.
Liquid is injected into the intestine, anus, bladder, or womb.
Liquid is injected through the column by a high-pressure liquid chromatograph pump.
Liquid is milky white.
Liquid is one of the four primary states of matter , with the others being solid , gas and plasma .
Liquid is one of the four primary states of matter, with the others being solid, gas and plasma.
Liquid is one of the most important states of matter.
Liquid is one of the three primary states of matter, with the others being solid and gas.
Liquid is poured into the wound and resulting foam shapes exactly to the contours of the wound.
Liquid is present inside container.
Liquid is probably best but some find the flavor and sight objectionable.
Liquid is pumped from the catchment tank through the feed line and feeder tubes to each plant.
Liquid is pumped in, and it is sucked back out along with whatever is still in the stomach.
Liquid is pumped to each atomizer on the boom via a separate manifold attached to the boom.
Liquid is stored in a removable glass insert.
Liquid is that which takes the shape of any container.
Liquid is the latest CD and the darkest.
Liquid is the most common form at room temperature.
Liquid is theoretically a form by itself.
Liquid is turned into an odorless gel upon contact.
Liquid is used as a completion and packer fluid to seal well casings and displace drilling mud.
Liquid isa substance.
Liquid means that the funds are available in a savings or money market type of account.
Liquid moving through a pipe or hose creates static electricity.
Liquid passes through the paper while the solid remains on the paper.
Liquid plays key roles in pharma industries.
Liquid Removes common warts safely and effectively.
Liquid rooting hormone seems to be much more effective than powders.
Liquid starts to freeze where it meets air, such as at the top of a canteen or water bottle.
Liquid still remains in the carpet backing or padding.
Liquid takes the shape of the container in which it is placed.
Liquid thermostable a -amylase.
Liquid travels to the head.
Liquids act as lubricant.
Liquids add fluid to the colon and bulk to stools making bowel movements softer and easier to pass.
Liquids adopt the shape of the recipients in which they are contained.
Liquids also have a shorter shelf life than dry products.
Liquids also have surface tension.
Liquids also undergo adhesion.
Liquids are a between phase of matter.
Liquids are able to conduct electricity, and enhance by salt or sugar contents.
Liquids are able to diffuse and mix with other liquids, but it is a slower mixing than in gases.
Liquids are actually quite hard when one tries to change the shape at high speeds.
Liquids are almost incompressible.
Liquids are also fluids.
Liquids are always 'leaking'.
Liquids are an even bigger disaster.
Liquids are as likely to come out the nose as make it to the stomach.
Liquids are best at room temperature or warm since cold drinks or foods tend to cause coughing.
Liquids are best at room temperature or warm since cold drinks tend to cause coughing.
Liquids are between the two other states in terms of organization.
Liquids are beverages.
Liquids are by far the most common.
Liquids are capable of boils.
Liquids are capable of flow.
Liquids are clears.
Liquids are conducive to the formation of shock waves.
Liquids are consonants.
Liquids are corrosive and stain.
Liquids are dense, gases are light.
Liquids are easier to get down, but sometimes that's tough also.
Liquids are easier to measure when they are cold.
Liquids are easily moved, hence women are inconstant and curious.
Liquids are easy especially for container gardening.
Liquids are easy to mix and stay homogeneous.
Liquids are essential in preventing constipation and dehydration.
Liquids are essential to cookie recipes.
Liquids are excellent for use in many applications because they are relatively easy to measure.
Liquids are fluid, able to flow and take any shape.
Liquids are fluid.
Liquids are fluidy, can move around a little, and fill up containers.
Liquids are found between the solid and gas states .
Liquids are found between the solid and gas states.
Liquids are generally incompressible while gases are compressible.
Liquids are generally less dense than solids , but denser than gases .
Liquids are generally less dense than solids, but denser than gases.
Liquids are generally much more compressible than solids.
Liquids are hard to compress.
Liquids are important in winter camping.
Liquids are important to decrease the risk of hypothermia.
Liquids are incompressible.
Liquids are key.
Liquids are less filling and easier for debilitated, weak or lethargic people to take.
Liquids are liquids.
Liquids are located in cans.
Liquids are located in containers.
Liquids are located in cups.
Liquids are located in jars.
Liquids are materials that can flow, such as water, mercury, or maple sap.
Liquids are medicine.
Liquids are more difficult to swallow than solids.
Liquids are more disordered than solids.
Liquids are more likely to accidentally enter the windpipe compared to pills or capsules.
Liquids are more likely to produce a fast reaction.
Liquids are more ordered than gases, but less ordered than solids.
Liquids are much harder to compress than gases.
Liquids are much more compressible than solids.
Liquids are natural stool softeners.
Liquids are nearly incompressible fluids.
Liquids are nearly incompressible.
Liquids are non-compressible and have constant volume but can change shape.
Liquids are notoriously good lubricants.
Liquids are one kind of fluid, gases are another.
Liquids are one of the three chemical phase states that matter is found in.
Liquids are one state of matter.
Liquids are poor conductors of heat.
Liquids are practically non-compressible because the molecules are already close together.
Liquids are prepared in a highly automated process in stainless steel vessels.
Liquids are present in the tanks as supernatant and interstitial liquid.
Liquids are primarily for clean coatings and removing one or two layers of paint.
Liquids are problematic.
Liquids are produced by seminal vesicles.
Liquids are produced by vesicles.
Liquids are relatively incompressible , so the main action of a pump is to transport liquids .
Liquids are relatively incompressible, so the main action of a pump is to transport liquids.
Liquids are similar to both consonants and vowels in how they are made.
Liquids are similar to solids in that the particles touch.
Liquids are sold in liters.
Liquids are substances.
Liquids are tasted and gases are smelled.
Liquids are the state of matter that have definite volume, indefinite shape.
Liquids are therefore more disordered than solids.
Liquids are to be absorbed or neutralized at the site of the spill.
Liquids are too dense, so molecules can get in the way.
Liquids are unable to support heavy structures, so the buildings collapse.
Liquids are used for drinking.
Liquids are useful for feeding plants in containers and hanging baskets.
Liquids are usually the hardest to swallow safely as they slip down quickly.
Liquids are very compressible because there is a lot of empty space between particles.
Liquids are water-like matter, such as seawater and paint.
Liquids are widely available and come in basic colors.
Liquids attract ants.
Liquids become gases.
Liquids become solid by freezing .
Liquids become solid by freezing.
Liquids become vapor.
Liquids become water vapor.
Liquids boil at very, very low temperatures.
Liquids boil, gases expand, and communication is challenging.
Liquids burn at a slower rate than vapors because the exposed surface to the flame is smaller.
Liquids can be drain disposed, as along as there are no hazardous materials in the liquids.
Liquids can be rain water or snow melt that enter soil and carry contaminates from buried wastes.
Liquids can be solutions of solute species dissolved in a solvent, such as sea water.
Liquids can be very expensive.
Liquids can carry sound.
Liquids can display immiscibility .
Liquids can drain back into the tanks, reducing drag-out losses.
Liquids can harm skin and also be absorbed through the skin.
Liquids can include milk, broth, fruit or vegetable juice or liquid supplements.
Liquids can move through pipes that are laid out horizontally.
Liquids can only exist as the 'filling' of a sandwich.
Liquids can only exist for a limited temperature range.
Liquids can only fill the bottom of a container, while gases can fill it entirely.
Liquids can only fill the bottom of the container while gases fill it entirely.
Liquids can pass through the paper.
Liquids can take the shape of their container.
Liquids can vary from broths, to water, to syrups.
Liquids change into gas phases.
Liquids change into phases.
Liquids change shape according to the container, but have constant volumes.
Liquids change shapes.
Liquids combine with flour to form gluten.
Liquids come out of nose.
Liquids conduct heat by BOTH conduction and convection.
Liquids conduct heat.
Liquids conform to the shape of the container in which they are stored.
Liquids consist of small particles that are close together with no regular arrangement.
Liquids consist of substances.
Liquids consist of water.
Liquids consists of atoms or molecules that are connected by intermolecular bonds.
Liquids constitute the most common example of a disordered system.
Liquids contain chemicals.
Liquids contain many more chemicals.
Liquids contain nourishment.
Liquids contain substances.
Liquids contain toxins.
Liquids containing such molecules sometimes behave strangely.
Liquids contribute moistness to the texture and improve the mouthfeel of baked products.
Liquids depend upon preservatives to keep the bacteria dormant while in the bottle.
Liquids descend through the mixture in the furnace.
Liquids diffuse from solutions of higher concentration to solutions of lower concentration.
Liquids diffuse much more slowly than gases.
Liquids dilute the digestive juices and thus interfere with their work.
Liquids disappear then reappear as solids only moments later.
Liquids display elements of both qualities, and both in limited and imperfect ways.
Liquids dissolve body oils on the skin.
Liquids do conduct heat.
Liquids do take the form of their container and so does gas.
Liquids emanate from putrefied bodies.
Liquids exhibit a resistance to flow called viscosity .
Liquids expand and contract too, but there is a lot less change in their volume compared to gases.
Liquids expand and contract with temperature changes.
Liquids expand and contract with temperature.
Liquids expand on heating and contract on cooling.
Liquids expand when heated and they contract when cooled.
Liquids expand when they freeze.
Liquids fall through the esophagus into the stomach by gravity.
Liquids fight forest fires.
Liquids fill the shape of any container they are in.
Liquids flow and always take up the shape of the vessel into which they are poured.
Liquids flow and assume the shape of their container, occupying all available volume.
Liquids flow because there are no strong forces holding their molecules together.
Liquids flow through channels.
Liquids form suspensions.
Liquids freeze when they change to the solid state.
Liquids generally expand when heated, and contract when cooled.
Liquids generally expands more for the same increase in temperature.
Liquids generally take the shape of the container they are in.
Liquids getting onto or into the board can be costly.
Liquids have a defined volume and undefined shape.
Liquids have a definite shape but they do have a definite volume.
Liquids have a definite volume and shape, but solids only have a definite shape.
Liquids have a definite volume but take the shape of their container.
Liquids have a definite volume, but are able to change their shape by flowing.
Liquids have a definite volume, but no definite shape - they take the shape of their container.
Liquids have a definite volume, but take the shape of the container which they occupy.
Liquids have a definite volume, but take the shape of their container.
Liquids have a different kind of molecular relationship.
Liquids have a fixed volume at low pressure and like the solids they are usually hard to compress.
Liquids have a fixed volume but flow to assume the shape of their containers.
Liquids have a fixed volume but no fixed shape.
Liquids have a fixed volume, but the others can expand into the maximum space available.
Liquids have a set volume, but change shape.
Liquids have a specific size or volume , but no particular shape.
Liquids have a variety of uses, as lubricants, solvents, and coolants.
Liquids have an inverse solubility with respect to temperature for gasses.
Liquids have atoms that are spread out a little more.
Liquids have characteristics that fall in between gases and solids.
Liquids have conductivity.
Liquids have considerably higher viscosity's than gases.
Liquids have containers.
Liquids have definite volume, but indefinite shape.
Liquids have definite volume, while solids have both definite shape and definite volume.
Liquids have density too.
Liquids have different densities, too.
Liquids have different densities.
Liquids have flavor.
Liquids have high viscosity.
Liquids have little compressibility .
Liquids have low viscosity.
Liquids have mass.
Liquids have molecules that are loosely bound together.
Liquids have nutrients.
Liquids have properties.
Liquids have quality.
Liquids have size.
Liquids have smell.
Liquids have somewhat weaker interactions between the atoms or molecules.
Liquids have stronger internal cues to both place and manner.
Liquids Have students bring a liquid from home and then have a guessing game in class.
Liquids have surface tension, which leads to wetting.
Liquids have unpleasant smell.
Liquids have use.
Liquids have viscosity.
Liquids have weight and volume.
Liquids have weight.
Liquids heated in a microwave are very hot, even if the container they are heated in is cool.
Liquids help dilute solutions in the blood and help keep the respiratory tract from dehydration.
Liquids help thin mucous secretions.
Liquids help to soften the stool.
Liquids hurt electric equipment.
Liquids look like blood.
Liquids lubricate eyes.
Liquids make bowel movements soft and bulky, so they pass more easily.
Liquids meet solids, interact ecstatically, and vow never to part again.
Liquids move around.
Liquids move to fill the bottom of their container and gases occupy the entire container.
Liquids occupy space.
Liquids only give off vapour as they approach their boiling point.
Liquids pass t hrough valve only when child sips.
Liquids pass through valve only when child sips.
Liquids pass to the cecum as quickly as a few hours after ingestion.
Liquids pool in the mouth while asleep.
Liquids prevent dehydration and keep the body supplied with vital salts and minerals.
Liquids provide an excellent medium for complex and subtle chemical reactions.
Liquids readily miscible in water.
Liquids replace body fluids lost through perspiration caused by fever.
Liquids return to the waste storage pond.
Liquids rise and fall in different areas of the tank.
Liquids ruin electric equipment , so astronauts have to be very careful in space .
Liquids ruin electric equipment, so astronauts have to be very careful in space.
Liquids seek their own level.
Liquids soothe a scratchy throat, and keep postnasal drainage from making a sore throat worse.
Liquids take on the shape of their container.
Liquids take the shape of the container it is in.
Liquids take the shape of the container, and keep their volume.
Liquids take the shape of the container.
Liquids take the shape of their container.
Liquids tend to pool in the mouth during sleep.
Liquids therefore cook much more qickly.
Liquids travel best in plastic containers.
Liquids trigger reaction.
Liquids Try an iced Jamaica, a tea made from hibiscus flowers, or a Tamarindo, from tamarind pulp.
Liquids wash the air and cleanse it of bacteria, microbes, and other unhealthful contaminants.
Liquids weep through the boards while solids remain.
Liquids weep through the boards whole solids remain.
Liquids work best on oily soils and for pretreating soils and stains.
Liquids always boil more readily at lower pressure.
Liquid usually is applied using squeeze pumps with a tube to each row.
Liquids usually descend in three to five seconds, and solids in eight to twenty seconds.
All liquid is absorbed by the oatmeal or oat bran while cooking.
All liquid is to be collected in bottles or carboys.
All liquids are to be autoclaved in deep trays ONLY , to contain possible spills.
All liquids can evaporate but they do so at varying rates.
All liquids display surface tension to some degree.
All liquids have a definite volume given a particular fixed temperature.
All liquids have a vapor pressure.
All liquids have something called vapor pressure.
All liquids move on their own and take the shape of what they are being poured into, unlike solids.
All liquids offer convenience but watch costs.
All liquids pour and flow.
All liquids pour and take the shape of their containers.
All liquids tend to undergo unfavorable changes under severe operating conditions.
All liquids tend to vaporize at atmospheric temperatures, but their rates of vaporization vary.
Any liquid can be a lubricant, and marginal lubrication can be tolerated.
Any liquid can be a lubricant.
Any liquid has a thermal conductivity greater than the corresponding vapor.
Any liquid is fine, even coffee.
Any liquid is fine.
Any liquid removed from the sump is considered a hazardous waste unless proven otherwise.
Every liquid has a little portion of water in it.
Every liquid has a specific boiling temperature.
Many liquids are lighter than water.
Many liquids are toxic if inhaled directly, such as some cleaning substances.
Many liquids are used as solvents , to dissolve other liquids or solids.
Many liquids contain solids.
Most liquids are less viscous at higher temperatures.
Most liquids are more viscous at lower temperatures.
Most liquids are produced by seminal vesicles.
Most liquids are produced by vesicles.
Most liquids attract ants.
Most liquids bead up and run off.
Most liquids become gases.
Most liquids become more dense as they cool.
Most liquids become more dense while solidifying.
Most liquids become vapor.
Most liquids become water vapor.
Most liquids change into gas phases.
Most liquids change into phases.
Most liquids change shapes.
Most liquids consist of substances.
Most liquids consist of water.
Most liquids contain chemicals.
Most liquids contain many more chemicals.
Most liquids contain nourishment.
Most liquids contain substances.
Most liquids contract as they freeze.
Most liquids contract on freezing.
Most liquids dissolve other substances.
Most liquids expand only slightly when heated.
Most liquids flow through channels.
Most liquids freeze by crystallization , formation of crystalline solid from the uniform liquid.
Most liquids have conductivity.
Most liquids have containers.
Most liquids have flavor.
Most liquids have high viscosity.
Most liquids have low viscosity.
Most liquids have mass.
Most liquids have nutrients.
Most liquids have properties.
Most liquids have quality.
Most liquids have size.
Most liquids have unpleasant smell.
Most liquids have viscosity.
Most liquids have weight.
Most liquids look like blood.
Most liquids resist compression, although others can be compressed.
Most liquids used by humans are ither aqueous solutions or oil-based solutions.
Some liquids are also good conductors.
Some liquids are caused by forces.
Some liquids are caused by intermolecular forces.
Some liquids are easier to turn into glass than others, however.
Some liquids are heavier than others.
Some liquids are produced by aphids.
Some liquids are produced by bees.
Some liquids are produced by glands.
Some liquids are produced by kidneys.
Some liquids are produced by livers.
Some liquids are rather high boiling.
Some liquids are very volatile and vaporize easily on contact with air.
Some liquids attract insect pollinators.
Some liquids attract pollinators.
Some liquids become air.
Some liquids burn eyes.
Some liquids can also float on other liquids, forming layers.
Some liquids can flow faster than others.
Some liquids can solidify with a change in temperature, pressure or agitation.
Some liquids cause constipation.
Some liquids cause damage.
Some liquids cause great pain.
Some liquids cause inflammation.
Some liquids cause irritation.
Some liquids cause minor irritation.
Some liquids cause pain.
Some liquids change into gases.
Some liquids come out of anal glands.
Some liquids come out of glands.
Some liquids come out of noses.
Some liquids conduct conductivity.
Some liquids conduct electricity.
Some liquids consist of glucose.
Some liquids consist of secretion.
Some liquids contain acid.
Some liquids contain caffeine.
Some liquids contain chemicals that are a serious toxic hazard.
Some liquids contain concentration.
Some liquids contain digestive juice.
Some liquids contain fructose.
Some liquids contain juice.
Some liquids contain particles.
Some liquids contain proteins.
Some liquids contain salt.
Some liquids contain small particles.
Some liquids contain stomach acid.
Some liquids create life.
Some liquids decrease their viscosity with agitation.
Some liquids derive from mistletoe plants.
Some liquids derive from plants.
Some liquids dissolve substances.
Some liquids drive turbines.
Some liquids enter intestines.
Some liquids enter large intestines.
Some liquids evaporate more quickly than others .
Some liquids evaporate more quickly than others.
Some liquids exist in equilibrium.
Some liquids find in plants.
Some liquids flow through tissue.
Some liquids gain energy.
Some liquids gain enough energy.
Some liquids have acidity.
Some liquids have an index of refraction very close to that of glass.
Some liquids have different levels.
Some liquids have energy.
Some liquids have fishy odor.
Some liquids have high pressure.
Some liquids have high resistance.
Some liquids have high vapor pressure.
Some liquids have indefinite shapes.
Some liquids have levels.
Some liquids have odor.
Some liquids have particles.
Some liquids have pressure.
Some liquids have resistance.
Some liquids have shapes.
Some liquids have vapor pressure.
Some liquids increase energy.
Some liquids irritate skin.
Some liquids kill bugs.
Some liquids kill kudzu bugs.
Some liquids lose heat.
Some liquids make good gravy.
Some liquids make gravy.
Some liquids make up of proteins.
Some liquids offer conveniences.
Some liquids protect fetuses.
Some liquids reduce milk production.
Some liquids reduce production.
Some liquids release ammonia gas.
Some liquids require heat.
Some liquids retain temperature.
Liquidated damages are available in cases where a willful violation of the law is found.
Liquidated damages are damages equal to the amount deemed to be unpaid minimum wages or overtime.
Liquidation value depends on the length of time assumed for liquidation.
Liquidation value places a floor under the value of the business.
Liquidation becomes the only alternative.
Liquidation begins after about a year of losses.
Liquidation continues daily.
Liquidation is a conclusion
Liquidation is a different matter.
Liquidation is a growth industry in the dot-com world.
Liquidation is accomplished by posting a notice on a public bulletin board at the custom house.
Liquidation is similar to bankruptcy.
Liquidation is terminations.
Liquidation is the key here.
Liquidation isa action.
Liquidation means turning property into cash.
Liquidations are complete, efficient, and profitable.
Liquidations are reductions in obligations that result from partial or complete disbursements.
A liquidator is a criminal
A liquidator is a killer
Liquidator now contains biocide which increases shelf life.
Liquidators present a whole different set of opportunities and challenges.
A liquidity crisis is a financial condition
Liquidity crises lead to recessions.
Liquidity ratios are measurements used to calculate the degree of a company's liquidity.
Liquidity ratios provide the companies financial strength.
Liquidity risk includes the inability to manage unplanned decreases or changes in funding sources.
Liquidity risk is likely to decrease owing to deeper and more liquid markets within the euro area.
Liquidity risk is the second important concern.
A liquidity is fungibility
Liquidity allows traders to get their orders filled easily as well as to quickly exit a position.
Liquidity are assets that can be sold and be turned back into money.
Liquidity can be a problem come tax time.
Liquidity can disappear in any market and requires major downward price adjustments.
Liquidity certainly looks tight.
Liquidity comes afterward.
Liquidity constrains, access to credit and pro-poor growth in rural Tanzania.
Liquidity defines markets.
Liquidity depends on the numbers of traders and investors willing to participate in the market.
Liquidity enhances the number of participants in the market and increases pricing efficiency.
Liquidity equals reserves divided by deposits.
Liquidity fails to fuel growth .
Liquidity implies the ability to convert assets into cash in the current period.
Liquidity indicates the ease with which buyers and sellers are able to enter and exit the market.
Liquidity is a key.
Liquidity is a limiting factor to achieving a favorable return on invested assets.
Liquidity is a major concern.
Liquidity is a major problem.
Liquidity is a natural consequence.
Liquidity is a sensitive barometer of month to month operations.
Liquidity is a vulnerable point for Moldovan banks.
Liquidity is About the Number of Traders.
Liquidity is About the Number of Transactions.
Liquidity is all important.
Liquidity is also a major consideration.
Liquidity is also scarce in credit markets.
Liquidity is ample in the system and the credit given to oil companies coming back.
Liquidity is at a record low for many banks.
Liquidity is at normal levels.
Liquidity is available only through listing at major stock exchanges.
Liquidity is clearly a problem in many parts of the bond market.
Liquidity is comfortable in the system and undertone in the market is bullish.
Liquidity is costly.
Liquidity is down to very low levels.
Liquidity is enhanced, improving the bank's ability to compete for superior performing assets.
Liquidity is good for on the run names but is still disjointed in second tier names.
Liquidity is here.
Liquidity is important to investors.
Liquidity is important when trading an option.
Liquidity is in major urban markets.
Liquidity is low at the moment so it is easy to push the rand one way or the other.
Liquidity is nothing without confidence.
Liquidity is one of the main problems facing all junior pubcos.
Liquidity is one of the most important characteristics of a good market.
Liquidity is one.
LIquidity is poor, and on trading range days, the turning points are very spikey.
Liquidity is provided within a reasonable time frame.
Liquidity is required even for the options and futures market, whether it involves money or shares.
Liquidity is synonymous for the tradeability of a security.
Liquidity is the ability to drive transactions and generate revenue.
Liquidity is the culprit.
Liquidity is the ease with which a market can be traded.
Liquidity is the ease with which an asset can be converted into cash.
Liquidity is the goal.
Liquidity is the key determinant of the direction of the stock market.
Liquidity is the key force behind the stock market.
Liquidity is the lifeblood of any financial institution and of any financial market.
Liquidity is the necessary lubricant of a healthy bull market.
Liquidity is the rate at which an asset can be converted to cash.
Liquidity is the speed and ease with which an asset can be converted into cash.
Liquidity is under control with the central bank maintaining a tighter policy.
Liquidity means such funds are in the form of cash or easily converted to cash.
Liquidity measures the ability to pay bills.
Liquidity needs in fourth quarters are high anyway because of the holidays.
Liquidity needs to be managed actively in recipient economies.
Liquidity plays a significant role in determining the structure of an individual investment deal.
Liquidity provides a window on the commercial significance of a commodity.
Liquidity refers to an entity's ability to meet future obligations as they mature.
Liquidity refers to how quick an asset can be converted to cash.
Liquidity refers to the ability of market participants to buy and sell securities.
Liquidity refers to the availability of resources to meet shortterm cash requirements.
Liquidity refers to the availability of stock near the last sale price.
Liquidity refers to the ready availability of securities for trading.
Liquidity reflects an asset's or liability s nearness to cash.
Liquidity reflects an asset's or liability's nearness to cash.
Liquidity remains in ample supply, despite the fact that the price of that liquidity has risen.
Liquidity sell anytime at current fund value sell anytime at current market price.
Liquidity tends to run out.
More liquidity is required, simply because there's a larger economy requiring it.
Liquidmetal alloy feels significantly softer and more solid than titanium or steel.
Liquids Liquids are alike in some properties, e.g. they take the shape of their container.
Liquids Liquids are things like lava, water or acid.
Liquor ads feature images.
Liquor advertising is already a fact of life in print media and on the Internet.
Liquor cabinets fly open.
Liquor license is a permit
Liquor license is license.
Liquor licenses are a concern.
Liquor licenses are hard enough to get.
Liquor licenses are non-transferable.
Liquor licenses are specific to a location and licensee.
Liquor licenses are transferable, and they can be issued to either an individual or a company.
Most liquor licenses are permanent in nature.
A liquor store is a store
Liquor stores are retail stores.
Most liquor stores carry a good selection of bottled beers.
Some liquor stores allow reservations and some allow kegs to be ordered at random.
Liquor boxes with the cardboard partitions are useful for storing items.
Liquor costs less in Mexico, but it also goes down easier.
Liquor flows freely and guests are served dinner.
Liquor flows freely while drugs warp the mind Of our young men and women As parents set blind.
Liquor is alcohol
Liquor is alcohol.
Liquor is alcoholic beverages.
Liquor is broths.
Liquor is liquids.
Liquor is located in bars.
Liquor is located in cabinets.
Liquor is located in fraternity houses.
Liquor isa alcohol.
Liquor tends clear yellow with slight sweet taste.
Liquor tends to lead to dehydration, which in turn increases the coagulability of the blood.
Some liquor contains roots.
Some liquor is poured on a person's grave.
A liquorice is candy
Liquorice is also a popular flavouring agent.
Liquorice is one of a group of plants that have a marked effect upon the endocrine system.
A lira is an unit
Lira sounds more romantic than stodgily fiscal.
Lira throws to first nine times.
LiSAF lasers are particularly well suited to remote sensing applications.
Liscensed contractors oversee work shich is done by volunteers.
Many Lisp environments offer an automatic unintern as an error response option.
Some LISP experience is also desirable.
Lisp function calls currently active.
Lisp functions have the ability to return more than one value as a result.
All lisp functions return a value.
Lisp hackers do it in cars.
Many LISP implementations incorporate a compiler as well as an interpreter.
Lisp macros are a more flexible, uniform and easier to use approach.
Lisp notation is better.
Lisp programs are programs.
Lisp programs can also invoke the command loop.
Lisp programs can look at a variable's default value with default-value .
Lisp programs can reexecute a command by calling eval with the command -history element.
Lisp programs can reexecute a command by calling eval with the command-history element.
Lisp programs can reexecute a command by feeding the corresponding command-history element to eval .
Lisp programs can use default-value to look at a variable's default value.
Lisp programs create garbage by destroying all references to some object in memory.
Lisp programs signal controlled errors rather than simply dumping core.
Lisp programmers do it between the parentheses.
Lisp programmers have to be bound to do it.
Lisp programmers think memory management is too important to be left to the user.
Lisp serialization reads and generates human readable text-file in Lisp format.
Lisp symbols are merely labels for different items.
Lissajous curves have applications in physics, astronomy and other sciences.
Most Lissajous figures illustrated in textbooks are wrong.
Lissajous patterns are fun to produce and nifty to view but they have practical uses, too.
Lissencephaly patients have a severe mental retardation.
List box contains a list of items one or more of which can be selected by clicking on it.
List box displays a list of rows based on a database query.
List box is now a grid with editable fields.
List box sorts entries alphabetically by account name.
List box sorts entries alphabetically by last name.
List box sorts entries alphabetically by site.
List boxes are the first true PM control introduced, in chapter fifteen.
List boxes contain lists of files, styles, colors or other options that can be chosen from.
List boxes display a column of available choices.
List boxes display a list of choices.
List boxes display a list of items and enable users to select one or more items.
List boxes snap to the closest height that accomodates an even number of lines.
All list boxes are now in alphabetic order by last name, first name.
List brokers are companies that specialize in collecting and selling mailing lists.
List brokers can be objective.
List comprehensions are very similar to nested loops.
List fields have a list with the choices created for that list.
Most list houses have their own particular specialty - so it pays to shop around.
List items are assignable at design-time using property pages.
List items can be members of ordered or unordered lists, described below.
List items can be plain text or link references.
List items can be plain. bulleted, or numbered.
List items seem to be treated as inline elements rather than block elements .
List of animal sounds to download, listen and use for free.
List of books is adequate with support.
List of books needs updating but journals listed are still relevant.
List of books read.
List of Books See the current list of our publications.
Lists of browsers are available on the web.
List of changes is here .
List of changes is included in the archive.
List of games View a list of all available games to play at the moment.
List of industries is shown on the right hand side of the page.
List of journals covered is given here .
List of links is organized by category making it easy to use.
Lists of links are by medium, style, country.
List of lists See the page of links , under the family name, for a partial list.
Lists of lists abound.
List of musicians appears along bottom edge.
List of planets array.
List of plants collected in Alaska, ca.
Lists of popes are plentiful.
List of ports use by trojans.
List of songs is available to bookings prior to the function by arrangement.
List of titles is complete.
List of titles is probably incomplete.
List of topics are on pull-down menus.
List of topics includes communication, the social construction of reality and theorists.
List of travelers check numbers.
List price determines the fee.
List price is charged unless the item is out of print.
List price is for reference only.
List price is generally meaningless, so street price is a more realistic comparison price.
List price is provided by book distributor.
List price is under four hundred dollars.
List prices are in Canadian currency .
List prices are shown, please call for discount prices.
List prices are shown, please call for our discount prices.
List prices are subject to change each quarter.
List prices are subject to change without notice.
List prices are subject to change.
List Prices are subject to change.
List prices are the same for online and correspondence courses.
List prices form the foundation for negotiating the final price.
All list prices are for U.S.A. end use only.
All list prices are subject to change without notice.
Any list prices shown are for reference only.
List properties is sorted lists.
List property holds all elements of the list.
List serves provide an ideal opportunity to discuss the latest developments in the law.
List servers are a means of distributing information to a controlled circulation list.
List servers are a wonderful marketing tool.
List servers are now available for classes.
List servers are useful for discussions and particularly ezines.
List servers are very much like any other kind of server that provides services over the internet.
List servers handle the mailing list maintenance, such as the adding and deleting of list members.
List servers maintain a list of email addresses of subscribers.
List servers maintain a list of email addresses to be used for mass emailing.
List servers maintain mailing lists automatically.
List servers work best in an atmosphere of collegiality.
Many list servers are available, running on a variety of operating systems.
Most list servers ignore the subject line of messages.
Most list servers support archiving of the messages by day, week, month or year.
Some list servers are open and anyone can join and send messages.
Some list servers do.
Some list servers enforce size limitations.
Some list servers require the subscription request to come from the person subscribing to the list.
List Types Lists utilizing the list server fall into one of four categories.
List types represent a sequence of values of a single particular type.
A list is a database
List accounts to charge.
List activities the police department does to promote safety.
List aliases that point to a file containing a list of mail addresses.
List allows for an exchange of information on how to care, store and collect film.
List allows multiple selections.
List allows one to see a directory entry using wildcard searches.
List allows only list members access.
List also events, other sites, magazines and news.
List also teaches course-related sessions.
List appears below.
List archive An archive of the list is available .
List are good.
List are partition by land production.
List based filtering is like trying to shovel a sidewalk in the middle of a blizzard.
LIST be and bee The insects, bees, usually travel in groups.
List begin macro.
List begins after a number of other links to topics related to searching.
List below are links to Media related pages with our site.
List below are some examples of how our seasons are scheduled.
List below are some of the key features of the database.
List below are the physician attitudinal barriers.
List below are the titles of the papers presented and corresponding authors.
List below are the topic areas and descriptions of some of the important included Web sites.
List below are two payment policies.
List below includes rock types for each area.
List below is the contact information for local transportation agencies.
List below is the current rate schedule.
List below is the question and their wine term.
List below is various information about the congress.
List can also dynamically grow, too.
List can be empty.
List can be VERY active.
List capabilities that the package requires.
List causes for each simple acid-base disturbance.
List chores that other family members can complete.
List Click the faculty member's name or image to go to their home page.
List contains all independent variables, attributes, and stimuli as well as controls sampling.
List contains books, maps, slide sets, videos, etc.
List contains census and parish register information, as well as details from other sources.
List contains contests sanctioned to date.
List contains full text titles from online subscription databases.
List contains no duplicated elements.
List contains official CD releases.
List contains such information as zoning, permitted uses, cost per sq.
List contains title and source.
List Covers all areas of the hospitality and tourism industries.
List creates a list of all of the member sites in the current ring.
List creates and returns an empty list.
List dates continuously and consistently by month and year-or year only.
List dates for projects that have been completed.
List dates on the right-hand side of the paper.
List Delete the element at the specified position.
List Delete the first instance of an element from the list.
List develop Visitors away many paint out a handkerchief.
List directories briefly.
List directories like other files, rather than listing their contents.
List directories that have been remotely mounted by clients.
List directories verbosely.
List discusses Catholic music and related topics.
List displays all of the files and folders without supplying the size, type, or date modified.
List driven walkthroughs are faster, but less thorough.
List encourages readers to search the list of local bands for concerts and events.
List excludes minor candidates.
List explain the factors that prevent blood clotting.
List extends  java.awt.
List Find an element in the list.
List Find an element, search forward from the beginning of the list.
List footnotes alphabetically by superscript letter on a separate page.
List footnotes below the table, using a, b, c for referencing.
List gives a numbered list of the links from the current document.
List goes here.
List goes on and on.
List grades for a specific studens't assignment.
List has information on upcoming meetings, job listings, and postings by list members.
List has names, breeding, and descriptions, no pix.
List has number, name, age, term of imprisonment, expired.
List has succinct annotations helping the user to pick and choose most relevant sites.
List has trouble recognizing blue and purple, red and green, and gray and pink.
List have all of the convenience of telephone communication with none of the annoyances.
List here domain names.
List importing can be time consuming.
List includes a description and contact information .
List includes a description and contact information.
List includes all links to stations with websites.
List includes almanacs, dictionaries, encyclopedias, and more.
List includes article name requested followed by number of pages that references it.
List includes both incorporated cities and unincorporated communities within county jurisdictions.
List includes both river and sea kayaks.
List includes Brooklyn names.
List includes connection number, host address, and name.
List includes databases, institutions, laboratories, accelerators, and experiments.
List includes distribution center alignment to store locations.
List includes dry land and mentions a farm.
List includes email and website links where available.
List includes file sizes and descriptions.
List includes info on nutrition, safety, vegetarian eating, vitamins, and many more.
List includes inventors, scholars, writers and more, including biographies and photographs.
List includes Italian, English and multilingual sites.
List includes land grown with fodder.
List includes links to historical research sites, critique services, author pages, and reviews.
List includes links to online versions of the newspapers if available.
List includes many on-line job applications from local employers.
List includes member tax attorneys, accountants, property managers, and developers.
List includes minors, specializtions and preprofessional programs.
List includes move-in specials, pictures, floorplans and maps.
List includes name, address, and phone numbers.
List includes name, address, e-mail, and phone and fax numbers.
List includes name, location and employment.
List includes names of all alumni.
List includes names, addresses and phone numbers.
List includes no turkey.
List includes only copper cash coins.
List includes our network hospitals.
List includes planting and pruning information.
List includes PNPs, office-based nurses, and hospital nurses.
List includes popular, educational, and research links.
List includes protos and vaporware.
List includes recommended suppliers of biodiesel compatible equipment from generators to tractors.
List includes several online-only publications.
List includes software and hardware.
List includes some Mexican labor officials.
List includes students in pharmacy school available by year of graduation.
List includes the country the stamp was issued in, and the name of the bat pictured.
List includes the ISBN number with a brief annotation about the book.
List includes the required courses for each degree.
List includes vintage USA and European radio, TV, audiophile, antique, and industrial types.
List includes volleyball, basketball, and softball.
List includes, watch, clock, and musicbox specialists.
List indicates the quality of service available.
List is a comma-separated list consisting of one or more of send , reply , or forward .
List is a field in which there are items separated by commas.
List is a ground list of numbers.
List is a linked list for each server to keep track reachable users.
List is a list of atoms, integers or floating point numbers.
List is a list of elements that are currently uninstantiated or instantiated to an atom or number.
List is a list of intermixed printer names and job numbers.
List is a list of login names.
List is a simple database.
List is a vector with the indices of the stars selected.
List is a very nice program, and is free.
List is adjusted according to groos national product figures of the day.
List is alphabetical and by country.
List is alphabetical and long but worth visiting.
List is alphabetical by brewery.
List is alphabetical by generic and by trade names.
List is alphabetical by last name.
List is alphabetical by surname or only name.
List is alphabetized and defaults to the first one.
List is alphabetized automatically.
List is alphabetized.
List is already accurate.
List is arranged alphabetically by keyword.
List is arranged alphabetically by name of hotel, lodge, or other property.
List is arranged alphabetically by park name.
List is arranged alphabetically, the annotated version provides some decription of the resource.
List is arranged by course number.
List is arranged by date and is also searchable by program title.
List is arranged by electronic journals, working papers, databases and research tools.
List is arranged by geographic region, then by title of the institution.
List is arranged by state and includes address and phone numbers for all.
List is arranged in order of publication.
List is arranged newest first.
List is at the end of page.
List is attached.
List is available for download in Excel format.
List is available from the coordinator.
List is available online.
List is available.
List is back.
List is below.
List is bigger than anywhere else on the web.
List is broken down into files.
List is broken down state by state.
List is Broken.
List is by name and title at business address, in country sequence.
List is by no means complete.
List is compiled and distributed.
List is cross-referenced to the bands list.
List is current at time of printing.
List is developed by a team of experts.
List is empty or invalid search key.
List is empty.
List is endless.
List is fairly up to date.
List is faxed to recruiting department.
List is for creating a pop-up list of possible choices for a column.
List is for discussion among subscribers.
List is for newspaper librarians.
List is for the free expression of ideas.
List is free, send three stamps to receive free materials.
List is full.
List is German but communications are in English.
List is here also.
List is in alphabetical order .
List is in alphabetical order and they have good descriptions.
List is in alphabetical order by first name.
List is in alphabetical order by language.
List is in alphabetical order by state.
List is in alphabetical order of railway sites all over the world.
List is in alphabetical order.
List is in aphabetical order by last name.
List is in order of occurrence.
List is in reverse date order, so the most recent is at the top.
List is incomplete at present.
List is indexed, annotated, and rated.
List is intended for internal communications purposes only.
List is moderated.
List is neat, complete, well organized and attractive.
List is neat, mostly complete and readable.
List is nonempty.
List is now in the works.
List is now up and running.
List is on paper the magnet holds up.
List is on the bulletin board.
List is on three separate pages.
List is open to all, including interpreters, CODAs and hearing-signers.
List is open to anyone living anywhere.
List is opened and waiting for new applications.
List is ordered by employee name.
List is ordered chronologically, by the airing time of each show.
List is organized alphabetically.
List is organized by absolute height since it includes many different classes of structures .
List is organized by absolute height since it includes many different classes of structures.
List is organized by date, most recent first.
List is organized in order of showing.
List is prepared by jounieh.org and links to hotel websites when available.
List is primarily by name and title, at foreign business address, in country sequence.
List is seeded with decoys to monitor use.
List is slightly different.
List is small enough so that there is no problem.
List is so quiet.
List is sortable a number of ways.
List is sorted by country.
List is sorted by county.
List is sorted by default alphabetically according to list values.
List is sorted by faculty name.
List is sorted by last name.
List is sorted by movie title.
List is sorted by newest votes being listed first.
List is sorted by programs and in alphabetical order.
List is subject to change as individuals are added or removed.
List is subject to change as vehicles are sold during the week.
List is subject to change.
List is subject to revision.
List is the clue word here.
List is the remag arguments into a list to procedure.
List is to list only positive items.
List is truly too long to detail.
List is unmoderated.
List is unsorted.
List is updated approximately monthly.
List is updated as info is received.
List is updated as new networks are launched.
List is updated daily .
List is updated daily.
List is updated monthly and parents can edit to meet their personal values.
List is updated monthly thereafter.
List is updated periodically.
List is updated quarterly.
List is updated regularly.
List is updated several times each year, and hard copies are made available upon request.
List is updated weekly.
List is used to chat, event info and just getting to know other lesbians in our area.
List is very restricted.
List is women and computer scientists only.
List isa database.
List lets a user view a directory.
List lets user to choose between various options.
List lies or untruths about a particular topic.
List likes and dislikes of the card recipient.
LIST lists all current channels.
List Lists the contents of a sequential dataset or of a member of a partitioned dataset.
List Lists the dscreen assigned keys and their actions.
List lists the files matching the displayed filename filter.
List Lists the frame numbers and their deletion status for a list of frames.
LIST lists the program presently in use.
List looks good.
List Make a copy of a list object.
List means to simply jot down in non-sentence form the items that are requested.
List means writing down the name of the concept or factor or characteristic, or topic heading.
List mentions various numbered plots.
List motives that draw people westward.
List objects respond to the message count .
List only includes the most numerous models on each transit system.
List only sequences.
List only works referred to in the text.
List Opens the list of available timeservers to use as a backup.
List participating institutions form all three countries.
List places the currently open call slip in to the built in To Do list.
List positives only.
List premises first, then conclusion.
List prints out a table-formatted list of database row contents.
List processes with session leaders in the sid list.
List Provides contact information for civic and homeowner associations in the county.
List provides daily news updates essential for all activists.
List provides English translation of Latin and Latin abbreviation.
List quotients on the chalkboard and discuss similarities.
List recognizes students who have demonstrated academic excellence in a semester.
List reflects no independent reading.
List resets every week.
List results with the latest articles listed first.
List returns a list of each match.
List serve creates an immediate email community.
List serve forums can be employed to provide common information exchange arenas.
List serve instructions can also be found at that site.
List serve subscribers participate from throughout the world and are from broad backgrounds.
List serve three basic purposes.
List Serve to find out about all our events.
List serves enable people to keep up with the rapid changes in their fields.
List serves, exclusive e-mail list services for members to exchange information and ideas.
List shows birth and death dates, unit served in, and cemetery, if known.
List shows the data in a list window.
List shows the most shortcuts in the least amount of space.
List shows the one, Edit Done List shows the other.
List sit Seventy past no plow under one part.
List skills a successful entrepreneur possesses.
List specimens from the kit as examples of each category.
List starts with Japanese Online shops - the sources for the coolest gadgets on earth.
List stems from smallest to largest in a column.
List steps the administrator needs to perform to share an application.
List templates names that match name.
List Trim the internal list vector to be the same size as the current number of elements.
List updates every hour.
List Use the links to the right to view our individual restaurant pages.
List uses and inadequacies of the scientific method.
List uses for a fifty foot rope and a brick.
List varies from year to year as champions die or are discovered.
List varieties etcetera.
List watches within a price range by entering a low and high price.
List works chronologically.
List works Most importantly, the list is relevant to the product or service being sold.
List worry Visitors out many paint despite a handkerchief.
List writes a list file with the names of the output sequence files.
List wth the other guys.
Lists acts that the board considers to be discreditable for a person using the CPA title.
Lists address information, including country.
Lists aims in order of importance from care of injured through gathering trace evidence.
Lists aims, development, exhibitions, philosophy, funding, volunteers and contact information.
Lists allow email discussions among a group of people.
Lists allow people to communicate with a group of people who have similar interests and concerns.
Lists allow people to share ideas and information.
Lists alphabetically works that include strings by composers of African descent.
Lists also come in two types.
Lists also illuminate our morals and our aspirations.
Lists also offer opportunities to celebrate.
Lists also take two basic forms.
Lists alternate names, activities, strength, area of operation, and external aid.
Lists amounts each member gave to the church in dues and gifts.
Lists appear in issues.
Lists applicants for patents in Australia.
Lists applicants for whom they have permissions.
Lists appropriate documented methodologies.
Lists archival collections and describes repositories across the United States.
Lists are a big factor in their wide-scale coordination of ideas and actions.
Lists are a good communication tool for folks with a common interest.
Lists are a great way to gather material.
Lists are a one-time use only.
Lists are a simple form of map.
Lists are a standard datatype in functional languages.
Lists are a substitute for reporting.
Lists are a way of pinning down a fleeting, sensory experience.
Lists are a way of reaching a group of people by e-mail messages.
Lists are about relative status.
Lists are alphabetical by company name.
Lists are alphabetical by publisher name and categorized by country.
Lists are also a good way to present complex information like a site map.
Lists are also available at General meetings.
Lists are also available at the auxiliaries.
Lists are also available from the Congressional website.
Lists are also available from trade magazines and other publications.
Lists are also available in .pdf format.
Lists are also available in the main guide.
Lists are also available on labels, diskettes or magnetic tape.
Lists are also either moderated or un-moderated.
Lists are also free to active buyers.
Lists are also on file at each of the county libraries and local book stores.
Lists are an effective tool for both easy shopping and customer retention.
Lists are an electronic way to distribute information.
Lists are an excellent way to break up text.
Lists are an exellent way to pull from the knowledge and experience of the entire user base.
Lists are an implicit part of almost all discrete event simulations.
Lists are appropriate whenever three or more related pieces of information are presented.
Lists are attractive and often memorable.
Lists are available alphabetically or by industry group.
Lists are available alphabetically, by subject and by collection.
Lists are available at Private sector accommodation availability lists .
Lists are available at the fire station.
Lists are available by geographic areas as well as various demographics.
Lists are available by state or region.
Lists are available by subject, or geographical region.
Lists are available by title , author , and reading level .
Lists are available for a wide range of policy areas.
Lists are available for each data type.
Lists are available for every county, every state and just about every surname imaginable.
Lists are available for games, seasons, careers, and in some cases by position or year in school.
Lists are available for sale and one-time use and can be broken down by country or state.
Lists are available for sponsorship .
Lists are available for sponsorship.
Lists are available for the past several years.
Lists are available from national youth hostel organisations.
Lists are available in a variety of electronic and printed formats and can be sent via e-mail.
Lists are available in HTML format.
Lists are available in label format or database format.
Lists are available of certified chemistry laboratories and certified microbiolgy laboratories.
Lists are available of iconic , character , and mathematical entities.
Lists are available of iconic, character, and mathematical entities.
Lists are available on all the other sites.
Lists are available on gummed labels or on disk.
Lists are available on request.
Lists are available through the office.
Lists are available upon request.
Lists are available via Internet or by regular mail.
Lists are available.
Lists are basically closed discussions among subscribers.
Lists are big business.
Lists are big, big business.
Lists are block-level tags, containing automatic logical line breaks.
Lists are boring, and deceptive.
Lists are both reports and opinions as listed.
Lists are browsable by name, description and domain.
Lists are changeable, like all other mutable objects.
Lists are completely free of charge, supported by advertising messages at the bottom of posts.
Lists are consistent in format.
Lists are convenient and fast.
Lists are created by computer programs.
Lists are dangerous.
Lists are databases.
Lists are difficult to keep current since the change is so rapid.
Lists are due two weeks before the start of classes.
Lists are easier to see and read in a classroom environment.
Lists are easy to maintain and can be used with any field.
Lists are easy to scan and they help the reader absorb each item one at a time.
Lists are easy to use and a good layout tool.
Lists are easy to use.
Lists are effective because they communicate information quickly, at a glance.
Lists are effective for a given period as determined by each agency.
Lists are either directly from another source or very vague.
Lists are either pre-calculated or returned as a query result.
Lists are especially valuable if they represent ongoing business relationships.
Lists are excellent.
Lists are exciting because they connect people around the world with similar interests and concerns.
Lists are exciting.
Lists are fairly simple.
Lists are flexible structures.
Lists are for a family of four.
Lists are for one time use.
Lists are for one-time direct mail use.
LISTs are forums for online discussions on a variety of topics.
Lists are free of charge.
Lists are fun.
Lists are funny.
Lists are generally available on peel and stick labels or magnetic media.
Lists are generally unmoderated, meaning that all users can freely post what they want to the list.
Lists are geographic.
Lists are good for grouping related items.
Lists are good for keeping track of groups for use in bulk.
Lists are good for one year and can be extended in six-month increments for up to two years.
Lists are good, but lists only work when they can be found.
Lists are highly dynamic, being able to growth and shrink during execution.
Lists are important because they provide a structure to group symbols together.
Lists are in alphabetical order.
Lists are in essence global discussion groups via e-mail.
Lists are in Excel format.
Lists are in general more powerful and easier to use than arrays.
Lists are in preparation now.
Lists are in sections, alphabetically by list name.
Lists are in the resource section.
Lists are intriguing.
Lists are just one vehicle for building a sense of online community.
Lists Are Like Bowls.
Lists are like strings.
Lists are like the rules that the Mount Everest climbers imposed before their climb.
Lists are limited to a single publication format and a single list type.
Lists are linear structures that can be accessed both by position and by stack and queue functions.
Lists are lists.
Lists are located in tables.
Lists are lookup tables.
Lists are message distribution tools.
Lists are more popular simply because spreadsheet formulas are intimidating.
Lists are most easy to read when all the elements are parallel and about the same length.
Lists are much easier to deal with when the members are willing to forgive goofs.
Lists are N-dimensional arrays that are indexed associatively.
Lists are nestable.
Lists are new.
Lists are nothing more than a way to identify a market for products and services.
Lists are objects.
Lists are of basic solutions only.
Lists are of military personnel, property, and reference resources.
Lists are often extremely short.
Lists are on a variety of general topics and industry-specific discussions.
Lists are one of the elements that make up a custom Price page.
Lists are one step on the road to something that's more dimensional.
Lists are one thing, and search engines are another.
Lists are only available for downloading during the current month.
Lists are only updated periodically.
Lists are part of south parks.
Lists are perfect for beginning students because there are no sentence structures to perfect.
Lists are perfectly acceptable and it is probably best to put every item in a list on a new line.
Lists are prepared of individuals in descending order of probability of exhaustion.
Lists are processed on a first come, first serve basis.
Lists are quicker to load, easier to read, and easier to understand.
Lists are relatively easy.
Lists are sortable by show, exhibiting frequency, geography and more.
Lists are s-separator delimited.
Lists are tables which present more specific information on hosts and vulnerabilities.
Lists are the basic data structure.
Lists are the latest thing.
Lists are the least expensive, most effective, most underutilized organizational tools.
Lists are the lifeblood of the direct marketing industry.
Lists are the reason for the season.
Lists are the rule here.
Lists are the simplest of the three data structures and support only the above functionality.
Lists are under the control of one or more list owners.
Lists are unique for each issue, i.e. manifest, permits.
Lists are unmoderated so members are free to open always nwe and interesting discussions.
Lists are useful because they emphasize certain information in regular text.
Lists are useful for allowing the user to select one or more items from a group of items.
Lists are useful for defining structured data objects.
Lists are useful tools, but they only go so far.
Lists are useful.
Lists are user customized.
Lists are usually closed discussions among subscribers.
Lists are usually friendlier and more personal than newsgroups.
Lists are very easy to use.
Lists are very international.
Lists are very simple to make, and can improve the layout of a page dramatically if used correctly.
Lists are very simple to use and can be quickly browsed.
Lists are well spaced and easy to read, and a brief description of each site is provided.
Lists are where folks ask questions, give answers, and generally share information.
Lists are wonderful stimulants for thought and opinion.
Lists are, after all, just recommendations.
Lists arts job opportunities in Louisiana .
Lists ask about endangered ocean.
Lists atoms with B-values .gt.
Lists attributes of a good dispatcher.
Lists become unusable when the same name.
Lists begin with list keyword and end with end list.
Lists Below is a sample list of possible categories.
Lists biker friendly places to eat and sleep.
Lists borrower responsibilities and rights and important telephone numbers.
Lists break up the monotony of paragraph after paragraph of information.
Lists breeds from most to least intelligent Ranking of dogs' intelligence by breed.
Lists bride, groom, parents.
Lists call center jobs throughout Canada.
Lists call sign, frequency, location and sponsor.
Lists campsites, campsite directories, campsite reviews, etc.
Lists can allow either multiple selections or just one selection at a time.
Lists can also be unmoderated or moderated.
Lists can also perform as stacks or fifo's.
Lists can also represent programs.
Lists can as well be orderd.
Lists can be a fun way to do some writing.
Lists can be a good place to fire out a request for help or information and get quick assistance.
Lists can be announcement or discussion, private or public, moderated or unmoderated.
Lists can be created for the entire class - the teacher can decide.
Lists can be either open or restricted.
Lists can be especially valuable to a business if the relationships they represent are ongoing.
Lists can be fun.
Lists can be lightly or highly moderated, depending on the moderator and topic.
Lists can be mixed .
Lists can be of any length and combination.
Lists can be open anywhere from a few days to weeks.
Lists can be open or closed.
Lists can be open to all or closed to all but welcome applicants.
Lists can be open to the public or can be private.
Lists can be open, closed, moderated or even send only.
Lists can be private, limited to a specific membership.
Lists can be private.
Lists can be public or private , open versus closed, moderated or unmoderated .
Lists can be Public or Private Anyone can find out who is subscribed to a public list.
Lists can be public or private, moderated or unmoderated.
Lists can be public or private, open or closed, large or small.
Lists can be public or private, open or closed, moderated or unmoderated.
Lists can be public or private.
Lists can be setup as open, subscriber only, moderated, unmoderated, etc.
Lists can be useful for collaboration among working groups or meeting planners.
Lists can be useful to send a message to everyone in a class.
Lists can be very formal or informal depending on the main topic.
Lists can be very intimidating even for the most experienced diner.
Lists can be very specific.
Lists can contain any type of items, including expressions, function calls, or even sub-lists.
Lists can contain duplicate elements.
Lists can contain members of any type but lists and sets.
Lists can contain objects of different type, including lists.
Lists can contain other lists.
Lists can either be glossary lists or regular lists.
Lists can either block code from specified sites or allow code only from specified sites.
Lists can either grow ten-fold in a week or die in a week by word of mouth.
Lists can get very long.
Lists can help make a page read and look better.
Lists can never be complete or up to date in the quickly changing world of the Internet.
Lists can start with any character except a number.
Lists can then play files in random order or loop itself.
Lists capsule reviews with links to full articles and overall ratings.
Lists caregiver support groups and state and national home-care organizations and associations.
Lists carry the same name as their newsgroups.
Lists cause, distribution, symptoms, and control measures.
Lists choir information in New York area.
Lists clarify and simplify.
Lists classes over any specified size.
Lists Click on any of the following categories to see a complete listing of available species.
Lists come and go to an extent, and wax and wane a bit with time.
Lists come and go, open and close, almost on a daily basis.
Lists come from brokers.
Lists come in many formats compatible with desktop applications.
Lists come in several flavors.
Lists come in three flavors.
Lists come in two forms moderated and unmoderated.
Lists come out once a month.
Lists complete summary of supported languages, switches and options.
Lists consist of tags that identify the list type, and tags that identify each item.
Lists consulates and embassies as well as climate and travel destinations.
Lists consulates located in the region and other regional trade contacts.
Lists contact people and available resources in school districts across the country.
Lists contact people for three publications that advertise job vacancies for free.
Lists contain a sequence of scalar variables indexed by integers starting with zero.
Lists contain contact name, business mailing address, phone, and official title.
Lists contain important variables, information is complete and accurate.
Lists contain information.
Lists contain items and have ways to insert and remove items.
Lists contain some bogus links.
Lists contain substances.
Lists contest pieces and winners through the years.
Lists control mechanisms to be discussed in following slides.
Lists cool sites everywhere.
Lists cost of film.
Lists county governmental information as well.
Lists course topics with schedule links to each lesson.
Lists Create scrollable lists in seconds with no programming.
Lists created with filetbl are always direct lists.
Lists dates upon which daylight time begins and ends at each locality.
Lists default registry key values.
Lists detail for total income and total expenses.
Lists differ by the way they index and categorize links.
Lists differ greatly on number and sequence of families.
Lists differ, though common themes are clearly discernible.
Lists directories in sorted columns.
Lists directories, databases and resource sites on a large number of subjects.
Lists disease specific information alphabetically, subspecialties, publications and institutions.
Lists dispute resolution alternatives.
Lists disregard the unknown and tabulate the known, comfortably familiar and domestic.
Lists distances from one geographic point to another in miles, kilometers and nautical miles.
Lists distributed on the first day of classes include students registered to date.
Lists document long overdue materials and can be useful in collection action.
Lists dojo information, style background, picture gallery and seminars.
Lists draw in the scanning eye.
Lists editable parameters for each effect.
Lists enable a large group of people to exchange messages on a common topic.
Lists error messages and their interpretation, and suggests corrective steps.
Lists establish either sequential or coordinate relationships among ideas or facts.
Lists exist for a wide variety of topics.
Lists exist for hundreds of research and recreational topics.
Lists exist for various interest groups and topics.
Lists facilitate information sharing among groups of people with common interests.
Lists faculty by country, state and school.
Lists faculty, research interests, graduate programs and contact information.
Lists fall into two broad categories, discussion and announcement only.
Lists feature films and specialty children's videos.
Lists features and includes comments and tips for searching.
Lists features necessary for success.
Lists file information and attributes.
Lists file information rather than revision information.
Lists files one screen at a time.
Lists focus either on a broad area of literature or on a single author.
Lists follow colons.
Lists freelance job listings and new paying markets for freelance writers around the world. .
Lists genealogical repositories in Delaware and offers queries exchange and links to other sites.
Lists generate a huge amount of mail traffic.
Lists get very detailed by subject and type of resource.
Lists give death dates.
Lists give information.
Lists give more information.
Lists give name, regiment, company and place of residence at time of enlistment.
Lists give the most recent editions of maps currently available for a variety of scales.
Lists go hand in hand with the use of minimal links.
Lists go out two weeks before the event.
Lists Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Lists go very frequently out of date.
Lists graduate programs in the field.
Lists graduate psychology programs by state and then by school.
Lists graduate school rankings in a wide variety of fields.
Lists graduate vacancies.
Lists grow downward on a page, and can waste valuable real estate on the right side of the page.
Lists has are ask about sea ocean.
Lists has sea.
Lists have (part) items.
Lists have a structural role as well as semantic role.
Lists have been incorporated, in some cases, where few other resources are available.
Lists have many operations that look like string operations, but lists are mutable, unlike strings.
Lists have reliable descriptions.
Lists have rooms, phone numbers and e-mail addresses.
Lists have two interchangeable representations.
Lists help information.
Lists Here are some other people's ideas of what's good out there.
Lists hold Objects of any kind.
Lists include additional details.
Lists include characters.
Lists include details.
Lists include examples.
Lists include few examples.
Lists include information.
Lists include lists.
Lists include options.
Lists include samples.
Lists include types.
Lists include useful information.
Lists include vegetation types.
Lists include women.
Lists includes email addresses and fax numbers set up to accept resumes.
Lists Including how to order pizza, be annoying, and fun things to do in an elevator.
Lists Indicate the number of list items that are in an upcoming list or number the list items.
Lists invite writers to generate information for further examination.
Lists is node table, with multiple sub-nodes for each list, ie.
Lists is treated as an array of unsigned bytes.
Lists jacuzzi and contact information.
Lists job postings on the web site.
Lists kata, class details and links.
Lists keyboard and mouse information.
Lists landscape architecture academic programs with Web pages.
Lists Listed below are a few direct mail list agencies that rent e-mail lists.
Lists mail art exhibitions that are calling for entries.
Lists make it easy for a group of people to have discussions via e-mail.
Lists map and general information.
Lists map and menu.
Lists map and menus.
Lists map, menu and chef information.
Lists map, menu and profile of the chef.
Lists menu and biographies of featured artists.
Lists menu and general information.
Lists menu and map.
Lists menu, e-mail contact and photos of the restaurant.
Lists menu, map and products for sale.
Lists menu, specials and a calendar of events.
Lists menus, calendar of events, history of the inn and photo album.
Lists modem information.
Lists mss. , editions and translations.
Lists mss., editions and translations.
Lists name only in appropriate index page.
Lists name things.
Lists needs, volunteer information and past projects and goals.
Lists objects alphabetically.
Lists objects that have been allocated in each heap, along with the contents of each object.
Lists occur with great frequency in Web documents, and they're easy to create.
Lists offer an opportunity to meet and share with others who have similar interests.
Lists offer the convenience of e-mail and a knowledge base of experts in a specific field.
Lists oils that heal.
Lists organize information.
Lists outpatient clinical services and location details.
Lists plays by author, title and subject.
Lists plays by black playwrights, including plays in anthologies and periodicals.
Lists plays by country and author with description of play and location.
Lists plays by title, playright and subject.
Lists point out restaurants with the best food, outdoor dining, service, views, decor and more.
Lists points at various lists esp.
Lists preceded by each and every take singular verbs.
Lists procedure names as well as equipment words.
Lists processes whose name matches a pattern.
Lists promise simplicity and manageability.
Lists prove useful in organizing text for quick skimming and higher readability.
Lists provide a forum for the exchange of information on a particular subject.
Lists provide contact information.
Lists provide dynamic-sized groups of data but have costly access.
Lists provide information.
Lists provide insight.
Lists provide links to station web sites.
Lists provide more information.
Lists Provides a search engine for general interest discussion lists.
Lists ragtime related publications.
Lists range from forty, thirty, twenty-six, twenty, fifteen, to four, two, and one.
Lists range from small and very specialized to large forums with thousands of subscribers.
Lists range in size from a few subscribers to many thousands.
Lists reel numbers of titles that had been microfilmed when theCD-ROM was produced.
Lists remain on file for two years and are then returned to faculty or discarded.
Lists remain on the site until the list deadline.
Lists report numbers and how to get copies.
Lists reports and links to sites related to democratization and development.
Lists reports on women's human rights, economic capacity, violence against women, and other topics.
Lists represent the same idea through time or different perspectives on an idea.
Lists represents people whom have participated or show an intrest in the club.
Lists resemble talk radio conducted by mail.
Lists resume sites by field or occupation.
Lists resume's for public access in one giant page with out search capabilities.
Lists Returns a message listing the available lists on the list server.
Lists reviews appearing in general interest magazines.
Lists reviews appearing in popular and general interest magazines.
Lists reviews monthly and an archive of book reviews by author, title, subject, or publisher.
Lists risk factors for screwing up - women, young, black, and short of breath.
Lists romances by title, author, subgenre and rating.
Lists See Equity REITs alphabetically and geographically .
Lists See on-line help.
Lists seem to vary in length from ten to one hundred.
Lists serve the same purpose as newsgroups but function differently.
Lists show and stallion sale schedule.
Lists show dates, exhibitor information.
Lists show dates, stallion service auction, directors, membership, links and guest book.
Lists show dates.
Lists show schedules, clinics and other use information.
Lists show skills.
Lists showing how to find litterature is on display on walls of the main library.
Lists shows, bands, instructors, festivals and bluegrass related links.
Lists shows, hotels, lounges, conventions, sports facilities, wedding chapels.
Lists silviculture, activities, services, programs, markets, advances and links.
Lists sites the the web by category geared toward kids and in many cases by kids.
Lists snail mail, email, and web sites for contact purposes.
Lists softball as a hobby . . .
Lists solvent structure and physical parameters like boiling point, thermodynamic values, etc.
Lists sound card and game controller information.
Lists soundtrack and composer information when appropriate.
Lists sources organizations, collections, databases related to the history of medicine.
Lists Specifies the address of an array of name offsets in the display list.
Lists specs from many performance cars.
Lists stand out from the text.
Lists state vital record offices.
Lists store information and photos of many items.
Lists store locations around Australia and provides online ordering.
Lists subdirectories only.
Lists subdivided by job title are also available.
Lists supply names and dates of service.
Lists support groups and cardiac centers according to location.
Lists support groups and hotlines.
Lists support groups and resources.
Lists support groups by disease category.
Lists support groups that are considered inclusive.
Lists surname home pages etc.
Lists survivor benefits for each state.
Lists take some of the awe out of life.
Lists take the place of arrays, stacks and queues.
Lists target heart rates, gives also nutritional information for a prudent diet checklist.
Lists tend to be organized for a specific purpose.
Lists there are five sons and six daughters.
Lists There are many options for listing information.
Lists There are three types of list, unordered, ordered and definition.
Lists There are two basic types of lists.
Lists There are two options for generating listings of people.
Lists There are two types of lists currently supported.
Lists thumbnail facial images of people detected in a viewable on-screen buffer.
Lists trade topics and global sources of trade information.
Lists travel tips for people with diabetes.
Lists typically fail to end with a period.
Lists update once every hour.
Lists uses for recycled oil.
Lists vary in length and content is updated as material is acquired.
Lists vary in length, categories and contents change from time time, so check back now and then.
Lists vary in quality.
Lists volunteer opportunities, offers tools for nonprofit, job information, and salary surveys.
Lists waste access time and memory to make updating easy.
Lists waste one pointer's worth of memory per element.
Lists wastes that contain both hazardous and radioactive material.
Lists welcome, working groups, media, alliance, discussion, links and contact information.
Lists work best when each person on the list engages in the discussion.
Lists work best when intelligent people bring fresh knowledge and ideas to the table.
Lists work differently, however.
Lists works but no criticism.
Lists works by and about an author.
Lists works by writers of Asian descent who have made the United States or Canada their home.
Lists works, interviews, articles, essays, stories, and news.
Lists YMCA professional vacancies nationwide.
List always inspires people to read books that are different from their usual fare.
Lists often develop their own culture.
All list have some topic drift.
All list is in English.
All lists are also possible to view in one long file .
All lists are available as digests.
All lists are available by state.
All lists are available on computer disc.
All lists are available on computer tape, diskettes and in various label formats.
All lists are by direct subscription only.
All lists are constantly up-deted by telephone survey as well as direct mail.
All lists are current as of the date recorded at the top of the list.
All lists are customizable.
All lists are delivered at the time of sale.
All lists are duplicate-free.
All lists are dynamic.
All lists are freely available during their start-up phase.
All lists are highly arbitrary.
All lists are in alphabetical order by title.
All lists are in alphabetical order.
All lists are in no particular order.
All lists are in zip code order unless otherwise specified.
All lists are open for everybody.
All lists are open to anyone.
All lists are open to everyone.
All lists are smooth flowed.
All lists are subject to ongoing modification as information comes to hand.
All lists are unmoderated and free.
All lists are unmoderated, but closed to non-subscribers.
All lists are un-moderated, but subscription is by approval only.
All lists are updated and current.
All lists can have their configuration altered after the list has been set up.
All lists contain decoy names to protect against unauthorized use.
All lists contain extensive links to the other sections for easy navigation.
All lists contain names only.
All lists follow a similar format.
All lists have a topic or purpose.
All lists have limits.
All lists have their archives posted online as well as the current messages.
All lists have to have the same number of elements.
All lists here have searchable and thread indexed archives.
All lists operate independently.
All lists require approval from the staff member's immediate supervisor.
All lists start where they halt, in intention.
All Lists Stop it.
All lists use a combination of paired and unpaired tags.
Any list is an extrapolation and biased by the one reporting.
Any list is inevitably partial.
Any list published in advance is subject to change.
Any list selected by a committee is bound to cause debate.
Any lists welcome.
Every list ends with a closing tag.
Every list gives the user the ability to subscribe or unsubscribe at any time.
Every list has a home.
Every list has a primary owner and can have secondary owners, as well.
Every list has a slightly different way to subscribe.
Every list has an administrator or moderator.
Every list has attributes associated with it which determine how the list operates.
Every list has two addresses.
Every list is arranged in alphabetical order.
Every list is built upon the same criteria and is updated as often as needed.
Every list is compiled of stars sure to yield fantasy gold.
Every list is defined by subscriptions.
Every list is different.
Every list is handled a little differently.
Every list needs someone to stir things up and keep the discussion going.
Every list seems to go through the same cycle.
Every list seems to have common rules of etiquette.
Many lists also have moderators who filter the messages to make sure they are on topic.
Many lists also have web interfaces to their archives.
Many lists also send along information about list etiquette.
Many lists archive their messages.
Many lists are available in digest form.
Many lists are full of duplicate, bad and moved addresses.
Many lists are in the library media center.
Many lists are incomplete and are added to regularly.
Many lists are now available on the web with direct links to the Library catalogue.
Many lists contain names, ages, addresses, occupations and birthplaces of individuals.
Many lists do so automatically upon the first bounce.
Many lists exist where religion and nationality are clearly indicated.
Many lists have a list owner or administrator but remain un-moderated.
Many lists have a strong sense of community and appropriate behavior.
Many lists have a two-step verification process to subscribe.
Many lists have archives of prior messages that enable searching through discussion threads.
Many lists have hundreds and in some cases thousands of subscribers.
Many lists have public archives of old messages and other information.
Many lists have public archives that can be viewed by clicking on the name of the list.
Many Lists have their own homepage.
Many lists keep archives of all previous postings.
Many lists maintain archives of past discussions.
Many lists only allow subscribers to post to the list.
Many lists provide contact names.
Many lists provide posting guidelines in their welcome messages.
Many lists remain productive through repeated mailings.
Many lists require plain text so that all members can read.
Many lists send either a confirmation request or acknowledgement here .
Most lists act as notice boards for conference and job announcements.
Most lists allow anyone to post to the list .
Most lists allow open posting of messages without screening, even when the list is moderated.
Most lists also have a person designated as the list owner, list administrator, or moderator.
Most lists also have various select and sort options.
Most lists appear in issues.
Most lists are closed, allowing only the list owner to add new members.
Most lists are discussion group format, open to anyone who wishes to subscribe.
Most lists are lame.
Most lists are no longer applicable.
Most lists are open and allow anyone to join.
Most lists are open for anyone to join.
Most lists are public in the sense that anyone can join.
Most lists are setup so that only subscribers can post messages to the discussion.
Most lists are unmoderated.
Most lists contain information.
Most lists contain substances.
Most lists develop a particular style.
Most lists give information.
Most lists give more information.
Most lists have a different address for subscribing than for posting messages.
Most lists have a digest version available.
Most lists have posts restricted to members.
Most lists limit the number of bounces an address can cause before it is automatically unsubbed.
Most lists mix in searchable collections and online databases.
Most lists offer a choice of receiving either the normal or digest version of the mailings.
Most lists only let subscribers post messages.
Most lists point the e-mail BACK to the listserv so everyone can see the response.
Most lists provide contact information.
Most lists provide information.
Most lists provide insight.
Most lists provide more information.
Most lists require subscribing before accepting mail.
Most lists send a helpful message out when a student subscribes.
Most lists send instructions on how to unsubscribe with an initial welcoming message.
Most lists send new subscribers welcome messages with list guidelines.
Most lists show skills.
Some list are private and subscribers can only be added by the listowner.
Some list somewhere is in error.
Some lists accept English.
Some lists allows all subscribers to view other subscribers' e-mail addresses or names.
Some lists also ask that announcements be passed via a moderator for review before posting.
Some lists also target specific regions or countries.
Some lists are available as email only, some as web sites only and some are posted both ways.
Some lists are available from more than one site.
Some lists are by topic, some by style, and some are one person or group's all time favorites.
Some lists are closed lists, in which access is restricted to a particular set of users.
Some lists are closed, such as lists which support specific classes.
Some lists are closed.
Some lists are completely moderated and filtered while others allow all communications to be sent.
Some lists are even more exhaustive.
Some lists are fairly open and anyone can join.
Some lists are formal and polite.
Some lists are less than perfect.
Some lists are light-hearted and funny, even when the topic is fairly serious.
Some lists are long and others have only two or three names.
Some lists are long, and some are short.
Some lists are moderated, others arent.
Some lists are moderately active, and others are very active.
Some lists are more active than others and, of course, the quality of discussion varies.
Some lists are more problematic to compile than others.
Some lists are obvious - when they are introduced by bullet points, for example.
Some lists are open for all to subscribe to, other lists have restricted subscriptions.
Some lists are open to anyone.
Some lists are open to mail from anyone.
Some lists are open, and others are restricted to law officers.
Some lists are presented in tables.
Some lists are primarily for announcements only while others maintain regulars discussions.
Some lists are private, and no one else can subscribe.
Some lists are private.
Some lists are subscription lists.
Some lists are topic based, others more general.
Some lists are undated.
Some lists are very active and can generate many messages per day.
Some lists are very active and generate a lot of messages each day.
Some lists are very active and send out a hundred emails every day.
Some lists are very busy, some are indolent.
Some lists are very busy.
Some lists are very comprehensive, some are more selective.
Some lists are very large.
Some lists are very specific while others are more generic.
Some lists are written by teachers.
Some lists can general quite a bit of mail.
Some lists can generate many, many messages.
Some lists can result in subscribers getting a hundred, or more, emails a day.
Some lists choose to use one or the other term.
Some lists come from universities.
Some lists consist of food.
Some lists contain cities.
Some lists contain less than five names.
Some lists contain links to full-text resources and articles.
Some lists contain two or more patterns.
Some lists describe activities.
Some lists deteriorate when too much traffic congests everyone's mailboxes.
Some lists even go so far as to change the mime type so that html content is displayed as text.
Some lists even offer a sample of their content - if they do, ask for it.
Some lists explain principles.
Some lists find it easier to sort posts by exercise instead of by topic.
Some lists focus on the top degree producers among specific minority groups.
Some lists follow conclusions.
Some lists generate an extremely high frequency of e-mails.
Some lists generate hundreds of messages a week, others only a few.
Some lists generate hundreds of messages each day, others generate one or two messages a week.
Some lists generate lots of entries every day.
Some lists generate mountains of mail and can become overwhelming very quickly.
Some lists give examples.
Some lists give insight.
Some lists have a high volume of messages every day.
Some lists have a lot of mail traffic.
Some lists have a lot of mail.
Some lists have a moderator who screens all messages before they are distributed.
Some lists have a scroll-bar on the right side.
Some lists have a special way for the subject line.
Some lists have a third address, for the human being who moderates the list.
Some lists have a vacation option.
Some lists have an Otis.
Some lists have archives of postings made to the list.
Some lists have archives.
Some lists have daily or weekly digests available.
Some lists have digest options where a number of messages are saved up and sent at once.
Some lists have excellent archives on the Web that can be searched and browsed.
Some lists have extremely few messages with only a couple of postings a week or a month.
Some lists have extremely low traffic, while others are overflowing.
Some lists have higher traffic than others.
Some lists have links to the full text of memos.
Some lists have many messages posted every day while others are less prolific.
Some lists have multiple review editors assigned to specific fields or subjects.
Some lists have only a few messages a day, while others generate dozens of messages daily.
Some lists have only a few messages a week, some lists have many messages per day.
Some lists have passwords for special operations.
Some lists have rules about content.
Some lists have search engines , handy for looking by age and interests.
Some lists have several posts a day.
Some lists have students.
Some lists have the capability to search past postings to the list.
Some lists have the reply go to every member.
Some lists have thousands of subscribers and can result in hundreds of email messages a day.
Some lists have three hundred subscribers, others as few as forty or as many as two thousand.
Some lists help babies.
Some lists help clubs.
Some lists help doctors.
Some lists however lack the age of the parents.
Some lists indicate that the unit participated in nearly one hundred separate actions.
Some lists last two years at the request of the hiring department.
Some lists maintain archives , files that contain all the messages posted to the list.
Some lists mix in a great deal of off-topic chatter among the regulars.
Some lists offer a vacation option.
Some lists offer archives of past discussions.
Some lists operate almost entirely without intervention.
Some lists permit only a short Description from the applicant site, as little as thirty characters.
Some lists provide a single address for mail that is to be forwarded to every member of the list.
Some lists provide lists.
Some lists provide summaries.
Some lists reflect reality.
Some lists require the subscriber to confirm that they want to join.
Some lists show causes.
Some lists show effects.
Some lists specifically permit advertising under certain conditions.
Some lists start as an offshoot from another list.
Some lists tend to get more billboards than others.
Some lists tend to take off in different directions.
Some lists try to rise above such petty comparisons.
Some lists use autosubscription addresses.
Some lists use unsubscribe and some use signoff.
Listable objects are isomorphic to finite cardinals.
Listed Accompaniments are suggestions only.
Listed accomplishments are pretty vanilla.
Listed announcements are in no way screened, verified, or authenticated by the publisher.
Listed availability is by state and telephone area code.
Listed businesses agree to receive annual membership update requests via email.
Listed charges are per package and per address in the continental United States only.
Listed city is place of residence.
Listed companies have a lot to explain to their shareholders.
Listed contraindications are relative unless marked as absolute.
Listed contraindications are relative.
Listed dates are estimates which are based on anticipated plans.
Listed dates are subject to change.
Listed dimensions are for minimum interior drawer measurements.
Listed events are subject to change without notice.
Listed events range from lectures to meetings to special events.
Listed fees are for transportation, group gear, and instruction if it is provided.
Listed fees are guidelines only.
Listed groups share news, programs, events, needs and joys.
Listed homes are all self catering and meet rigid standards of comfort and cleanliness.
Listed hours are subject to change, and programs and facilities vary.
Listed hours are subject to change.
Listed individuals can include or remove additional details at any time via our edit facility.
Listed jobs are both federal and private, and the service is free.
Listed journals make at least some full articles available online.
Listed merchants agree to be rated.
Listed price includes shipping and handling within the United States.
Listed price includes software configuration and installation.
Listed prices are average prices from previous sales of similar equipment.
Listed prices are for airmail within the USA and surface mail abroad.
Listed prices are for bulk packaging.
Listed prices are for labor only.
Listed prices are for Web purchase only.
Listed prices are manufacturer's retail prices in U.S. dollars.
Listed prices are minimum bids.
Listed prices are no longer the price at which a house sells.
Listed prices are only suggestive due to the complexity of maintaining such a dynamic webpage.
Listed prices are pre option.
Listed prices are subject to change without notice.
Listed prices are subject to change without prior notification.
Listed prices are subject to change.
Listed prices are to be used for reference only.
Listed prices reflect all discounts.
Listed prices reflect the already applied discount.
Listed prices reflect the discount.
Listed products are for businesses only.
Listed properties are subject to change without notice.
Listed properties can put up Federal government employees and host federally funded conferences.
Listed property is any of the following.
Listed rate is total cost.
Listed rates are for comparison purposes only.
Listed rates are for monocultures only.
Listed rates are subject to change.
Listed requirements are from manufacturer specifications or higher.
Listed requirements are from manufacturer specifications.
Listed sites are available to be seen by the general public.
Listed songs are only few.
Listed songs are very few.
Listed speeds are maximum burstable speed.
Listed uncertainty is the standard deviation of the community means.
Listed values are for the entire dataset.
Listed volumes are volume per breast.
Listed works are in English, French, German and Italian.
Listello borders add a strong architectural statement.
Listener action is solicited on behalf of the wolf.
Listener contributions cover a significant portion of the operating costs.
Listener discretion is advised.
Listener input is invited, though no specific E-mail or fax address is offered.
Most listener interfaces contain more than one method.
Listener participation is important to the show.
Listener resistance is futile.
Listener response is encouraging and increasing all the time.
Listener response is vital in radio and television ministry.
A listener is an observer
Listener call in and talk about the topic of their choice.
Listener calls about compelling topics.
Listener isa observer.
Listener leaves for the four.
Listener leaves for the one.
Listener leaves for the three.
Listener leaves for the two.
Listener prints out all paths as markup.
Listeners adjust their own hearing aids for volume.
Listeners also are sources of communication problems.
Listeners also are welcome to attend.
Listeners also can skip forward, move backward or search for stories by keywords.
Listeners also contribute by requesting songs via WSDS studio request lines.
Listeners also donate gifts.
Listeners also have the option to buy the CDs that carry songs they hear.
Listeners also support the station's presentation of quality entertainment programming .
Listeners apply for listening stations at the Special Collections Desk on the second floor.
Listeners appreciate business support of public radio.
Listeners are active consumers and savvy business leaders who get involved in their communities.
Listeners are adept at extracting target sources from the acoustic mixture reaching the ears.
Listeners are affluent , active consumers , business leaders , and involved in their communities .
Listeners are alerted to philosophies and ideas before such trends hit their children's classrooms.
Listeners are also leaves in a test configuration tree.
Listeners are also welcome to sit around the circle.
Listeners are also welcome.
Listeners are always welcome.
Listeners are confused.
Listeners are find the spontaneity of live programming irresistible.
Listeners are free to call in and ask questions or make comments.
Listeners are free to come and go during the afternoon.
Listeners are free to listen to either channel, or both at the same time.
Listeners are from all walks of life and economic strata.
Listeners are impatient to hear their point of view.
Listeners are just a byproduct of advertisers.
Listeners are loyal to talk radio.
Listeners are more and more conformable pledging on the web.
Listeners are more aural.
Listeners are notorious for leaving the show as soon as the popular song is played.
Listeners are now mainly civilians.
Listeners are objects that support certain interfaces.
Listeners are on the go.
Listeners are passive whimps.
Listeners are pretty tough.
Listeners are prone to hear what they want to hear from a speaker.
Listeners are responsible for locking carrels and returning keys before two hours have elapsed.
Listeners are secondary.
Listeners are the all important factor.
Listeners are the big winners.
Listeners are then responsible for answering questions about the music they heard.
Listeners are use to hearing strict timing generated from computers and sequences.
Listeners are welcome to attend both concerts and masterclasses.
Listeners are welcome to bring a blanket or folding chairs and a picnic dinner.
Listeners are welcome to bring lunches.
Listeners are welcome to bring sack lunches.
Listeners are welcome to call in and express their views on things.
Listeners are welcome too.
Listeners are welcome, too.
Listeners are welcome.
Listeners ask questions on everything from love to money, friendship to family.
Listeners ask some of the dumbest questions.
Listeners associate a company with the program it sponsors and with public radio as a whole.
Listeners attend onsite and via the Internet from around the globe.
Listeners become part of the show.
Listeners become the DJ and request the songs they wish to hear.
Listeners begin to feel like they know the producer personally.
Listeners build their own websites, share knowledge, enjoy free e-mail, and much more.
Listeners buy songs by connecting to retailers.
Listeners call in and vote for the best artist.
Listeners call in for advice about their computer needs.
Listeners call in from across the state to talk LIVE with the coaches.
Listeners call in to our phone bank to pledge their support.
Listeners call in to win prizes.
Listeners call in when they have questions as well as complaints.
Listeners call to make requests and dedications and to sometimes share a romantic story.
Listeners call with Bible questions, conseling needs, and prayer requests.
Listeners calls about compelling topics.
Listeners can also call-in to the show and ask questions and share their favorite travel stories.
Listeners can also contribute in memory of a loved one or friend.
Listeners can also hear conversation about old time and various cultural activities.
Listeners can also rate and give their review of each feed.
Listeners can also replay an archive of the call for up to a month afterwards.
Listeners can archive their music collection and add to it through downloads.
Listeners can be extremely brutal.
Listeners can bow a crystal wine glass and hear their cursor burning in a candle flame.
Listeners can call in and ask questions.
Listeners can call in and join the discussion.
Listeners can call in and make a request and then hear themselves and their song on the way home.
Listeners can call in and participate in the radio shows.
Listeners can call in and receive good advice regarding their automotive problems.
Listeners can call in for advice.
Listeners can call in questions and comments during each three-hour program.
Listeners can call in to make choices of their favourite songs.
Listeners can call in with questions.
Listeners can call the show to talk with the guest.
Listeners can call with questions.
Listeners can choose a version with either explicit or edited lyrics.
Listeners can choose between the home and away broadcast teams.
Listeners can close their eyes and they are suddenly in the rainforest.
Listeners can come up with more words, leaving out essential letters and predicting the results.
Listeners can cope with missing data.
Listeners can create their own channels and personalize their Internet radio.
Listeners can customize their own band with stations from anywhere on the Web.
Listeners can discriminate among major chord positions.
Listeners can download music, for example.
Listeners can download the files, or tune into the various streaming stations running.
Listeners can either download the music or listen to it online.
Listeners can either implement correct interface or extend correct adapter.
Listeners can e-mail requests, propositions, nude pictures, etc. to their favorite jock.
Listeners can enter to win at area businesses during live broadcasts.
Listeners can even communicate with each other while they listen using the chat feature.
Listeners can even send in their requests.
Listeners can expect finger popping, head-nodding, toe tapping swinging original jazz.
Listeners can find online radio broadcasts in a wide variety of places.
Listeners can find rock, blues, jazz, rap, tejano, country and western.
Listeners can find sound, biblical advice for most family and personal problems.
Listeners can follow the presentation, but some grammatical errors and use of slang are evident.
Listeners can get past the introduction of a topic and are offered some real meat.
Listeners can hand pick their lunch time music pleasures.
Listeners can interact with authors and other guests by calling a toll-free telephone number.
Listeners can interact with our hosts and guests via email and via toll-free telephone lines.
Listeners can keep in touch with the programme makers and hold debates on important rural issues.
Listeners can offer constructive direction by their immediate response to the tale.
Listeners can participate by complimenting the tour guide on each room throughout the tour.
Listeners can place song requests for the daily request hour on each station.
Listeners can record and play back their own pronunciation, while matching it to the original tape.
Listeners can request songs by telefax and telephone.
Listeners can select or change their default player here.
Listeners can send their entries every week or just once for that week.
Listeners can settle for the lesser of many evils, or they can stop listening altogether.
Listeners can submit candidate annoyances for consideration.
Listeners can then buy the song or album and upload it to a Web-compatible device.
Listeners can then print the coupons on their PCs for great savings at local businesses.
Listeners can thus record several music CDs onto an MD for more efficient storage.
Listeners can visualize themselves in a similar situation.
Listeners can vote to hear their favourite by phoning in.
Listeners claim the smiles come through on the radio.
Listeners come to be part of that experience.
Listeners come to the on-site location or call in their sports questions to participate in the fun.
Listeners do simply that-listen until everyone has responded.
Listeners eavesdrop on the action, and form their own impressions of how the characters look.
Listeners encounter both familiar and new language patterns through story.
Listeners encourage speakers to express themselves through nonverbal messages, words and phrases.
Listeners enjoy eating burgers, catfish, shrimp, and other menu choices.
Listeners feel their breathing deepening and slowing within moments.
Listeners gain a truer sense of our heritage and learn how to yodel, too.
Listeners gain insights.
Listeners gain little from the presentation.
Listeners gain no new insights.
Listeners get a combination of music and humorous, original commentary.
Listeners get a frozen moment's dressing up of a piece of music.
Listeners get details.
Listeners give oral feedback before they hand the papers to the reader.
Listeners give their opinions to the writer.
Listeners go to the bathroom during a bass solo.
Listeners have (part) arms.
Listeners have (part) body substances.
Listeners have (part) cell membranes.
Listeners have (part) cells.
Listeners have (part) corpi.
Listeners have (part) cytoplasm.
Listeners have (part) heads.
Listeners have (part) human bodies.
Listeners have (part) legs.
Listeners have (part) material bodies.
Listeners have (part) necks.
Listeners have (part) nuclei.
Listeners have (part) personality.
Listeners have (part) plasma membranes.
Listeners have (part) sections.
Listeners have (part) vacuoles.
Listeners have a difficult time processing details on the fly.
Listeners have a flexible job.
Listeners have a tendency to wake up with the station they went to bed with.
Listeners have access to a wide range of material.
Listeners have expectations.
Listeners have illusion.
Listeners have the opportunity to talk to the world's top sports personalities.
Listeners have to hear the pan, or cross.
Listeners have to produce a written assignments.
Listeners have very active roles in signed conversations.
Listeners have very few options, and the quality of sound can vary a great deal, since it's analog.
Listeners hear each critical word of conversation.
Listeners hear influences from the far East and the Eastern Mediterranean.
Listeners hear leading guests, intelligence, humor and energy.
Listeners hear no fewer than five survivors, plus white witnesses.
Listeners hear radio information programs on a special radio called a sideband receiver.
Listeners hear radio information service programs on a special radio called a sideband receiver.
Listeners hear the exact position of front images and pans.
Listeners hear the programs on a special radio called a sideband receiver.
Listeners hear the underlying core sounds without much of a problem.
Listeners hearing nothing turn the radio dial to another station.
Listeners inspire through their reactions to complete the circle.
Listeners interact via e-mail to touch base with electronic networking experts.
Listeners interpret messages according to life experiences, values and opinions.
Listeners is critical.
Listeners know it by the jazz blasting out and the music equipment piled high inside.
Listeners know that what they re hearing is authentic.
Listeners know they are in for fun adventures.
Listeners know what is reasonable to expect from their co-workers.
Listeners know what station they're hearing.
Listeners lap it up, and musicians get ideas, then airplane tickets.
Listeners learn how to analyze their major strengths and weaknesses, values, and long term goals.
Listeners learn to empathize and respect the opinions of others.
Listeners learn to use dozens of specific mantras immediately.
Listeners leave feeling beautiful, refreshed, and challenged.
Listeners listen for events and then send on the event.
Listeners listen that way.
Listeners listen to the radio, and they listen to streams.
Listeners log on to a constantly changing playlist that has been randomly generated.
Listeners looks far more than speakers.
Listeners love the old shows.
Listeners make a substantial contribution.
Listeners meet the leading stars as well as emerging artists.
Listeners never hear any good of themselves.
Listeners offer their comments and questions.
Listeners originally enthralled by the unexpected now demand new work to be just as they expect.
Listeners outgrow pop offerings and simply stop buying CDs.
Listeners participate in message by filling in visual gaps.
Listeners pay attention.
Listeners perceive the consonants in terms of discrete articulatory gestures.
Listeners pick up their phones to praise, criticize, and debate hosts and guests.
Listeners poses real problems and get real answers.
Listeners process the incoming music, parsing it into phrases and focusing the systems attention.
Listeners range from university students to long time community residents.
Listeners receive a program guide in large print, Braille, or cassette.
Listeners receive a steady flow of information on their favorite artists.
Listeners receive free Austrian dinner menus and recipes as well as free souvenir pens.
Listeners recognize any errors to be the result of nervousness or oversight.
Listeners regard the day's topic as a mere suggestion.
Listeners report being transported on a timeless inward journey of searing beauty.
Listeners report hearing a completely different phoneme that is actually a combination of the two.
Listeners require a subcarrier receiver in order to access the signal.
Listeners respond by buying the record.
Listeners respond to the finished product.
Listeners respond with their own hugs.
Listeners ride a roller coaster of feelings from tears to laughter with some goose bumps in between.
Listeners roar and wave hand-held American flags.
Listeners say the station is the only information source they can trust.
Listeners seek out unsigned bands that fit the format and non-copywrited material for the station.
Listeners seek to humanize the 'enemy'.
Listeners seem to be fascinated by their possibilities.
Listeners seem to have dispersed among many stations.
Listeners send their questions and wait for a status notification.
Listeners share their travel expertise through the website.
Listeners simply travel at the posted speed limit and turn the cassettes on and off when prompted.
Listeners simply wind the unit's built-in handle and the radio plays.
Listeners sit inside on hay bales or church pews, or outside on the grass.
Listeners sit inside the instrument in recliner chairs.
Listeners somehow trust that the public mission still comes first.
Listeners stand in the center of the circle to hear the sounds.
Listeners submit to whoever is teaching or giving a prophecy.
Listeners tend to find their own monkey here.
Listeners tend to opt in and out depending on the programme schedule - available on request.
Listeners tend to reject any message that contradicts their beliefs and assumptions.
Listeners tend to see and hear what they want to see and hear.
Listeners then call up and try to guess which song it is and who sings it.
Listeners think they're lucky too.
Listeners thus know nothing about why their station has changed.
Listeners try to unscramble the word, identify the town and win a prize.
Listeners turn to Flanders for intrepid coverage of underreported stories at home and abroad.
Listeners understandably come to believe that there is far less news than meets the ear.
Listeners use our on-air phones to play instruments or tapes, sing, dance, rant, rave, or just talk.
Listeners use portable receivers and lightweight headphones to hear.
Listeners vote on their favorite songs, which are played out in decreasing number of votes.
Listeners wait outside, discussing issues.
Listeners work alone.
Listeners always ask.
Listeners often bring food and offer a donation.
Listeners often do a bad job of listening.
Listeners often remark that our advance playlists are nice to have handy while the show is airing.
Listeners often say they readily identify with the conflicts and concerns expressed in the songs.
Listeners usually bring lawn chairs to enjoy the music and visit with each other.
Listeners usually divide equally in preferring one to the other.
Listeners usually love music and singing and reciting rhymes and songs.
All listeners are naturally welcome.
All listeners are potential customers.
All listeners consider the question.
All listeners receive the same message.
Any listener can quickly find ways to avoid the truncated performances.
Any listener can veto the event, thereby preventing the change.
Many listeners also attend the sessions for the music and conversations.
Many listeners also report peak experiences of a transcendental nature.
Many listeners also surf the web while they listen.
Many listeners anticipate what the speaker is going to say and stop listening.
Many listeners believe it does.
Many listeners contribute money to keep their stations on the air.
Many listeners describe it as their favorite car tape.
Many listeners remain viscerally angry over host and program changes that began four years ago.
Many listeners report a cleaner, more effortless sound with increased detail and focus.
Many listeners request more broadcasting time.
Many listeners request multiple copies of the companion tracts and booklets, to share with others.
Most listeners also say that the sound is comparable to that of a typical stereo.
Most listeners are college-educated.
Most listeners are content to enjoy such degradations in the privacy of their imaginations.
Most listeners are content with only an initial or occasional adjustment.
Most listeners are much more forgiving of response variations when listening to music.
Most listeners believe that the quality of radio news is on the rise.
Most listeners get details.
Most listeners have full-time jobs and families to support.
Most listeners have illusion.
Most listeners live on a low, fixed income.
Most listeners use a combination of both approaches.
Some listeners are like rich soil, and the message takes root in their heart.
Some listeners are so devoted they rearrange their schedules to hear it.
Some listeners claim that by reversing the song, a hidden Satanic message is revealed.
Some listeners come and go.
Some listeners describe it as romantic.
Some listeners even record their own writings on cassette, which the station plays n the air.
Some listeners hear a French influence.
Some listeners let their minds wander and then turn their attention back to the conversation.
Some listeners offer health tips.
Some listeners offer tips.
Some listeners push buttons.
Some listeners push stop buttons.
Some listeners seek atmospheres.
Some listeners share references.
Some listeners squirm in their seats, seemingly anxious to get on with the day's deals.
Some listeners stumble over the gospel as unacceptable.
Listening skills are a component of both language arts and music.
Listening skills are among the most overlooked at work.
Listening skills are critical and verbal communications essential for a coach.
Listening skills are critical to a successful interview.
Listening skills are different from reading skills because speech is different from writing.
Listening skills are especially important as they underpin a new style of leadership.
Listening skills are essential for human resources specialists.
Listening skills are essential in an interview.
Listening skills are essential to a supervisor conducting a meeting.
Listening skills are imperative to a successful interview.
Listening skills are imperative.
Listening skills are important in high context cultures.
Listening skills are key to effective partnering.
Listening skills are much more important.
Listening skills are paramount in today's business world.
Listening skills are very important here.
Listening skills are vital to everyone.
Listening skills do help spelling.
Listening skills help people understand what others think and feel.
Listening skills improve at about the same time.
Listening skills improve with practice.
Listening skills show respect to the speaker.
Listening stations address the concerns about in-store play.
Listening stations allow customers the opportunity to sample music before making a purchase.
Listening stations are also available in the library.
Listening stations are available for audio cassettes.
Listening stations are available for audio materials.
Listening stations are available for in-house use.
Listening stations are available for sampling all titles.
Listening stations are available in the library.
Listening stations are plentiful and comfortable.
Listening stations offers students CDs that they can listen to improve their listening .
Listening stations offers students CDs that they can listen to improve their listening.
All listening stations are welcome to check-in.
A lister is an assessor
Lister plays pool with planets.
Listers are now able to make their own changes in their individual listings on the site.
Listers are rivers.
Many listers subscribe to both.
Most listers are willing to examine their work and make changes when they make a mistake.
Listeria control is a perfect example.
Listeria infection can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women.
Listeria infection can also cause miscarriages in pregnant women.
Listeria infection can also cause miscarriages.
Listeria infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirth among pregnant women.
Listeria infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women.
Listeria infections are rare, but they are extremely dangerous.
Listeria infections are reportable in the State of Idaho.
A listeria is a bacteria
Listeria also infects domestic and wild animals, livestock and fowl.
Listeria are bacteria often found in soil and water, which can cause serious illness.
Listeria binds to receptors on the cell surface, and is phagocytosed.
Listeria can also cause abortion, diarrhea and speticemia.
Listeria can also cause miscarriages or stillbirths, even if the expectant mother feels no symptoms.
Listeria can also cause serious flu-like symptoms in healthy individuals.
Listeria can also contaminate other foods.
Listeria can also grow on soft cheeses during their ripening period.
Listeria can also trigger miscarriages and stillbirths.
Listeria Can Be Deadly.
Listeria can be present in raw milk and soft cheese products or raw vegetables.
Listeria can become airborne.
Listeria can cause fever, abdominal cramps, bloodstream infection, meningitis, and stillbirths.
Listeria can cause fever, headaches, nausea and neck stiffness.
Listeria can cause fever, severe headaches, stiffness, nausea and diarrhea.
Listeria can cause fever, severe headaches, stiffness, nausea, and diarrhea.
Listeria can cause high fever, nausea, stiff necks and miscarriages in pregnant women.
Listeria can cause meningitis and stillbirths.
Listeria can cause problems for pregnant women, children and the elderly.
Listeria can contaminate other food through spills in the refrigerator.
Listeria can contaminate raw vegetables and poorly preserved processed foods.
Listeria can grow and multiply at low temperatures.
Listeria can grow at refrigeration temperatures.
Listeria can grow even in refrigerated foods.
Listeria can grow slowly at refrigerated temperatures.
Listeria can multiply slowly in refrigerated foods.
Listeria can spread from one surface to another.
Listeria eventually resides in the central nervous system casing inflammations and tissue damage.
Listeria exhibits a peculiar tumbling motility.
Listeria fleischmannii sp.
Listeria grow inside phagocytes and proliferate within macrophages.
Listeria has an interesting intracellular lifecycle.
Listeria is a bacteria particularly dangerous to pregnant women, their fetuses and newborns.
Listeria is a common bacteria and is very difficult to eliminate.
Listeria is a common organism found in nature.
Listeria is a gram negative bacterium that is present in soil.
Listeria is a hardy bacteria with lots of opportunities to spread.
Listeria is a rare but important cause of human illness in the United States.
Listeria is a serious flu-like illness.
Listeria is a type of bacteria that can contaminate food.
Listeria is a type of food poisoning that can cause miscarriage, premature labour and stillbirth.
Listeria is acquired by ingestion of contaminated food products.
Listeria is also a human pathogen.
Listeria is an organism that is able to reproduce at refrigeration temperatures.
Listeria is caused by bacteria found in soil, water and plant matter.
Listeria is commonly present in soil, vegetation and sewage.
Listeria is everywhere.
Listeria is found in soil and can contaminate food such as vegetables, meat chicken and milk.
Listeria is found in soil and water.
Listeria is found throughout nature, in animals, plants, water, and soil.
Listeria is killed by cooking and pasteurization.
Listeria is killed by cooking, but it can grow and multiply in refrigerators.
Listeria is killed by pasteurization and by thoroughly cooking raw food from animal sources.
Listeria is one of the most dangerous foodborne pathogens.
Listeria is only dangerous to pregnant women, their babies and people with a lowered immune system.
Listeria is out of control.
Listeria is particularly dangerous for pregnant women and people with reduced immunity to infection.
Listeria is well controlled in American food products.
Listeria recalls continue to be in the news.
Listeria regularly turns up in a number of foodstuffs, each time prompting a recall.
Listeria tends to flourish in hidden places.
Listeria uses the cellular machinery to move around inside the host cell.
Listerias are bacterial infection.
Listerias are species.
Listerial encephalitis is almost solely a disease of adult animals.
Listeriosis outbreak begins in Tennessee, Ohio, New York and Connecticut.
A listeriosis is an infectious disease
Listeriosis can be fatal, especially in certain high-risk groups.
Listeriosis can cause high fever, severe headache, neck stiffness and nausea.
Listeriosis can cause high fever, severe headache, neck stiffness, and nausea.
Listeriosis can cause high fever, severe headaches, neck stiffness, and nausea.
Listeriosis can cause miscarriages and severe illness or even death in newborns.
Listeriosis can cause mothers in the first three months of pregnancy to miscarry.
Listeriosis can cause spontaneous abortions and stillbirths.
Listeriosis causes flu-like symptoms, such as fever and chills.
Listeriosis is common in ruminants, pigs, dogs, and cats, some wild animals, and humans.
Listeriosis is the infection caused by eating or drinking a product contaminated with Listeria.
Listeriosis is uncommon in healthy people.
Listeriosis produces flulike symptoms, such as fever and chills.
Listeriosis -Submit brain sample and indicate Listeria is suspected.
Listeriosises are diseases.
Listeriosises are infectious diseases.
Listeriosis often involves many organs with microabscesses or granulomas.
Listeriosis often results in fatal meningitis or encephalitis .
Listing agreements are usually for a specified period of time.
Listing requirements are a particular concern.
Listing rules are available at no charge from our website .
Listing also guarantees the public an opportunity to participate in cleanup decisions.
Listing also includes links to other societies and resource on medieval studies.
Listing also works great when getting ready to plan and pack for the trip.
Listing are available below.
Listing are by location, with the USA first, followed by other countries.
Listing are by state with region of state indicated for individuals, and date of posting.
Listing are fee.
Listing are free of charge.
Listing are free.
Listing are organizations.
Listing are registerings.
Listing begins in the hours after payment or payment confirmation.
Listing can be time-consuming and inconvenient.
Listing can include curriculum vitae, photo, website link, and practice information.
Listing can make information more accessible.
Listing comes with no guarantees, promises, recommendations or endorsements.
Listing Compiled below is a listing of scholarships with offered by respective organizations.
Listing describe the material, quantity and form available and indicate the geographic location.
Listing expires one year after date of appearance.
Listing Fill out the form below to register for job listings.
Listing Form a Please complete the following form and submit.
Listing helps people to appreciate why such a place is a significant part of Australia's heritage.
Listing here is free.
Listing here is just a courtsey.
Listing here is the memorabilia from some of the biggest games of our time the Super Bowl.
Listing here is voluntary and by request of the therapist.
Listing implies that permission has been granted.
Listing includes addresses and phone numbers as well as toll free health lines.
Listing includes appropriate grade levels and sources.
Listing includes books, articles, audiovisual resources, and national conferences.
Listing includes branch of the military, years served and highest rank achieved.
Listing includes brief specifications, prices, and pictures.
Listing includes charter dates, mergers, closings, etc.
Listing includes colleges, universities and research institutions across the world.
Listing includes column name data type, lenght, precision, scale, and nullability.
Listing includes company information, contact and products and services.
Listing includes complete rosters of companies.
Listing includes course name, dates, times, location, fees, and course number.
Listing includes description of organization and services.
Listing includes detailed service and occupancy information, searchable by referral system users.
Listing includes full-text electronic resources, paper and microform holdings.
Listing includes general sites of interest as well.
Listing includes good descriptions of each book as well as the suggested age range.
Listing includes name, phone, email, town, and brief description of services.
Listing includes new hot tub all on large tree covered lot and creek frontage.
Listing includes some telnet sites.
Listing includes specifications, location, price, and contact information.
Listing indicates a species is in trouble.
Listing indicates sound bytes with strong language.
Listing is added immediately.
Listing is added in about three days.
Listing is alphabetical by author, then by title.
Listing is alphabetical by author.
Listing is alphabetical by last name and the file is updated daily.
Listing is alphabetical by lastname.
Listing is alphabetical by surname.
Listing is alphabetical by topic then by article title.
Listing is alphabetical.
Listing is alphabetically, geographically, and by industry.
Listing is always free.
Listing is an informal and no-fee facility for advising of new or previously unrecorded tartans.
Listing is arranged venue, location, and further details.
Listing is available immediately.
Listing is available to official event sponsors only.
Listing is based on scientific and commercial data only.
Listing is based on scientific and commercial data.
Listing is based on scientific and economic data.
Listing is based on scientific and trade-related data.
Listing is based on scientific data only.
Listing is based on scientific data, although a public review and commentary is authorized.
Listing is based on the best available scientific and commercial information.
Listing is based solely on scientific data.
Listing is by alphabetical order.
Listing is by class year, and by surname, in alphabetical order.
Listing is by company.
Listing is by continent then by country.
Listing is by current generic combination.
Listing is by geographical area.
Listing is by proper name only.
Listing is by province and then by diocese.
Listing is by reserve name or agency name.
Listing is by sizes with a full selection of standard disks for each size.
Listing is carried for life.
Listing is carried in perpetuity.
Listing is chronological by date of author's birth.
Listing is condensed due to large number of models covered.
Listing is criticized by many bird watchers.
Listing is deleted because too long.
Listing is displayed in a fixed font.
Listing is done without concern for spelling, punctuation, or grammar.
Listing is easy and straightforward.
Listing is easy, to get listed press Join now.
Listing is fairly simple and self-explanatory.
Listing is for current school year.
Listing is for free, but a commission has to be paid for any confirmed booking.
Listing is for Houston division office.
Listing is for information only.
Listing is for information purposes only.
Listing is for ordering additional accessories, if desired.
Listing is free .
Listing is free and password protected.
Listing is free and without obligation.
Listing is free for professionals and referral service is free to the public.
Listing is free for professionals and to the public.
Listing is free for six months.
Listing is free for the first listing.
Listing is free of all charges.
Listing is free of charge.
Listing is free right now.
Listing is free to all museums.
Listing is free, and can include curriculum vitae, website link, and practice information.
Listing is free, but additional display options can be purchased.
Listing is free, other benefits are at nominal charge.
Listing is free.
Listing is from left to right, beginning with the farthest point from the barn.
Listing is how they are South to North.
Listing is in alphabetical order by city.
Listing is in alphabetical order by last name.
Listing is in alphabetical order.
Listing is in chronological order of initial publication.
Listing is incomplete.
Listing is limited to current and past tables of contents.
Listing is now half price.
Listing is numerical by unit.
Listing is on the basis of scientific and commercial data.
Listing is open to all.
Listing is particularly useful in developing comparisons or arguments for a document.
Listing is rangewide.
Listing is recognition of a properties importance in local, regional, or national history.
Listing is shown towards the top of the category page.
Listing is similar to enumeration.
Listing is simple, just see the procedures for employers and employees .
Listing is something that can be very useful when organizing information on a website.
Listing is sorted in alphabetical order by artist's name.
Listing is sorted in key order.
Listing is still visible to all visitors.
Listing is subject to change daily.
Listing is subject to change without notice.
Listing is the best exit.
Listing is the heart of the real estate business.
Listing is the necessary first step for the survival and long-term recovery of wildlife at risk.
Listing is updated weekly.
Listing is used by authors to list details that support the main idea.
Listing is voluntary, but the master list is the source for federal travelers to judge compliance.
Listing locally requires government approval, and large state-owned companies are favoured.
Listing means a vessel tilted to one side by leaking or sloppy ballasting, a very worrisome sign.
Listing offers numerous benefits.
Listing provides contacts, service descriptions, and hours of operations.
Listing provides students a shorthand form for recording many ideas.
Listing provides white space that separates the various conditions.
Listing recognises buildings of exceptional historical, social and cultural interest.
Listing reflects current fees and permits.
Listing reflects current fees.
Listing ridges the soil and brings up firmer subsoil.
Listing shows a simple example of table data that is stored as a list of lists.
Listing shows current rank and the titles previous rank in parenthesis.
Listing starts the moment a business is entered into the database.
Listing starts the process of providing protection.
Listing takes about a week.
Listing takes two to four weeks.
Listing Use the form below to submit an independent shop's information.
Listing Use the scroll bar to move down the list below.
Listings allow generous space for describing amenities.
Listings allow members to review potential candidates by telephone, mail or both.
Listings allow online information queries.
Listings also bring up country-specific travel information.
Listings also come with links to the manufacturer's Web site.
Listings also contain links to station online streams where available.
Listings also feature relevant job information to help people in their job search.
Listings also identify family relationships whenever possible.
Listings also offer an ideal way of bringing in empowerment partners.
Listings also provide addresses and postal codes.
Listings also provide circulation information.
Listings also provide company profiles.
Listings appear in alphabetical order.
Listings appear in chronological order, with newest listings first.
Listings appear in reverse chronological order with the most recent job first.
Listings appear in reverse chronological order, according to the moving date supplied by the office.
Listings appear in summary form, with location, title and posting date.
Listings appear in the order of rating, hits, and then alphabetically.
Listings appear on the most recent page shortly after the listing is submitted.
Listings appear on the site after recommendations from viewers.
Listings appear to include both private and agency-based ads.
Listings are a bit spotty but sometimes yield rare gem.
Listings are a free member service.
Listings are a special talent.
Listings are a tad slim, and biased toward the higher price ranges, but it's worth a look.
Listings are absolutely free.
Listings are according to deadline dates within fields of interest.
Listings are according to food type and location.
Listings are accurate as of publication, but are subject to change.
Listings are active for three months.
Listings are again available on Scrap Happy with the absolutely best deal on the internet.
Listings are alpha- betical by city and include the owner or manager's name.
Listings are alphabetical and include each member's areas of specialty and contact information.
Listings are alphabetical and include visual tours of local neighborhoods.
Listings are alphabetical by author .
Listings are alphabetical by author and give a recommended age level.
Listings are alphabetical by author.
Listings are alphabetical by composer.
Listings are alphabetical by composer's last name.
Listings are alphabetical by country, U.S. state or Canadian province, and city.
Listings are alphabetical by country.
Listings are alphabetical by department.
Listings are alphabetical by film title.
Listings are alphabetical by first name.
Listings are alphabetical by last name.
Listings are alphabetical by state or province.
Listings are alphabetical by state within each region, then alphabetical by city.
Listings are alphabetical by state, or alphabetical by company.
Listings are alphabetical by state.
Listings are alphabetical by store name.
Listings are alphabetical by the groom's name.
Listings are alphabetical bysubject, class, and international listing.
Listings are alphabetical in each category.
Listings are alphabetical or by industry.
Listings are alphabetical with indexes by industry and geographical location.
Listings are alphabetical within chapter.
Listings are alphabetical, by city.
Listings are alphabetical.
Listings are alphabetically by city then alphabetically by company.
Listings are alphanumeric by competitor.
Listings are already available.
Listings are also accessible by company name or geographic area.
Listings are also available for all of the zoos current educational programs and special events.
Listings are also available for Canadian businesses.
Listings are also available for on-campus employment.
Listings are also available for practices and other groups looking to hire additional staff .
Listings are also available in a geographical arrangement.
Listings are also available in advance of newspaper publication.
Listings are also available on the web .
Listings are also available to non-advertisers for a fee.
Listings are also available to subscribers on database software.
Listings are also available.
Listings are also browsable by category, location, or date.
Listings are also by firm and state, plus there's a quick phone reference section for easy access.
Listings are also searchable by field.
Listings are also searchable by keyword.
Listings are also subject to change.
Listings are always current because ads can be added or deleted within minutes.
Listings are always current, showing only items on sale today .
Listings are always current.
Listings are always free for non-profit organizations.
Listings are always free of charge and no favours or inducements are sought or accepted.
Listings are always free.
Listings are arbitrary, vague, and badly alphabetized.
Listings are area specific and current.
Listings are as accurate as possible based on information available.
Listings are as close as the nearest computer.
Listings are at publisher's discretion.
Listings are at SES swimming website or on bulletin board at pool.
Listings are at such a premium now.
Listings are available at no charge.
Listings are available by posting date, geographic location and by job title.
Listings are available for all domestic and non-domestic stations.
Listings are available for both on and off campus scholarships.
Listings are available for other artists as well.
Listings are available for room and apartment vacancies, and a roommate locator service is provided.
Listings are available for the cost of photocopying and postage.
Listings are available for up to seven days in advance.
Listings are available from places as varied as Oslo, London, Bali, Australia, and the West Indies.
Listings are available here .
Listings are available in geographic as well as alphabetical order.
Listings are available in several metropolitan areas.
Listings are available in the office, by mail or fax.
Listings are available in the office.
Listings are available in three sizes.
Listings are available on the website for one year only from the registration date.
Listings are available separately for U.S. and international newspapers.
Listings are available to any company, institution or individual .
Listings are available to be browsed by the public on the Internet.
Listings are available to the rest of the world instantly.
Listings are available to virtually all forms of Websites and content portals.
Listings are available under several categories.
Listings are available.
Listings are average in relevancy, shown as one long easy to scroll page.
Listings are basic, but do contain some detail.
Listings are be age level or alphabetical.
Listings are bilingual, but most links are only in Portuguese.
Listings are both domestic and international.
Listings are both U.S. and international.
Listings are brief and include phone contacts.
Listings are by address, name on permit, project and cost of project, where recorded by community.
Listings are by agency name with number of jobs posted.
Listings are by author, title and recent releases and more.
Listings are by author.
Listings are by category and destinations.
Listings are by category and in order based when received.
Listings are by community and then by business name.
Listings are by company name and include contact person, contact email and Web site if relevant.
Listings are by company name.
Listings are by country and include information on climates and health precautions.
Listings are by country, then company.
Listings are by county, city, and statewide.
Listings are by county, roughly north to south.
Listings are by county.
Listings are by individual country.
Listings are by name, but cross listing by invention is also available.
Listings are by name, council district and geographic area.
Listings are by name, country, and areas of expertise.
Listings are by neighborhood designation.
Listings are by order of the scriptures quoted.
Listings are by region in continental North America.
Listings are by request only.
Listings are by service in order of date of action.
Listings are by state and alphabetical, followed by International members.
Listings are by state and city.
Listings are by state and county, hay type and bale size.
Listings are by state and run north to south.
Listings are by state or Canadian province.
Listings are by state, city and type of community.
Listings are by state, complete with photographs and information on each farm.
Listings are by state, then college, then department, then course.
Listings are by state, then company.
Listings are by state.
Listings are by states.
Listings are by subject area.
Listings are by subject, author, keyword, and systematic heading.
Listings are by subject, locality, vernacular name, scientific name and author.
Listings are by subject, locality, vernacular name, scientific name, and author.
Listings are by subject.
Listings are by surname only.
Listings are by synod and alphabetical.
Listings are by title and category.
Listings are by title, number and subject.
Listings are by topic.
Listings are chronological .
Listings are chronological, by month and date.
Listings are clearly highlighted and there are frequent tips.
Listings are community-based.
Listings are complete with name, address, telephone number and other detailed information.
Listings are completely FREE for local organisations.
Listings are completely free in order to be comprehensive.
Listings are complimentary and can be removed upon request of the listed establishment.
Listings are comprehensive and include spec sheets.
Listings are comprehensive, so make query specific.
Listings are constantly being updated, so check back frequently for new postings.
Listings are cross referenced.
Listings are cross-referenced by maiden name, married name, and any other name changes.
Listings are cross-referenced to related aids in other portions of the chapter.
Listings are determined according to documented attendance figures.
Listings are directly from employers, no agency listings.
Listings are directly from employers.
Listings are down dramatically compared to the prior year.
Listings are due no later than the last day of the month prior to next edition.
Listings are dynamic creatures who evolve through their lifespan.
Listings are easier to find.
Listings are Eastern Coast Time, based on the Philadelphia area.
Listings are easy to input.
Listings are effective on the first of the month.
Listings are especially powerful for lodging properties, realtors, restaurateurs and merchants.
Listings are exclusive for members only.
Listings are extensive and current.
Listings are extensive, although the description is merely factual with few impressive opinions.
Listings are far too sparse.
Listings are few but detailed.
Listings are for a twelve-month period.
Listings are for based on a one-year contract.
Listings are for counseling and counseling related positions only.
Listings are for current subscribers only, one per subscription.
Listings are for entertainment related industry businesses, organizations and individuals only.
Listings are for full-time, regular positions unless noted otherwise.
Listings are for information only.
Listings are for informational purposes only.
Listings are for legitimate exhibitions only.
Listings are for manufacturers, suppliers, wholesalers and retailers.
Listings are for sale by owners.
Listings are for the previous calendar year.
Listings are free .
Listings are free and a great way to network.
Listings are free and all alumni are encouraged to join.
Listings are free and appear in their quarterly newsletter.
Listings are free and are added instantly for local community organizations.
Listings are free and are added instantly for local companies with web sites.
Listings are free and can be arranged through the email address below.
Listings are free and cover all years and models.
Listings are free and everyone is encouraged to join.
Listings are free and include profiles and investment info.
Listings are FREE and include unlimited posting of vacancies.
Listings are free and no membership fee is required.
Listings are free and published on a space-available basis as a service to our readers.
Listings are free and published on a space-available basis as a service to our subscribers.
Listings are free and subject to available space.
Listings are free and subject to editing.
Listings are free as space allows.
Listings are free but can be upgraded from text only listings to premium web pages.
Listings are free but they do appreciate a reciprocal link.
Listings are free -fees are charged only when an item sells.
Listings are free for a limited time only.
Listings are free for all Australian artists and organisations.
Listings are free for antiquarian book shows.
Listings are free for both authors and publishers.
Listings are free for events open to the public.
Listings are free for first-time listings.
Listings are free for members and non-members Please indicate expiration date on all ads.
Listings are free for new incoming CCPM students.
Listings are FREE for non-profit and community organizations.
Listings are free for non-profit organizations.
Listings are free for non-profits.
Listings are free for one-liners.
Listings are free for playwrights.
Listings are free for private individuals.
Listings are FREE for private sellers .
Listings are free for South Fork events and activities that are open to the public.
Listings are free for two-year institutions and high schools.
Listings are free of charge and are updated daily.
Listings are free of charge.
Listings are free so sign up now.
Listings are FREE subject to the terms of acceptance.
Listings are free there, too.
Listings are free to area artists.
Listings are free to individuals.
Listings are free to qualified organizations.
Listings are free to schools and to charities helping children.
Listings are free, and are published on a space-available basis as a service to readers.
Listings are free, as a service to the writers.
Listings are free, but donations are appreciated.
Listings are free, but now require registration for access.
Listings are free, but the publication also contains display advertisements for shows.
Listings are free, for now.
Listings are free, while there are fees for advertising.
Listings are free. .
Listings are free.
Listings are Free.
Listings are frequent and is best seen every two weeks.
Listings are from gay and gay-friendly employees from around the world.
Listings are from telephone directories nation wide.
Listings are from the current day's newspapers.
Listings are geographical and by discipline.
Listings are hard to get, but immensely valuable.
Listings are here.
Listings are highly descriptive and candid.
Listings are in a wide variety of fields and for a wide variety of majors.
Listings are in acres.
Listings are in addition to our regular job listings.
Listings are in alphabetical order according to owner's last name.
Listings are in alphabetical order and are listed here for information purposes.
Listings are in alphabetical order and numbered.
Listings are in alphabetical order by comedian name.
Listings are in alphabetical order by department name.
Listings are in alphabetical order by label.
Listings are in alphabetical order by last name.
Listings are in alphabetical order by site name.
Listings are in alphabetical order by town or city.
Listings are in alphabetical order by tribal name.
Listings are in alphabetical order ignoring definite and indefinite articles in English and German.
Listings are in alphabetical order, searchable by first letter.
Listings are in alphabetical order.
Listings are in approximate alphabetical order.
Listings are in bold.
Listings are in chronological order, most recent postings first.
Listings are in date order for ease of reference.
Listings are in date order.
Listings are in English alphabetical order.
Listings are in French.
Listings are in German but self-explanatory.
Listings are in no specific order.
Listings are in order beginning at North end of each row.
Listings are in order of date of birth of the writer, which is a guess in some cases.
Listings are in reverse chronological order with the most recent notice received listed first.
Listings are in reverse chronological order.
Listings are in reverse date order.
Listings are in reverse time order.
Listings are in the gift of the site owners and their decision is final.
Listings are in the order of partner certification date.
Listings are in the order of receipt of application.
Listings are inalphabetical surname order, male and female listings combined.
Listings are infrequent and is best seen every month.
Listings are keyword searchable, with a photo, vital statistics, and contact information.
Listings are limited, however.
Listings are morally of the highest quality.
Listings are more comprehensive for the bigger, wealthier countries.
Listings are more prominent in privatized mining companies as opposed to other privatized entities.
Listings are most complete for the United Kingdom.
Listings are much harder to come by.
Listings are notices for upcoming events and programs.
Listings are now by county, in alphabetical order.
Listings are numerous.
Listings are obtainable from the newspapers or by telephoning the cinemas.
Listings are on a first come basis.
Listings are on our Home page.
Listings are on the Internet, as well as posted in our office.
Listings are on there for a month at a time.
Listings are online.
Listings are only available for the states, provinces or countries in blue.
Listings are only for practicing lawyers in good standing with their state bar.
Listings are organized by region - there's also agents, holiday rentals and related services.
Listings are per graduating class.
Listings are posted as received, so always check in at least once a day.
Listings are predominantly in Middle Tennessee.
Listings are promised to be updated on the half-hour, most posts are less than a week old.
Listings are purely for the convenience of the visitor.
Listings are regional, national, and international in scope.
Listings are regularly updated with locations and CRNs as available.
Listings are retained for about one month or until filled, whichever comes first.
Listings are retreats.
Listings are scientific name followed by common name.
Listings are searchable by any word in a site's brief description.
Listings are searchable by business name and type.
Listings are searchable by category or location.
Listings are searchable by county and by price and type of property.
Listings are searchable by cuisine, food, and restaurant popularity.
Listings are searchable by location and type of service.
Listings are searchable by location, industry, company, and type of position.
Listings are so numerous that several directories for religion are offered.
Listings are sometimes disappointing but a number lead to homepages.
Listings are sparse but specific.
Listings are sparse, but the content that's included is as good as it gets.
Listings are specific to locations and are subdivided by category.
Listings are still fairly sparse.
Listings are subject to additions and deletions as suggested by members.
Listings are subject to change by event sponsors.
Listings are subject to change or withdrawal without notice.
Listings are subject to change or withdrawal without prior notice.
Listings are subject to change without notice, please contact the promoters for current information.
Listings are subject to change without notice.
Listings are subject to change.
Listings are subject to confirmation, prior sale, and withdrawal at any time prior to notice.
Listings are subject to editing.
Listings are subject to error, omissions, prior sale, change or withdrawal without notice.
Listings are subject to error, ommissions, prior sale, change or withdrawal without notice.
Listings are subject to last minute changes.
Listings are subject to our conditions of use .
Listings are subject to prior sale, price change, correction or withdrawal without notice.
Listings are subject to prior sale, price increase, price decrease or withdrawal from the market.
Listings are subject to the editorial policy of the directory.
Listings are subject to verification before they are added to the database.
Listings are terse in order to maximize use of available server space.
Listings are the key right now.
Listings are the number one reason home buyers go online.
Listings are the text descriptions, graphics and pictures posted on our web site by sellers.
Listings are then renewable annually.
Listings are unofficial and subject to change.
Listings are usually alphabetical.
Listings are usually online in a day or two, sometimes within hours.
Listings are very thorough with well over a hundred listings so far.
Listings are very well organized.
Listings are viewable by category and location, or by specific features.
Listings are voluntary , so the directory is by no means comprehensive.
Listings are voluntary, so the directory is by no means comprehensive.
Listings are well maintained and current.
Listings are worldwide, with an emphasis on British exchanges.
Listings are yearly, and the cost is low.
Listings arrive daily.
Listings automatically expire on midnight of the expiration date.
Listings begin with primitive functions.
Listings below are available on a first-come basis.
Listings can be confidential.
Listings can be for a group, an individual, an event, an online pubication etc.
Listings can be for buying, selling or seeking co-operation offers.
Listings can be in languages other than English.
Listings can be monthly.
Listings can be physical or political entities.
Listings can have up to three features including an email link, web link, and info page.
Listings can include a picture and information about the property.
Listings can include full color pictures.
Listings can include job requirements, responsibilities and benefits.
Listings can remain active for a maximum of one month, and can be deactivated at any time.
Listings can take literally weeks to come up.
Listings change continuously.
Listings change daily .
Listings change daily and many times a bargain just comes out of nowhere.
Listings change daily.
Listings change frequently so check back often.
Listings change frequently.
Listings change weekly.
Listings come complete with contact information and links to band Web sites and e-mail addresses.
Listings come on the market daily.
Listings come with street maps.
Listings consist of descriptions and contact information for each program.
Listings consist of phone numbers, fax numbers, and toll free numbers.
Listings contain a brief abstract, contact information, and a Web address when available.
Listings contain a coloured photograph of each business together with description and price.
Listings contain contact info, stock information and sometimes corporate profiles and reports.
Listings contain individual member contact information and service specialties.
Listings contain information about the property including a picture.
Listings contain key contacts, addresses, phone and fax numbers, e-mail and Web addresses.
Listings contain movie credits and plot summaries.
Listings contain multiple reviews submitted by visitors.
Listings contain name, address, phone number and options to generate maps and driving directions.
Listings contain snail mail addresses as well as email, voice and fax numbers.
Listings contain the type, sponsor and location of the event.
Listings continue below, or back to top of page .
Listings cover a two week period.
Listings cover all types of folk music worldwide.
Listings cover any day that recognizes a cultural event.
Listings cover census, cemetery and other publications available for each township.
Listings cover every major field of study in every region of the world.
Listings cover graduate students for domestic and international study.
Listings cover rural, urban and commercial property.
Listings cover the entire U.S.A. and includes select international camps.
Listings describe in detail location, size, rent and special features.
Listings describe the material, quantity and form available, and indicate geographic location.
Listings describe whether the lumber is purchased green, air dried or kiln dried.
Listings display dynamically as consecutive characters in a name are typed.
Listings do no imply endorsement of services or products.
Listings expire after two weeks.
Listings feature a four-color catalog photo, descriptive copy and contact information.
Listings feature a photo, description, and email contact address.
Listings feature annual sales, company size, ownership structure, Web and email addresses.
Listings feature Arizona hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Australia hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Austria hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature California hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Canada hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Chile hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Colorado hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Egypt hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature England hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Europe hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Finland hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Florida hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Germany hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Greece hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Hawaii hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Hungary hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Illinois hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Ireland hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Italy hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Japan hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Kentucky hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Latin America hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Louisiana hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Maryland hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Middle East hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Morocco hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Netherlands hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature New Mexico hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature New York hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature North America hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Oklahoma hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Pennsylvania hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature People's Republic of China hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature phone contact numbers, website links and a brief summary of website resources.
Listings feature Poland hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Portugal hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Russia hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature South Africa hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature South Korea hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Spain hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Switzerland hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Taiwan hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Tennessee hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Texas hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Turkey hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature United Arab Emirates hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature USA hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings feature Virginia hotels, restaurants and attractions.
Listings Find security-related products and services listed by company name, category or location.
Listings Get out more Find out what's going on the real world.
Listings give access to menus, photographs, coupons and gift certificates.
Listings give addresses and phone numbers and links to web pages if available.
Listings give case, date, time and place.
Listings give comprehensive details, hosts and a photo.
Listings give detailed amenity information for neighborhood.
Listings Gives a list of all courses offered and descriptions of each course.
Listings go online instantly.
Listings have an approximate life cycle of three weeks.
Listings have brief summaries, and visitors are invited to write online reviews.
Listings have descriptive text and photos.
Listings have detailed descriptions with online ordering.
Listings have headers and page numbers.
Listings Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Listings here are absolutely free to qualified authors.
Listings here are also free.
Listings here are entirely free.
Listings here are in a rotating alphabetical sequence .
Listings here are typically limited time, special offers, or discounts.
Listings here have the scanning equipment installed on-site.
Listings here indicate the facility is available from that exit.
Listings includes space for home and work phone numbers, fax numbers and e-mail addresses.
Listings indicate a member's status as certified, or student etc.
Listings indicate offered services at a particular establishment.
Listings indicate ticket prices and age restrictions for each show.
Listings indicate where protocol arrangements have been set up.
Listings indicate whether each company sells retail, wholesale or export.
Listings is alphabetical, based on the last name of the person or first letter of the organization.
Listings link is broken.
Listings look relatively extensive.
Listings Make a selection and enter a city or state.
Listings now have a full description and a button link for each site.
Listings only stay on the web for a certain amount of time.
Listings play an essential role.
Listings post automatically.
Listings provide a brief description of the trial and provide contact information.
Listings provide a photo, basic information, and a link to the Web site.
Listings provide a photo, basic information, and a link to the website.
Listings provide company contact information.
Listings provide comprehensive information on the films and filmmakers.
Listings provide contact information, and an overview of services available.
Listings provide contact information.
Listings provide description, price, and vendor.
Listings provide descriptive and contact information.
Listings provide descriptive information on the status, rooms, amenities, and nearby offerings.
Listings provide detailed information on covered bridges all over the world.
Listings provide sales, number of employees, address and telephone number.
Listings provide sources and tested recipes.
Listings provide street maps.
Listings provide supplier contact information.
Listings range from all kinds of pets to anything under the sun.
Listings range from primitive religions to major religious movements and concepts.
Listings range from tiny cults to major Christian denominations.
Listings range from undeveloped lots to business opportunities or special properties.
Listings reflect specific occupational training courses and general industry related topics.
Listings related to particular types of crime generally belong in other categories, in spanish.
Listings related to particular types of crime generally belong in other categories.
Listings remain active until the property is sold or withdrawn from the market.
Listings remain available for two months, unless otherwise requested.
Listings remain on our list for a month.
Listings remain proprietary, increasingly so as the Web proves their value.
Listings Remember most images are expandable or links to further information.
Listings renew automatically unless notified otherwise two weeks prior to the annual renewal date.
Listings represent an inexpensive aide in selling plants and related materials.
Listings represent information available at the time of the posting.
Listings require completion of a consultants directory listing form.
Listings run for one year upon submission.
Listings run north to south.
Listings seem to mix private and non-profit sectors.
Listings sell even before they hit the market or the same day.
Listings show availability in U.S., Canada, or both.
Listings show composer, artist, instruments, orchestra, conductor, and recording information.
Listings show date, town, name of church and the name of the visiting bishop.
Listings show the linkage of jobs in production.
Listings show up Before any FREE listing.
Listings start here.
Listings stay online for two months.
Listings tell price ranges and requirements.
Listings tend to be Internet based businesses, perhaps suggested by users.
Listings then decides if it is necessary to contact the entity.
Listings vary from high-end loft spaces to raw warehouses to hourly performance space rentals.
Listings worldwide are welcome.
Listings often mention the best time to reach the owner or manager.
Listings usually appear within two weeks of submission.
Listings usually give the soldier's unit, and sometimes the cause of death and exact date.
All listing are alphabetical within the major category.
All listing are free.
All listing are Free.
All listing are now on the site with a downloadable package.
All listing are subject to prior sale or removal without notice.
All listings above are in alphabetical order.
All listings advertise, list or introduce women in Honduras.
All listings appear in the alphabetic index.
All listings appear in the directories and on the Web site.
All listings appear twice.
All listings are alphabetical and annotated.
All listings are alphabetical by state and city.
All listings are alphabetical within area.
All listings are alphabetical.
All listings are always FREE .
All listings are always totally free of charge.
All listings are anonymous and secure.
All listings are as shown.
All listings are at no charge.
All listings are at the discretion of aft .
All listings are at the discretion of the editors.
All listings are available for public viewing.
All listings are available for viewing and direct contact via email by all visitors and members.
All listings are available on a first-come basis.
All listings are available under stand-alone English and French menus.
All listings are by request and are kept as accurate as possible.
All listings are by state and alphabetically by city.
All listings are compact disc format unless noted otherwise.
All listings are completely free and there is no obligation to take a banner ad.
All listings are completely free, but are restricted to medical doctor positions.
All listings are completely free.
All listings are confidential.
All listings are consise and searchable.
All listings are correct at the time of issue.
All listings are current and kept up to date with automatic polling of software data.
All listings are current at the time of printing.
All listings are current.
All listings are custom tailored for every client rather than computer generated.
All listings are database controlled and searchable.
All listings are direct from the owners.
All listings are either freeware, shareware or trialware.
All listings are for Montgomery County, Texas unless otherwise noted.
All listings are for New York state unless specified.
All listings are for nonprofit groups, selected on that basis only.
All listings are for single items only, and all items are subject to prior sale.
All listings are for the calendar year.
All listings are for the current release unless otherwise noted.
All listings are for the first page where a technique is explained.
All listings are for well-located properties in town centres or near tourist attractions.
All listings are FREE and all content is suitable for family viewing.
All listings are free and are subject to our discretion.
All listings are free and free stuff added often.
All listings are FREE for six months.
All listings are free of charge, but subject to the editors approval.
All listings are free of charge.
All listings are FREE of charge.
All listings are FREE right now.
All listings are free to non-commercial entities.
All listings are free.
All listings are from clicktv .
All listings are full concerts unless the occasion or some other note indicates otherwise.
All listings are fully searchable.
All listings are genuine news items, with the original source cited.
All listings are geographical with the exception of the pagan publications section.
All listings are good for one year from date of payment.
All listings are in alphabetical order by state or country.
All listings are in alphabetical order by state.
All listings are in alphabetical order by title.
All listings are in alphabetical order.
All listings are in ascending frequency order to assist band scanning.
All listings are in Eastern Standard Time.
All listings are in our multiple book, call for info.
All listings are in reverse chronological order.
All listings are in Sacramento unless otherwise noted.
All listings are in the alphabetical order in each category.
All listings are independently pre-screened for credits and verified for listing accuracy.
All listings are likewise fictitious.
All listings are net price and subject to prior sale.
All listings are now free.
All listings are now in alphabetical order.
All listings are on the site and available for anyone to see.
All listings are open to the public for browsing.
All listings are peer-reviewed.
All listings are private unless specified as a business.
All listings are public pages.
All listings are resales.
All listings are searchable by category, state, and country.
All listings are searchable by topics, dates, locations, etc., at no cost.
All listings are subject to approval of our moderators.
All listings are subject to approval.
All Listings are subject to approval.
All listings are subject to availability.
All listings are subject to being cancelled or changed without notice.
All listings are subject to change without notice.
All listings are subject to change without prior notice.
All listings are subject to change.
All listings are subject to editing.
All listings are subject to editorial review.
All listings are subject to errors, omissions, or changes in rates and availability without notice.
All Listings are subject to errors, omissions, withdrawals, etc.
All listings are subject to our approval and editing.
All listings are subject to our approval.
All listings are subject to periodic review.
All listings are subject to prior sale or change without notice.
All listings are subject to prior sale, price change or withdrawal.
All listings are subject to prior sale.
All listings are subject to review and approval.
All listings are subject to UK law.
All listings are tentative and subject to change.
All listings are tentative.
All listings are text-browser friendly.
All listings are the property of the agency.
All listings are to be submitted on the appropriate form which can be obtained by fax or e-mail.
All listings are U.S. pressings unless noted otherwise.
All listings are U.S. releases unless noted otherwise.
All Listings are UK originals unless otherwise stated.
All listings are uploaded automatically.
All listings are user rated and reviewed.
All listings are valid for a period of six months under one equipment category.
All listings are vintage and great care has been taken to accurately describe each item.
All listings are vinyl unless indicated otherwise.
All listings are voluntary and submitted by the school or training organization.
All listings are voluntary.
All listings are with the summer services schedule.
All listings are, of course, free of charge.
All listings are, to the best of our knowledge, currently vacant and available.
All listings below are for summaries-only unless otherwise noted.
All listings below are for the half max range.
All listings below are U.S. unless noted.
All listings carry four month minimum.
All listings come with complete reviews and ratings.
All listings come with pictures and prices in Greek drachmas.
All listings contain e-mail addresses, fax numbers and contact names.
All listings contain information on whom to contact.
All listings contain more than one cabin available.
All listings contain the following information.
All listings contain the original, unaltered information supplied by each company.
All listings cover English language only.
All listings have a description of the products and services offered by each company.
All listings have a photograph and description.
All listings have adequate bibliographic information, but only the articles have abstracts.
All listings have an eye toward value.
All listings have contact info, innkeeper names, rates, payment methods.
All listings have contact info, innkeeper names, rates.
All listings have contact information and online forms for customers to contact the listing agent.
All listings have descriptions, rate and contact info.
All listings have detailed description of inn, amenities, rates.
All listings have links to websites and emails.
All listings here are in alphabetical order.
All listings indicate whether unit is accessible.
All listings meet a minimum salary requirement.
All listings provide the name, URL and maintainer of the site, as well as a brief description.
All listings receive a MORE INFO button for further advertising.
All listings receive statewide exposure and marketing.
All listings remain for one month unless otherwise specified.
All listings remain in place for one full year.
All listings remain online for up to six weeks.
All listings require a one year contract.
All listings require the business owners name plus marketing and sales contacts.
All listings run for three months.
All listings run north to south.
All listings show the exchange company membership affiliation last reported.
All Listings sign up for one here. add, modify or delete a listing log on here.
All listings thereafter are in alphabetical order.
Any listing is available in mail label form.
Any listing is for informational purposes only.
Any listings offering more details are chargeable.
Every listing automatically receives a listing number after is is created.
Every listing belongs in a specific category.
Every listing contains company name, address and phone number.
Every listing contains title, synopsis, year produced, run time and current distributor.
Every listing gets market attention.
Every listing has a well written description and most include excellent screen shots.
Every listing has links to more information, such as company contact information.
Every listing includes a review, rating and date when the program was first established.
Every listing includes contact information and a full description.
Every listing is a hyperlinks to open the page or site.
Every listing is dated according to the time the bank listed each property.
Every listing is verified at least once a year to insure that it is up to date.
Every listing is verified by telephone, and re-verified at least once a week.
Every listing provides email and web addresses, where supplied.
Every listing provides e-mail and web addresses, where supplied.
Many listings accept their guest's pet.
Many listings also provide a date marking the last time the celebrity was contacted successfully.
Many listings also provide a date marking the last time the celebrity was successfully contacted.
Many listings are complete with color pictures, room dimensions, etc.
Many listings are hot-linked to appropriate websites.
Many listings are on their own page or pages.
Many listings are shorter, some are much longer.
Many listings contain articles about the performers or vocal technique.
Many listings contain extensive genealogical information.
Many listings contain long paragraphs of essential data.
Many listings contain photos and links to individual hotel web sites.
Many listings contain photos and links to individual hotel Web sites.
Many listings currently lack a correct e-mail address.
Many listings describe what individuals do and what services they have to offer to others.
Many listings feature photos.
Many listings have direct links to individual web sites.
Many listings have direct links to their websites and e-mail addresses.
Many listings have free to low-cost access.
Many listings have ideas of ways to integrate the site activity into the classroom.
Many listings have websites, addresses and contact points.
Many listings link to reviews.
Many listings never see the light of the Internet for weeks, and for that there is no excuse.
Many listings now contain the maiden name of the wife.
Many listings represent specialties.
More listings are available for a fee.
More listings are on the way.
More Listings Find more listings here.
Most listing are big commercial sites.
Most listings also come with brief descriptions that highlight the strong points of the league.
Most listings also have a brief description of the major products they supply.
Most listings appear here by personal request and are quite complete.
Most listings are also available during the summer.
Most listings are for cities in metropolitan areas.
Most listings are for engineering positions in industry.
Most listings are for English language sources.
Most listings are for full-time jobs in the private sector.
Most listings are for new men's athletic shoes The Frugal Cook Culinary equipment up for bid here.
Most listings are for programs leading to the master's degree in library science.
Most listings are for the metro Detroit area.
Most listings are for U.S. companies.
Most listings are free but there are exceptions.
Most listings are free.
Most listings are from independent brokers.
Most listings are hot buttons for more information.
Most listings are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Most listings are in Romania, and include telephone numbers, addresses, and fax numbers.
Most listings are in subcategories.
Most listings are in the United States.
Most listings are links to local chapter vet recommendations.
Most listings are one of a kind in our inventory.
Most listings are unpaid internships for credit.
Most listings contain a small description or keywords that are searchable from the front page.
Most listings contain complete contact information and a link to the advertiser's website.
Most listings contain pictures and floor or plot plans of the properties.
Most listings give extensive information.
Most listings have a link to the provider's home page.
Most listings have an address, telephone, and fax for the sales office and for tours and tastings.
Most listings have application deadlines.
Most listings have brief descriptions, with photos.
Most listings have pictures.
Most listings have several executive names and contacts.
Most listings have some sort of Web presence.
Most listings link to institutions' info on the positions and online applications.
Most listings offer generous detail and photos.
Most listings provide descriptions, discographies, and sound clips.
Most listings require a significant amount of work experience.
Most listings sell co-broke.
Most listings take approximately five working days to complete.
Some listing are for information or announcement only.
Some listings also contain links to related resources about the topic.
Some listings are a couple years old, and updates are appreciated.
Some listings are actually links to categories elsewhere in the directory.
Some listings are also open to undergraduates or to postdocs.
Some listings are as short as a paragraph, others take up a couple of pages.
Some listings are free.
Some listings are from Maryland companies with jobs openings in other states.
Some listings are in several languages.
Some listings are incomplete for various reasons.
Some Listings are incomplete.
Some listings are links to audios of musical excerpts.
Some listings are links to the specific agency's web site.
Some listings are more international than others and some listings focus on positions in industry.
Some listings are now links to a sample page containing the Hoax message.
Some listings are specifically for graduate students.
Some listings come with a map of the property and the surrounding area.
Some listings contain direct links to the lawyers individual websites.
Some listings contain many persons with the same surname, while others contain fewer individuals.
Some listings even have pictures.
Some listings even have virtual imaging home tours.
Some listings even offer panoramic tours of living rooms and kitchens.
Some listings feature a button.
Some listings have a contact name and phone number.
Some listings have accompanying pictures.
Some listings have brief biographies and cause of death.
Some listings have facilities, others have none.
Some listings have full color images.
Some listings have full or partial text.
Some listings have full text links to short reviews.
Some listings have links to more explanatory details about dates etc.
Some listings have links to their homepages.
Some listings have links to virtual tours.
Some listings have more individuals on the top section than on the bottom section.
Some listings have notes at the bottom of the page.
Some listings have only fax or telex numbers, some have phone numbers.
Some listings have photos.
Some listings have pictures.
Some listings have special features in addition to the features contained in the regular listings .
Some listings indicate a range of recommended ages for immunization.
Some listings link to the instructor's on-line course page.
Some listings offer basic tourist facts for a park or monument.
Some listings provide few details about the job being offered.
Some listings provides pictures.
Some listings require experience, others are entry level, and some even offer training.
Lists servers are capable of performing such a function far more efficiently.
Lists Structures are one way to represent compound information.
ListServant tasks are simple and easily learned, and it only takes a few minutes per day.
Listserve instructions are available here .
Any listserve member can post a message to the group.
Listserve software automates the process of sending out a message to many people at once.
A lit is a literary study
LIT begins with two days of team building and learning about our bicycles.
Lit offers web site development, design and management.
LITs also serve in the community year-round.
LITA volunteers find their time spent visiting is most rewarding.
LITA volunteers visit with the hospital or home where their friend resides.
Litani rivers encompass a disputed border area.
A litany is a speech
Litanies are an ancient form of prayer stemming from Jewish tradition.
Litanies are prayers of life and love.
Lite version disables all ligatures during saving.
Lite version is cheaper but featureless.
Lite version is free .
Lite version is free for educational use.
Lite version is free, but covers fewer math topics.
Lite version is free, no timed collapse.
Lite version is free.
Lite version is Free.
Lite version is planned to be updated soon too.
Lite version is the default setting.
Lite versions bundle.
Liter engines have power.
Liter soda bottles fill with water.
A liter is a metric
Liter isa unit.
Liters are a basic unit in the metric system.
Liters are metric units of volume similar to a quart.
Liters are part of hls.
Liters are two places to the right of hectoliters.
Liters are used to measure volume.
Liters have (part) centiliters.
Liters have (part) cls.
Most liters are part of hls.
Literacy education contributes to the development of self knowledge and critical thinking skills.
Literacy education is a life-long process.
Literacy education is part of vocational education.
Literacy rate are lower among rural women except for Estonia and Tajikistan.
Literacy rate is low and there is a significant disparity between female and male literacy rates.
Literacy rates are also on the decline.
Literacy rates are considerably lower among seniors.
Literacy rates are low, making it difficult for people to fill out forms.
Literacy rates collapse.
Literacy rates continue to rise and fewer people leave school without qualifications.
Literacy rates go down.
Literacy rates run in the high nineties.
Literacy rates show similarly little variation between the cases.
Literacy tests indicate that reinforcement is needed in syllable and phonic skills.
Literacy tests measure reading and arithmetic levels.
A literacy is a skill
Literacies are skills.
Literacies have to be a means to get to the disciplines.
Literacies tell of different cultures with different ways with words.
Literacy affects all social levels including the affluent, middle income and very poor children.
Literacy affects every aspect of a person's life.
Literacy affects many different aspects of society.
Literacy affects people's access to decent jobs and thus to adequate incomes.
Literacy also appears to be a big issue.
Literacy also gives women a voice.
Literacy also includes knowledge of technology and problem solving skills.
Literacy are the building blocks of life.
Literacy assumes the power of texts and encourages exposure to competing ideas and beliefs.
Literacy becomes a hierarchy of societies.
Literacy begins with our children and in our homes and schools.
Literacy brings with it both opportunity and personal enrichment - possibility and power.
Literacy builds communication and an individual's ability to read and write.
Literacy builds self-confidence and cultural and societal awareness.
Literacy builds the foundation for credibility.
Literacy can bring people together.
Literacy can change lives.
Literacy can have a direct impact on reducing welfare dependency, unemployment, and crime.
Literacy can only be relevant and functional in the context of a relevant and functional curriculum.
Literacy can strengthen the hold of tradition or destroy it.
Literacy can, however, undermine the authority of tradition.
Literacy changes lives and changes families.
Literacy comprises both reading and writing tasks.
Literacy consists of reading, writing, speaking, and listening effectively.
Literacy consists of writing as well as reading ability.
Literacy continues to be a major focus of libraries.
Literacy creates a voice in students.
Literacy crosses technology and form.
Literacy depends on a person s way of life.
Literacy depends on a student's ability to read.
Literacy develops from real life settings where literacy is used to accomplish real world tasks.
Literacy develops from the language the child knows then quickly transfers to the second language.
Literacy does form communities.
Literacy encompasses every form of written word.
Literacy encompasses reading, writing, speaking and listening, viewing and representing.
Literacy encourages later marriage and smaller families.
Literacy encourages people to seek medical help and adopt sound hygiene and nutrition.
Literacy enhances advancement of a community as a whole.
Literacy enhances respect, motivation and self-esteem.
Literacy extends far beyond the acquisition of specified skills.
Literacy gives knowledge and illiteracy depicts ignorance.
Literacy gives people the option of choosing what genre they enjoy.
Literacy goes beyond skepticism.
Literacy has a different meaning when applied to different groups and in different situations.
Literacy has a special role in guaranteeing the basic citizen competence to everybody.
Literacy has a wide range of genres and functions, which are important to teachers and learners.
Literacy has a wide range of genres and functions, which are important toteachers and learners.
Literacy has different meanings and functions for different cultural and linguistic groups.
Literacy has far reaching effects on society.
Literacy has many definitions for many different people.
Literacy has many definitions for many people.
Literacy has many uses.
Literacy has several stagesand several purposes.
Literacy helps make life more interesting and even exciting.
Literacy impacts health knowledge, health status, and access to health services.
Literacy impacts income level, occupation, education, housing and access to medical care.
Literacy implies the assumption of that responsibility.
Literacy includes reading, writing, speaking and listening.
Literacy involves language, and science relies upon it for communication.
Literacy involves placing numbers into meaningful context in daily living.
Literacy involves reading skills of a higher order.
Literacy involves the ability to acquire information and communicate with others.
Literacy involves the ability to gain access to written information.
Literacy involves the ability to gain meaning from print and pictures.
Literacy involves the develop ment of communicative competence in written and oral discourse.
Literacy involves the development of communicative competence in written and oral discourse.
Literacy involves the expression of ideas and the freeing of the spirit.
Literacy involves the interrelatedness of reading and writing.
Literacy involves the use of a language in a variety of contexts.
Literacy involves using both words and art to communicate messages.
Literacy is a basic human right of every child.
Literacy is a basic human right.
Literacy is a basic skill needed for full citizenship in our society.
Literacy is a basic.
Literacy is a big barrier to political participation.
Literacy is a big problem here in Guyana.
Literacy is a building block of independence.
Literacy is a characteristic of a culture.
Literacy is a common thread among all three, as the following statistics clearly show.
Literacy is a complex matter involving the accessing, understanding, and use of information.
Literacy is a complex phenomenon.
Literacy is a component of every lesson or activity presented during the school day.
Literacy is a concept, a process, a set of skills, and a mode of behaviour.
Literacy is a concern.
Literacy is a constructive process, an attempt to create meaning as part of social action.
Literacy is a critical educational issue across the nation.
Literacy is a developmental process.
Literacy is a district as well as a school priority.
Literacy is a family legacy handed down from generation to generation.
Literacy is a family legacy.
Literacy is a favorite cause for the first lady, a former teacher and librarian.
Literacy is a fundamental building block of a lifetime of productivity, learning and fun.
Literacy is a fundamental component of communication.
Literacy is a fundamental issue for the medical profession.
Literacy is a fundamental skill which affects life-long learning skills for individuals.
Literacy is a fundamental that effects our entire community.
Literacy is a funny thing.
Literacy is a gauge of one's language ability.
Literacy is a good measure of educational achievement in developing regions.
Literacy is a grand journey that is at the root of what it means to be an educated citizen.
Literacy is a great gift.
Literacy is a growing and a major concern throughout the world.
Literacy is a key component of a sound Jobs and Growth agenda.
Literacy is a key element in Bible translation.
Literacy is a lifelong process of learning how to make meaning from text.
Literacy is a major issue related to poverty.
Literacy is a major variable influencing health in a variety of ways.
Literacy is a necessary skill in itself and the foundation of other life skills.
Literacy is a political question.
Literacy is a priority with our staff and students.
Literacy is a priority.
Literacy is a program component at all grade levels.
Literacy is a range of tools that help people help themselves - and their children.
Literacy is a reflection of the total education experience.
Literacy is a responsibility of the public sector.
Literacy is a right rather than a privilege today.
Literacy is a significant part of the program.
Literacy is a social, psychological, and linguistic process.
Literacy is a visual function.
Literacy is a vital building block in lifelong learning.
Literacy is about communication, and so is understanding.
Literacy is about living well.
Literacy is about more than just reading well.
Literacy is about reading, but it is about more.
Literacy is about reading, but it's about much more, too.
Literacy is about recognition, interpretation and communication, relative to the era.
Literacy is about retaining dignity and self-respect in a lettered world.
Literacy is absolutely essential for the success of any society.
Literacy is also an issue.
Literacy is also high on the agenda in our secondary schools.
Literacy is also integral to memory being one of the earliest information storage systems.
Literacy is always in a precarious situation.
Literacy is among the oldest means of integrating different cultures.
Literacy is an achievable national goal.
Literacy is an active phenomenon, deeply linked to personal and cultural identity.
Literacy is an element in the framing of policies related to youth and seniors.
Literacy is an essential pre-requisite for vocational training.
Literacy is an essential tool for community development and wellness.
Literacy is an extension of both reading and language.
Literacy is an important part of all our lives.
Literacy is an issue that matters.
Literacy is analyzed within the context of other workplace issues.
Literacy is and has been very important to middle-class families in India.
Literacy is another form of communication than orality.
Literacy is another way to assist others and change their lives forever.
Literacy is approached as a form of cultural politics rather than a technical skill.
Literacy is at least as complex as carpentry.
Literacy is at the heart of that meaningful social intercourse which is in turn at the heart of law.
Literacy is based on the number of students completing sixth grade.
Literacy is below that of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Literacy is both the cause and effect of development.
Literacy is celebrated in an exemplary middle grades program, and everybody wins.
Literacy is common.
Literacy is communication of intent and sentiment.
Literacy is completely different for someone who is blind or deaf.
Literacy is complex.
Literacy is considered a condition for political, economic and social reform.
Literacy is considered a disease in the future.
Literacy is context specific.
Literacy is continuous.
Literacy is critical to a student's future success.
Literacy is critical to individual education, employment and personal growth.
Literacy is critical to Michigan's competitiveness, health, well being, and future.
Literacy is crucial to all aspects of life, public and private.
Literacy is cultural.
Literacy is dead.
Literacy is defined for all three programs.
Literacy is determined two different ways.
Literacy is developmental.
Literacy is different now.
Literacy is difficult to define and to measure.
Literacy is elitist.
Literacy is emphasized across the curriculum.
Literacy is emphasized during activities such as yearbook and journal writing.
Literacy is essential for success in school and in life.
Literacy is essential to function effectively in a democratic society.
Literacy is essential to learning.
Literacy is essential to our Tradition.
Literacy is essential to their success.
Literacy is everyone's right.
Literacy is everywhere and is fun.
Literacy is facilitated through formal learning opportunities.
Literacy is for Everyone.
Literacy is for profit .
Literacy is fundamental to success in our knowledge-based society.
Literacy is imperative to a child s success, and now computer know-how is becoming as important.
Literacy is in evidence as one walks through the school.
Literacy is incorporated into all areas of learning.
Literacy is integrated in all curricula.
Literacy is integrated into the arts, science, math, social studies and technology.
Literacy is key to helping people become self-sufficient and realize their potential.
Literacy is language.
Literacy is learned.
Literacy is low among Baluchi speakers giving radio special attraction.
Literacy is mainly a social phenomenon, meant to bind society.
Literacy is many things.
Literacy is more than just a spell check and getting the apostrophes in the right places.
Literacy is more than just reading and writing.
Literacy is more than learning to read and write words.
Literacy is more than reading a book and understanding it.
Literacy is more than reciting the alphabet.
Literacy is much more than just reading and writing.
Literacy is much more than the ability to read and write.
Literacy is near total.
Literacy is neutral and beneficial.
Literacy is never just about reading, it's is also about writing.
Literacy is now nearly universal throughout Southeast Asia.
Literacy is number two on the list.
Literacy is of central importance to development.
Literacy is of vital importance to children.
Literacy is often low.
Literacy is on the decline, and communication is increasingly carried out graphically and aurally.
Literacy is one example.
Literacy is one gateway to independence and escaping the poverty trap.
Literacy is one thing that only improves with time and experience.
Literacy is one things that can never be taken away.
Literacy is our business.
Literacy is our charge.
Literacy is our number one goal for each student.
Literacy is our number one priority.
Literacy is part of a language, so writing and reading develop alongside speaking and listening.
Literacy is part of language development in literate countries.
Literacy is part of real life concerns and issues in people's lives.
Literacy is particularly important for women.
Literacy is pivotal to human progress.
Literacy is promoted by the fact that the chat interface is text.
Literacy is related to age independently of education as well.
Literacy is related to many policy issues.
Literacy is required.
Literacy is said to be the prerequisite of civilization.
Literacy is situated, meaningful, text-based interaction with others.
Literacy is such an advantage.
Literacy is supported through the use of science notebooks.
Literacy is taught through phonetics, writing and keeping regular journals.
Literacy is the ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.
Literacy is the ability to interpret, analyze, summarize, relate, and combine ideas.
Literacy is the ability to read and write.
Literacy is the ability to read, to write, and to comprehend what is read.
Literacy is the ability to read, write, calculate, speak and understand.
Literacy is the ability to read, write, speak English, and compute in everyday life.
Literacy is the ability to understand, appreciate and use language.
Literacy is the ability, in language , to make sense and to detect nonsense.
Literacy is the basis for all learning.
Literacy is the basis of personal power.
Literacy is the cornerstone of society.
Literacy is the cornerstone of the education every child needs and deserves.
Literacy is the default.
Literacy is the first step on the road to change and development.
Literacy is the focus of our everyday instruction.
Literacy is the foundation of academic achievement.
Literacy is the foundation of all learning.
Literacy is the foundation of everything personal, social, economic and political.
Literacy is the foundation of learning.
Literacy is the foundation of success.
Literacy is the foundation that supports our democracy, economy, culture and communities.
Literacy is the gateway to education.
Literacy is the goal, and music and movement are infused into the reading curriculum.
Literacy is the highest priority of the academic ends.
Literacy is the key that unlocks a world of opportunity.
Literacy is the key to all learning.
Literacy is the key to being able to live and work successfully in today's society.
Literacy is the key to everything.
Literacy is the key to increasing the participation of African-American men and boys.
Literacy is the key to learning.
Literacy is the key to prosperity, on an individual, family and community basis.
Literacy is the key to the success of deaf and hard of hearing students.
Literacy is the norm among the younger generation.
Literacy is the path to success and ultimately power.
Literacy is they basis for communication in the majority of our society.
Literacy is tied to economic success in most cases.
Literacy is universal and almost all homes have electricity, telephones, and running water.
Literacy is universal for both women and men.
Literacy is up and infant mortality is down.
Literacy is used to look at how educated people are, for example how many adults can read and write.
Literacy is vital to success in the technology-saturated workplace.
Literacy is widespread, abject poverty is almost unknown.
Literacy is, for example, a factor in crime prevention and the administration of justice.
Literacy isa skill.
Literacy Knowing how to read is essential for an individual to function in our society.
Literacy learning occurs as young children participate in purposeful and meaningful activities.
Literacy links Out in the big wide world there are many fings to discover and fink about.
Literacy Make sure charts and graphs are clearly labeled.
Literacy makes it so.
Literacy means easier access to political and social involvement.
Literacy means greater productivity at the family, local and national level.
Literacy means improved career opportunities and an open door to a world of possibilities.
Literacy means knowing how to learn.
Literacy means more than being able to read books.
Literacy means more than just knowing how to read and write.
Literacy means more than just reading and writing.
Literacy means several things to several people.
Literacy means the ability to conceive images.
Literacy now drives each school's planning, budget, professional development, practice, and more.
Literacy now means more than the basic ability to read and write.
Literacy occurs in social, economic, political, cultural, family, and religious contexts.
Literacy opens doors to the world.
Literacy plays an important role in every facet of the unit.
Literacy posses a major power in our everyday life.
Literacy profits everyone.
Literacy provides alternatives for the rewarding use of leisure time.
Literacy provides the scaffolding within which work gets done at the circuit board assembly plants.
Literacy really needs lots of work for optimal improvement.
Literacy remains our school-wide instructional focus.
Literacy remains the number one priority for all deaf and hard of hearing students.
Literacy seems to have been universal.
Literacy spreads among the women factory workers with remarkable rapidity.
Literacy strongly influences individual and social well-being.
Literacy supports programs designed to encourage or teach reading and make it convenient.
Literacy takes training, years of it.
Literacy teaches practical things.
Literacy then becomes more than phonics and a full shelf of books.
Literacy thereby involves process skills which are applied for a particular purpose.
Some literacies affect capability.
Literal absurdity is by no means a disqualifier for such metaphors.
Literal characters appear on each line of the timing diagram and are used as visual separators.
Literal comprehension is emphasized.
Literal content is always copied as-is to the output file, whitespace and all.
Literal description ends up inevitably superceded by the figurative realm.
Literal dreams can heal and solve problems.
Literal features enhance an interface's learnability.
All literal fences create boundaries.
All literal information is enclosed in quotes ''.
A literal interpretation is an interpretation
Literal interpretation is in opposition to allegorical interpretation.
Literal interpretation is the normal, ordinary, customary usage of words.
Literal interpretations are interpretations.
Some literal interpretations can cause error.
Literal language is a bit easier to work with.
Literal language is language that means exactly what is said.
Literal meanings are packaged commodities for passive consumers.
Literal questions ensure comprehension.
Literal search finds documents most similar to keywords.
Literal similarity focuses upon copying of direct quotations or close paraphrasing.
Literal sound is referential sound .
Literal text is enclosed in quotation marks.
Literal text retreives all terms.
Literal translation can produce very unpredictable meaning that can lead to laughter or distrust.
Literal translation is the basic translation technique, and is overruled for stylistic reasons only.
Literal translation tries to be as close as possible to what is written in the original language .
Literal translation tries to be as close as possible to what is written in the original language.
Literal translations are attempts to be absolutely faithful to the original languages.
Literal translations are difficult for some people to understand .
Literal translations are difficult for some people to understand.
Literal translations are first on the list.
Literal translations convey concepts that the readers can interpret.
Literal translations produce awful English.
Literal translations translate just the text.
Literal values are only legal if they are within the range specified by the IEEE standard.
Literal voyages serve as rites of passage leading to psychological growth.
Literal words are key words that are important to the topic.
A literal is a mistake
Literals are constants.
Literals are data.
Literals are hard coded values.
Literals null Returns the null value.
Literals always exist implicitly.
All literals are case-sensitive.
A literalism is a doctrine
Literalism survives today in the primarily in the fundamentalist assault on evolutionary biology.
All literalism is a security system.
Literary activity lies in describing the meeting between external reality and a human mind.
Many literary adaptations are also available in our feature film video collection.
A literary agent is an agent
Literary agents act as a buffer for the publishing industry.
Literary agents act for and advise writers.
Literary agents are a recognized and respected part of the publishing industry.
Literary agents are agents.
Literary agents are generally reluctant to take on authors who lack a certain cachet.
Literary agents can do little to get an unknown author in.
Literary agents welcome.
Literary analysis can discern the ways in which tropes of sexuality operate in political rhetoric.
Literary analysis essays on works of fiction, poetry, and drama.
Literary analysis is used to reveal a historical fact or principle.
Literary analysis works the same way.
All literary analysis begins with form.
Literary anecdotes abound.
Literary art begins only there, where it moves away from naturalism, they say.
Literary art outweighs all other considerations.
Literary arts are vital to a healthy society.
Literary artists manipulate language.
Literary artists working in oral traditions are also eligible.
Literary ballad See ballad.
Literary branch is devided into social and human sciences.
Literary censorship is the first step on the road that leads to massacre.
Literary centers support developing as well as well-known writers.
Literary couple nurtures a growing population of suspense writers in style.
A literary critic is a critic
Literary critics are critics.
Literary critics can analyze women s writings, since many of the periodicals include fiction.
Every literary critic belongs to one or more interpretive communities.
Many literary critics are partial to essay titles with colons.
Some literary critics see their role as raising public awareness of environmental issues.
Literary criticism can include journal articles and sections or chapters of books.
Literary criticism can take several forms.
Literary criticism describes, analyzes or interprets a literary work, usually in essay form.
Literary criticism has to deal with an apparent ubiquity of flaws in masterpieces.
Literary criticism indicates that the biblical reports are historical.
Literary criticism is a literary study
Literary criticism is a social endeavor.
Literary criticism is a subjective thing.
Literary criticism is all about issues.
Literary criticism is also a discourse, as is the terminology associated with grading.
Literary criticism is an attempt to understand literature and what it means.
Literary criticism is an interesting phenomenon.
Literary criticism is emphasized, covering writers from around the world.
Literary criticism is emphasized, with coverage of authors from around the world.
Literary criticism is generally bunk.
Literary criticism is literary studies.
Literary criticism is more about creation than about discovery.
Literary criticism is purchased in both French and English.
Literary criticism is purchased in Spanish or English, as available.
Literary criticism is the evaluation, analysis, description, or interpretation of literary works.
Literary criticism is the scholarly evaluation or analysis of literature.
Literary criticism lacks a theory or system proper to literature itself.
Literary criticism records opinions of an author's work.
Literary criticism starts from the other end of the scale.
Most literary criticism is published in scholarly journals that are available primarily in print.
Literary culture is one of humanity's most comprehensive and accessible illuminations of life.
Every literary description is a view.
Literary discussion is a skill which can be developed.
Literary discussions are lively, informative, and educational.
Literary education is one facet of the overall educational process, albeit a most important one.
Literary education is presented as vital in the first chapters.
Literary etiquette demands that in mixed company poets pretend prosody is a dull subject.
Literary excellence is the only criterion.
Literary experience is neither abstract and esoteric, nor immediate and consequential.
Literary experts share their insights on the creative work of America's greatest playwright.
Literary feminism is a much more dubious thing.
Literary fiction aims to challenge, to use language in innovative ways.
Literary fiction is a challenging area of readers' advisory.
Literary fiction is all about distribution and readership.
Literary fiction is more character based than mainstream, which is plot based.
Literary fiction lives.
Literary fiction works oppositely.
Literary figures do better than political figures.
Literary figures offer nightly readings and book signings.
Literary figures tend to have interesting graves.
Many literary figures have few or no surviving documents.
Literary flair is accorded distressingly little honor at the bottom line.
Literary folk look for solid comfort.
Literary forms covered are nonfiction, the essay, the short story, and the novel.
Any literary form is OK, though poetry is preffered.
Some literary forms demand miraculous occurences.
A literary genre is style
Literary genre is reviewed and new material is introduced.
Literary heroes present a psychological role model to remember when faced with life's uncertainties.
Literary history is a science.
Literary history is made.
Literary history provides a background for the study.
Literary humorists find themselves invited in.
Literary hypertext offers a new way of reading and writing.
Literary imagination is an aesthetic object offered by a writer to a lover of books.
Literary immortality is a strange and fickle mistress.
Literary invention requires a taste for grandeur and humility.
Literary issues are always there for the seeking in silent films.
Many literary journals are completely online.
Literary journalism is welcome.
Literary journalists are free from the norms of any journalistic style.
Literary journalists are free to describe unknowables such as thoughts and emotions.
Literary journalists are responsible to distinguish between fact and fiction.
Literary journalists are responsible to tell the truth to the best of their ability.
Literary journalists can only use factual material to tell a story.
Literary journalists develop meaning by building upon the readers' sequential reactions.
Literary journalists immerse themselves in subjects' worlds and in background research.
Literary journalists write mostly about routine events.
Literary kooks go for anagrams because they can always find exactly what they're after.
Literary legend lives on in spirit in Park Corner.
Literary locales contains links to photos of locales connected with many of the assigned authors.
Literary Lunches Hear distinguished authors talk about their books.
Literary magazine produced by Miami's graduate English department goes national.
Literary magazines employ discrete poetry and fiction reviewers and editors.
Literary magazines provide elements of individual and collective development.
Literary magazines publish fiction, poetry, book reviews, criticism, and essays.
Some literary material is included.
Literary merit is a secondary consideration.
Literary merit is also an important criterion.
Literary movements covered include decadence, proletarian literature, and modernism.
Literary mystery set in the world of bookdealers includes a male homosexual character.
Literary nonfiction is neither an oxymoron nor dead.
Literary nonfiction is the loom.
Literary people are the opposite.
Literary periods can be surprisingly elastic.
Literary Pigs Explore the joys of pen and oink.
Literary prizes are one way.
Literary production is often entirely the result of sub- conscious workings, of inspiration.
Literary progress becomes very obvious from year to year, especially in the younger grades.
Literary prose seems to create the same sort of passionate response.
Literary quality is quite secondary.
Literary reading can be a demanding activity, both cognitively and emotionally.
Literary reflections are essential as well.
Literary reminiscences are something quite different.
Literary repetition can also be external to the text in question.
Literary representation is a third career for the Wisconsin transplant.
A literary review is a review
Literary reviews are distinct from reports of historical research.
Literary rights reside with the creators of the documents or their heirs.
Literary scholars make their livings interpreting literature.
Literary scholars uncover a clandestine love affair between two Victorian poets.
Literary scholars wonder about the curious accumulation of sayings at the end of the parable.
Literary selections feature examples of high calibre writing from a variety of cultural viewpoints.
Literary snobbery is rife and it can be so harmful.
Literary societies are typically non-profit organizations.
Literary sources can be useful in charting recurrent patterns in hopes and fears about technology .
Literary spaces are spaces created entirely with words.
A literary study is arts
Literary studies are one of the most indispensable foundations of a humanism for our era .
Literary studies bring out the sensory values encoded in written texts.
Literary studies continue every year thereafter through graduation.
Literary studies continue every year thereafter.
Literary study is individualized too as students pick writers who are models of good writing.
Literary success is so totally random.
Literary symbol See symbol.
Literary terms are grammatical in nature.
Literary terms Review and study the following list of literary terms.
Literary Terms works the same way.
Literary texts are an example.
Literary texts are appropriate.
Literary texts embrace many types of poetry, fiction, drama, and criticism.
Literary texts Expect at least one question to use one or more literary texts.
Literary texts operate within culturally-specific contexts.
Literary texts require an intelligent discussion to enrich their meaning.
Literary texts serve as basis for discussion and substantial composition.
Literary theft is theft of personal property.
Literary themes relate to significant social, historical, and political contexts.
Literary theorists offer three explanations-models, really.
Literary theorists study the use of language in literature.
Literary theory puts into question traditional notions of period and genre.
Literary tourism is suddenly big business here.
Literary traditions are prologues.
All literary traditions are of interest.
Literary translation compares some of the most important contemporary theories on the subject.
Literary translation includes poetry, prose, or drama, from any period.
Literary translation is different from cultural translation in the nature of the texts used.
Literary translations are especially competitive.
Literary treasures hide on every shelf, just waiting to be discovered.
Literary types prefer poets and troubadours.
Literary warrant is of course a sociological phenomenon.
Literary wit is trickier.
Literary work is a writing
Literary works are works other than dramatic or musical works which are written, spoken or sung.
Literary works can have philosophical merit in very different ways.
Literary works contain systems of values that readers apprehend through their emotional responses.
Literary works vary in the manner in which they present enthymemes in their discourse.
All literary works are complete.
All literary works are property of thier author.
Most literary works use many descriptive words to help describe settings and characters.
Literary workers are also accorded representation.
Literary writing invites attention to the message itself.
Most literary writing is either more or less than it appears to be.
Literate behavior is intelligence at work.
Literate cultures realize ecosophy in ways different from oral ones.
Literate individuals have greater opportunity to receive training and improve their employability.
Literate people appreciate what they read and understand what they write.
Most literate people take advantage.
A literate person is a person
Literate people take advantage.
Any literate person can spell or read it.
Literate programming is the synthesis of documentation and coding.
Literate programming strikes the right balance.
A literati is an elite
Literati also provides web site hosting services.
Literati delivers unique quality web solutions to our clients.
Literati offers a variety of services for the home or office computer, network and Internet user.
Literati offers computer and network services for the home and office.
Literature Circles are . . .
Literature circles are a format for children to discuss the content of what they have read.
Literature circles are one of the hottest trends in language arts teaching.
Literature circles are small student-directed discussion groups.
Literature circles help students explore personal responses to literature.
Literature Circles help students to connect with literature.
Literature Circles Involve students in cooperative learning study of literature.
Literature Circles offer a superb vehicle for deep discussion.
Literature Circles offer readers the opportunity to become literate.
Literature databases contain literature citations and factual databases contain numerical data.
Literature evangelism is considered friendly and often leads to discussion on a one on one basis.
Literature guides are available for circulation.
Literature guides provide a broad survey of information sources.
Literature reviews are non-commissionable.
Literature reviews are unacceptable.
Literature reviews tend to summarise rather than critically review.
Any literature review is limited by the material available.
Literature surveys take time and require some discipline.
Literature abounds concerning analytical ultracentrifugation.
Literature abounds in theory studies and more and more efficient methods.
Literature abounds with poetry about dogs.
Literature abstracts abstracts of selected journal articles.
Literature addresses the ways human beings live, individually and in a range of groupings.
Literature allows a much deeper understanding of historical events.
Literature also exists implicating skeletal muscle contractile dysfunction in heart failure.
Literature also figures in an important way in the journal.
Literature also is available at any police station or sheriff's office.
Literature also provides a microcosm for general review of the status quo on an issue, on a people.
Literature also provides impressive training for law, diplomacy, and academic administration.
Literature also provides material for examination of essential human values and experiences.
Literature also shows that nucleomegaly is due to precocious or abnormal aging.
Literature also suggests it eats snails, crabs, spiders and small vertebrates.
Literature also takes sides in societies that are divided.
Literature are highly desirable.
Literature are usually good places to start.
Literature assigned is multicultural.
Literature based course gives basic information of technics and law of hunting in Finland.
Literature become anxious about values in the independent country.
Literature becomes a testimony to the Hand of God in history.
Literature becomes frivolous.
Literature becomes important and relevant to the students' lives.
Literature becomes more and more often available in electronic form.
Literature becomes so by virtue of the passage of time.
Literature begins again.
Literature belongs to the humanities .
Literature broadens the minds and hearts of human beings.
Literature can also be a springboard for children's creative endeavors.
Literature can be a nice complement to the sales process.
Literature can be a source for problems and inspire thinking about solutions and designs.
Literature can be fiction, non-fiction, and poetry.
Literature can be fiction, nonfiction, and poetry.
Literature can be such an alternative data source.
Literature can be violent, depressing, magical or dark.
Literature can bridge typical and atypical children in inclusive classrooms.
Literature can conjure effects outside of society.
Literature can deepen our thoughts as well.
Literature can enrich our experience in other ways too.
Literature can help potential users over the hump of inertia.
Literature can make our senses more alert, our feelings more sensitive.
Literature can make the abstract real and personal because it creates individual memories.
Literature can often seem overwhelming.
Literature can play an important role in the classroom.
Literature can pose a wealth of information to the healthcare professional.
Literature can provide cultural support and identification for students from minority cultures.
Literature can reveal individual differences as well as common bonds.
Literature can still be a crime against the state - especially in the Arab world.
Literature can, indeed, be a particularly powerful vehicle of moral education.
Literature celebrating mothers can read again and again.
Literature circles participation, products, and collaborative team member.
Literature cites the removal of leaves with egg masses as a means of controlling walnut caterpillar.
Literature claims a very thin slice of the national cake.
Literature Click an image to go directly to the appropriate section.
Literature comes alive for many students when they hear a story read by their teacher.
Literature concerning California wild grape adaptations to fire is scant.
Literature Consists of biographies and summaries of the work of several Russian authors.
Literature containing pertinent education materials of value to school board member is available.
Literature continues outside the dying power structures.
Literature covered includes journal articles, reports, conferences and books.
Literature covered includes journal articles, reports, proceedings, and theses.
Literature covering related sciences is acquired on request.
Literature covers a survey of American works from the post-Civil War era to present.
Literature covers a wide range of symphonic music appropriate for band.
Literature covers a wide range of symphonic music appropriate for orchestra.
Literature Covers all forms of writing from short stories and novels to movie scripts.
Literature covers show tunes and swing choir arrangements.
Literature deals with consequences.
Literature deals with human experiences, feelings, and emotions.
Literature demands an emotional response from the reader.
Literature describes aspects.
Literature describes different methods.
Literature describes human situations, tells stories and enshrines myths.
Literature describes violence and conflict at the heart of the human condition.
Literature describing the calculation procedure for irrigation adjustments is available.
Literature describing the full terms of coverage is available in the office of human resources.
Literature describing the instrument is currently under review.
Literature Do have brochures on hand, but keep paper to a minimum.
Literature does a person good.
Literature Dress up as a character from a favorite book.
Literature drops in targeted precincts.
Literature encompasses written material intended to entertain or inform.
Literature encourages students to examine changing selves in a changing world.
Literature endures when the triumphs of marble and bronze perish.
Literature enlightens the mind, soothes the soul, and inspires and educates all who touch it.
Literature enlivens the social studies.
Literature espouses chivalrous values, fantastic tales of valor, honor and patriotism.
Literature eventually reaches a mass audience in an indirect way.
Literature evokes different responses for each reader.
Literature exerts a powerful influence either for good or evil.
Literature exists to support all evaluation methods.
Literature exists to support and to refute open visitation.
Literature explores cultural values.
Literature explores new ground, uncovers new ideas, and presents new skills in reading.
Literature explores truth abstracted from the distracting elements of daily life.
Literature feeds on something uncontainable in such stories.
Literature Find collections of good literature and courses about literature.
Literature Find free, public domain books and other texts which are available for download.
Literature Find people.
Literature Find tips and information on writing for children.
Literature forms the heart of the unit.
Literature gives pleasure, plain and pure.
Literature Go for the classics.
Literature has a great natural power.
Literature has a particular power to comprehend worlds, as physics is able to comprehend the world.
Literature has a real power to produce social changes.
Literature has a tradition going back to the middle ages.
Literature has a wide variety of links on literature of every description.
Literature has absolutely no limits.
Literature has influence.
Literature has no chronological limitations.
Literature has something to do with society.
Literature has staying power, but it is subject to metamorphosis.
Literature has to be smuggled into the country.
Literature has to be written, printed and distributed, and requests for help be followed up.
Literature has to transform the reader.
Literature has up to now magnified pensive immobility, ecstasy and slumber.
Literature Have brochures on hand, but keep paper to a minimum.
Literature helps refine our verbal skills which can greatly enhance our sharing of the gospel.
Literature helps students learn more about their world and about themselves.
Literature helps to define the art's culture.
Literature however is only one section in a cultural symphony.
Literature Identify and understand characters.
Literature improves the quality of our lives.
Literature includes both adult and juvenile.
Literature includes both fiction and nonfiction.
Literature includes both traditional as well as contemporary works.
Literature Includes Chinese novels, stories, poetry, Chinese classics and martial arts.
Literature includes drama, poetry, short stories, novels and essays.
Literature includes fiction and nonfiction.
Literature Includes general resources on Spanish and Latin American literature.
Literature includes historical fiction, as well as preparation for the publication of a class book.
Literature includes madrigals as well as other chamber choir literature.
Literature Includes many popular sites.
Literature Includes poetry, prose, and stories of the afterlife.
Literature includes popular tunes, classics, and works representing different cultures.
Literature includes posters, handbills and pamphlets.
Literature includes selections from all periods.
Literature includes short stories, plays, novels, and poetry.
Literature includes stories, poetry, and more.
Literature includes the short story, novel, poetry, and drama from the world arena.
Literature includes the standard symphonic and concerto repertoire.
Literature includes two piano music with four hands, eight hands, and duets.
Literature includes works of fiction as well as poetry and memoir.
Literature increases language output and causes imaginations to soar.
Literature indicates habituation is possible, allowing elk to do well near homes.
Literature is a broad field.
Literature is a core requirement because the students who attend are of a wide variety of cultures.
Literature is a discovery of the transient and the durable from the past and the present.
Literature is a gateway to human experience, a wider horizon and a key to other cultures.
Literature is a good example of a discipline that probes the importance of differences.
Literature is a human document.
Literature is a human experience.
Literature is a language art.
Literature is a linear form.
Literature is a list of topics with scholarly web sites as links.
Literature is a luxury.
Literature is a major component of the language arts program.
Literature is a marvelous tool for supporting problem solving learning.
Literature is a means of exploring the subterranean depths of the human personality.
Literature is a mimetic or representational art, so are sculpture, dance and drama.
Literature is a mirror of society.
Literature is a necessary, but extremely expensive part of business.
Literature is a part of the English.
Literature is a perceptual exercise, and creating monsters is a small perceptual leap.
Literature is a perfect opportunity to teach values.
Literature is a powerful vehicle for the transmission and interpretation of culture.
Literature is a primary source of idea.
Literature is a resource for theological reflection and preaching.
Literature is a result of the human's wrestling with nature and with one another.
Literature is a return to something.
Literature is a subcase of language for special purposes.
Literature is a subjective discipline.
Literature is a universe.
Literature is a vehicle for achieving the language arts objectives.
Literature is a way to give math meaning.
Literature is a wonderful tool for supporting problem solving learning.
Literature is a work of creative literature, such as a poem or short story.
Literature is a writing
Literature is able to give great fame to men through time.
Literature is about focusing in on the details.
Literature is about human beings and more.
Literature is about more than simply identifying characters or regurgitating facts about the story.
Literature is about the human society.
Literature is about the reader's experience of the work.
Literature is alive.
Literature is all about the search for identity, regardless of the ethnicity.
Literature is all over map.
Literature is all over the board.
Literature is also a strong suit.
Literature is also available in many languages other than English.
Literature is also available on site.
Literature is also available on-line .
Literature is also available to further inform travelers about immunizations and precautions.
Literature is also available upon request.
Literature is also from the same publishers.
Literature is always about transgressing.
Literature is always available from the group that distributes literature on oxygen therapies.
Literature is an abiding passion of a nation that delights in the English language.
Literature is an avenue for gaining insights into a culture.
Literature is an effective methodology to tie learning with serving the community.
Literature is an imitation of a sequence of events.
Literature is an imitation of events or objects.
Literature is an important aspect of our program.
Literature is an important part of the program every day.
Literature is an indespensible complement to the academic paper.
Literature is an international experience.
Literature is an invention by the middle-classes for their own benefit.
Literature is an investment of genius which pays dividends to all subsequent times.
Literature is analysis after the event.
Literature is another great way.
Literature is another thing entirely.
Literature is anything made or written using language .
Literature is anything made or written using language.
Literature is approached through enjoyment.
Literature is art.
LIterature is art.
Literature is as old as speech.
Literature is at a sad discount.
Literature is attached.
Literature is attractive when the reader has the ability to do more than merely visualize.
Literature is available and refreshments.
Literature is available for a donation.
Literature is available for most Sharp products.
Literature is available for participants to take home.
Literature is available from manufacturers of the more complex, factory built systems.
Literature is available in Danish, English, and German.
Literature is available in Punjabi, Chinese, Vietnamese and French besides English.
Literature is available on alternative landscaping.
Literature is available on growing the crops, especially soybeans, in temperate zones.
Literature is available on handgun safety courses, too.
Literature is available on many topics related to special education.
Literature is available on request.
Literature is available only to practicing veterinary professionals.
Literature is available to take home.
Literature is available upon request.
Literature is available.
Literature is born every day.
Literature is bound up with social, political, historical and even economic development.
Literature is challenging and consists of a full orchestral repertoire for the developing musician.
Literature is chosen from each major historic musical period.
Literature is chosen from standard works for organ according to the student s ability.
Literature is chosen from standard works for piano according to the student s ability.
Literature is chosen to represent forms and styles of many periods.
Literature is cited within text using correct form.
Literature is closest to religion when it tries to contain all human desperation.
Literature is concerned with form alone.
Literature is considered an important approach to the topic.
Literature is costly , therefore distribute it wisely.
Literature is covered which helps strengthen the student's grasp of varying styles.
Literature is created by writing.
Literature is created from words and takes advantage of the laws by which they are governed.
Literature is dangerous.
Literature is debatable wisdom.
Literature is determined in consultation with the tutor.
Literature is different.
Literature is distinct.
Literature is distributed to participants during the overnight course.
Literature is divided into types of literature.
Literature is drawn from the finest traditional and contemporary repertoire.
Literature is drawn from the standard repertoire for concert band.
Literature is essential for nurturing and developing imagination, compassion, and insight.
Literature is essential to civilization.
Literature is essentially art.
Literature is everything that has ever been written.
Literature is far short of the mark.
Literature is filled with praise of the power of quiet times.
Literature is filled with stories of spontaneous remission of disease.
Literature Is Fire'' more closely, one begins to understand.
Literature is for everybody because it is about everybody.
Literature is for the reader.
Literature is free.
Literature is full of indications, too.
Literature is full of people who have made such a bargain.
Literature is geared to families, health care professionals, and the general public.
Literature is given on how the point system works and the point values for food.
Literature is grand.
Literature is handed out during lectures.
Literature is hard to find.
Literature is human thought described by words.
Literature is impossible.
Literature is in one section, but the social science materials are scattered about.
Literature is in quotation marks.
Literature is in short supply.
Literature is included for reference purposes only.
Literature is included from both rural and urban areas with an emphasis on contemporary literature.
Literature is included in the form of biographies of historic figures who exemplify peaceful values.
Literature is infinite, expansive.
Literature is integrated in all other syllabuses, especially in language.
Literature is internal and television is external.
Literature is interpreted as a vehicle for understanding what it means to grow old.
Literature is just a click away.
Literature is just a small part of literacy.
Literature is just words, while medicine is deeds.
Literature is largely to blame, as are all the other media.
Literature is like going to the gym.
Literature is limited to one of each item.
Literature is listed in order of increasing difficulty.
Literature is listed which is significant for the place and the subject.
Literature is literary studies.
Literature is literature, and nothing else.
Literature is live and well in Bradford.
Literature is located in book stores.
Literature is located in conferences.
Literature is located in good homes.
Literature is located in libraries.
Literature is located in meetings.
Literature is located in public libraries.
Literature is located in shelfs.
Literature is Love.
Literature is massively popular and making millions and millions of dollars.
Literature is more than the profound expression of profound ideas.
Literature is most useful to life when it comes alive, when it leaves the page.
Literature is necessary for an education.
Literature is neither static nor two-dimensional.
Literature is news that stays news.
Literature is non-threatening.
Literature is often available for sale at meetings.
Literature is OK if it contributres to a moral lesson.
Literature is one of the easiest ways to accomplish the task of integrating math and science.
Literature is one of the few academic subjects left that teaches morality.
Literature is one of the mediums where women's voices have most been heard.
Literature is one of the most affordable forms of travel.
Literature is one of the most important tools of a native missionary.
Literature is one of the noblest creations of humankind.
Literature is one pathway to knowing and understanding the world.
Literature is one site where the unfree body is put to work to guarantee the free one.
Literature is one vast hypocrisy, a giant deception, treachery.
Literature is one, things spiritual another.
Literature is only one type of magical realism that is expressed wildely.
Literature is our lifeblood.
Literature is our portable program.
Literature is part of culture, culture is that meeting-place.
Literature is placed under the tables before the day of the fair.
Literature is political and historical.
Literature is professions.
Literature is provided free of charge by mail or can be picked up directly from the center.
Literature is read by people in all walks of life.
Literature is read over and over again.
Literature is replete with poems, narratives, and plays in which prayer plays a major part.
Literature is required for the minor.
Literature is restricted to popular musical styles.
Literature is revelation.
Literature is reviewed from the fields of economics, marketing, and arts administration.
Literature is reviewed to opine on action of steroids in central giant cell granuloma.
Literature is reviewed.
Literature is rich with ideas and language suitable for songs.
Literature is romantics.
Literature is seen to have a responsibility to enhance life and act as a foundation of civilisation.
Literature is selected based on thematic units of study, genre, or specific author focus.
Literature is selected for both groups to read simultaneously and on a predetermined schedule.
Literature is selected from all genres and includes parallel cultures.
Literature is selected from several genres, countries, and time periods.
Literature is sent by mail.
Literature is sparse here too.
Literature is strewn with the wreckage of men who have minded beyond reason the opinions of others.
Literature is struggle.
Literature is studied by genre.
Literature is studied in depth and becomes the basis of research and writing assignments.
Literature is studied through the utilization of paperback books and anthologies.
Literature is studied to understand plot, analyze characters and compare various literary styles.
Literature is studied with emphasis ion cultural contexts.
Literature is studied with emphasis on cultural context.
Literature is studied with emphasis on cultural contexts.
Literature is suppose to give priority to the truth over esthetical values.
Literature is supposed to be the reflection of the national life.
Literature is supposed to entertain.
Literature is supposed to help people see things from different perspectives.
Literature is supposed to make one feel.
Literature is surveyed.
Literature is taught on a regular basis as well, both in the original and in English translation.
Literature is taught two hours per week in lectures and seminars.
Literature is that meeting-place.
Literature is the art of words.
Literature is the best way to prepare students for today's information age.
Literature is the creative expression of human experience.
Literature is the default database.
Literature is the direct result of an individual author's interpretation of that society.
Literature is the highest quality of language for any nation.
Literature is the illumination of human experience, good and bad.' is so very shallow.
Literature is the illumination of human experience, good and bad.
Literature is the journal of the feelings of the human race.
Literature is the lie that tells the truth.
Literature is the living link to minds of the past.
Literature is the most elaborate form of human expression and communication .
Literature is the orchestration of platitudes.
Literature is the question minus the answer.
Literature is the result of individual writers working individually.
Literature is the study of representation, ideas, language, and culture.
Literature is the study of the written word.
Literature is the top sector in terms of both sales and volume.
Literature is the totality of written messages that a society produces in whichever form it chooses.
Literature is the vehicle used to establish a bond of trust and friendship.
Literature is the writing of a time, a place, an era.
Literature is there to learn from other people's mistakes.
Literature is to be read.
Literature is too demanding to compete with TV, movies, the Net and other easy diversions.
Literature is treasured in Asia.
Literature is ultimately a result of language.
Literature is undeciphered.
Literature is used as a source and stimulant for written composition.
Literature is used by one person at a time.
Literature is used for a work of creative literature, such as a poem or short story.
Literature is used for education.
Literature is used for entertainment.
Literature is used for pleasure.
Literature is used for professors.
Literature is used for reading.
Literature is used for reads.
Literature is used for students.
Literature is used for studyings.
Literature is used for teachers.
Literature is used for teaching.
Literature is very important.
Literature is what is taught, that is all.
Literature is what the true reader finds it to be.
Literature is writing.
Literature is written to change our lives, Price asserts.
Literature is, first of all, to be experienced, to be enjoyed, to be appreciated, to be loved.
Literature isa written language.
Literature Leads the Way.
Literature Learn about our company, products and services, and commitment to investor success.
Literature Learn more about organ and tissue donations.
Literature Let's take a little journey to explore what children like to read.
Literature Look for literature on all levels that link to weather topics.
Literature makes people fornicating self- conscious and so violates the nature of the experience.
Literature makes something new of whatever has been real, and invents the rest.
Literature makes the content more enriching, more comprehensible, and more memorable.
Literature makes truth clearer and more portable.
Literature marches on.
Literature Matters Our bi-annual magazine, available online.
Literature means coaching books, articles, research articles, etc. where the skill is described.
Literature means nothing.
Literature Meet some interesting Spanish characters here.
Literature needs ofyouth.
Literature needs to be clean and crisp to deliver a clear message.
Literature now includes historiography, meta-fiction and biographies, to name a few.
Literature nowadays is a trade.
Literature nowadays shows a lack of convictions.
Literature nurtures the imagination, inspiring young minds to reach for new horizons.
Literature offers a prescription for educating more humane physicians.
Literature offers clues but never a complete answer.
Literature offers yet another explanation.
Literature opens up an awareness of society and culture.
Literature opens up landscapes that expand our relationship with personal and collective realities.
Literature ought to delight, instruct, and inspirit the reader.
Literature pertaining to mental health services for persons involved in agriculture is very useful.
Literature presupposes that humane actions are good and inhumane are evil.
Literature promoting abstinence until marriage is passed out.
Literature provided also contains a phone number for a detailed response to specific questions.
Literature provides a way for children to make mathematics learning much more personal.
Literature provides an important window through which to view the religious dimension of a culture.
Literature provides children ways to use their imagination.
Literature provides educational value for content area learning.
Literature provides experiences that are ordinarily inaccessible to children.
Literature provides many opportunities.
Literature provides students with a powerful context in which to write and to learn about writing.
Literature provides students with the language and tools to write.
Literature provides the first references.
Literature provides the incentive.
Literature published in the current year is added as soon as it is discovered.
Literature rack with magazines, newspapers and self-help pamphlets.
Literature ranges from duets to full flute choir.
Literature ranges from early jazz styles to contemporary jazz fusion.
Literature ranges from fables to classics like The Scarlet Letter .
Literature ranges from poems to short stories and creative essays.
Literature ranges from traditional university band repertoire to novelty compositions.
Literature Read the students the Greek myth about the Ceres, goddess of harvest.
Literature reflects a culture, defines a people.
Literature reflects the values of a society.
Literature regarding safety and crime prevention programs are available on request.
Literature regarding socioemotional outcomes is limited.
Literature reinforces the message.
Literature related to negotiation skills refers to negotiation as an activity with another person.
Literature related to the research questions is reviewed and a frame of reference is developed.
Literature related to the two questions is reviewed and a frame of reference is developed.
Literature relating to a caller's particular problem is sent whenever possible.
Literature reports many computer methods for enhancement of resolution of recorded signals.
Literature reports that no definitive evidence exists to link vaccines to all adverse effects.
Literature reports that vaccines have failed, been misreported, and have sometimes killed or maimed.
Literature Resources Everything from periodicals to books, to articles.
Literature resources The Children's Literature Web Guide.
Literature review A review of the significant secondary material on the subject.
Literature review a.
Literature review Any summary of the literature.
Literature review assignment for graduate students .
Literature review due at the beginning of class.
Literature review due in three weeks.
Literature review due.
Literature review first draft.
Literature review Forthcoming to Updates Click here to return to the Updates page.
Literature review on a selected research topic and development of a research proposal.
Literature review on a steel related topic.
Literature review on approaches to urban transportation planning.
Literature review on effectiveness of vegetation buffer strip.
Literature review on grassland fire response.
Literature review on soil fertility research in Nepal.
Literature review on use of non-wood plants fibers for building materials and panels.
Literature review on vehicle travel speeds and pedestrian injuries.
Literature review oral presentations.
Literature review underway.
Literature review Writing style .
Literature reviews pp.
Literature reviews present critical essays synthesizing research in a particular area.
Literature reviews present critical essays sythesizing research in a particular area.
Literature reviews present critical essays that survey and synthesize research in a particular area.
Literature reviews with interpretation by experienced scientists.
Literature s true gift is to help students broaden understanding of self and others.
Literature searches done by a patron are free.
Literature searches either by book title or jounal title.
Literature searches on effective presentation.
Literature searches to be conducted on an as-needed basis to support biomedical research program.
Literature searches to develop an understanding of the state of knowledge of vascular cell biology.
Literature searches where the commercial product is a database are acceptable.
Literature searching for prior art is easier than ever because of the Internet.
Literature See a list of recent publications.
Literature See also Early Printed Books and Music .
Literature See Art.
Literature seems to be an effective way to sell wine.
Literature shows that nosocomial transmission of head lice is rare but possible.
Literature speaks to the heart of the child.
Literature Start with a basic book or course on futures trading.
Literature stimulates imagination and encourages empathy.
Literature stylizes human experience by presenting characters and actions concretizing abstractions.
Literature suggests that clinical depression is a major public health problem.
Literature supports that manipulation for neuromusculoskeletal dysfunctions is effective.
Literature suspends or softens the obviously pedagogical into the aesthetic and the entertaining.
Literature takes a habit of mind that has disappeared.
Literature takes many forms, comes in many styles, but without accessibility, literature is at risk.
Literature teaches a sense of worth.
Literature tends to follow the same expectations.
Literature transcends time through recurrent images, character types and plot motifs.
Literature transforms things, experiences, and desires into words.
Literature transmits ideas, reflects societies and eras and expresses the human imagination.
Literature tries to mirror or in some way match the richness and complexity of actual experience.
Literature varies by campus.
Literature Vary by language, chronology, idiom, genre, and authorship.
Literature works .
Literature works that way.
Literature written from Christian perspectives and non-Christian perspectives is included.
Literature yields contradictory data on the onset and peak stages of efficacy.
Literature's always a good card to play.
Literature always anticipates life.
Literature frequently offers an escape from reality and is therefore an irresponsible use of life.
Literature often appears in the form of bedtime stories.
Literature often comes more alive when it is discussed candidly and casually.
Literature often covers heavy topics, but it leaves room for fun, too.
Literature often explores subjects that relevant to the study of world history, and vice versa.
Literature often has concordia as an ideal of marriage.
Literature often parallels the period of history being taught in social studies.
Literature usually means works of poetry and prose that are specially well written.
All literature concerning the area is perused.
All literature courses fulfill the general university core requirement in literature.
All literature draws on archetypes, but fantasy most of all.
All literature is also available in both pdf or html form.
All literature is also available in text-only format .
All literature is available at the campus branch.
All literature is available for download and is provided without charge to the recipient.
All literature is available free of charge.
All literature is available in English.
All literature is available, free of charge, from the Secretariat.
All literature is based on people who are elderly.
All literature is for vehicles sold in U.S. dealer showrooms.
All literature is gossip.
All literature is in English as well.
All literature is in English.
All literature is in pdf file format.
All literature is made up of a system of signs, and fiction is a kind of literature.
All literature is read in a cultural context.
All literature is read in translation.
All literature is sent to consumers free of charge.
All literature is shipped surface rate , which means it goes by ship, rather an air.
All literature is studied along with the American history, which influenced it.
All literature is subject to hermeneutical analysis.
All literature is written in the context of the Western Canon, with words that mean things.
All literature published is made available to members of the study circle at discounted prices.
Every literature is Indian and every language is Indian.
More literature is accessible in the form of audio dramas or poetry readings.
Most literature confirms that women are usually depicted in submissive roles as objects for men.
Most literature describes aspects.
Most literature emphasises the shy-flowering nature of cv.
Most literature is based on the nickel system.
Most literature is concerned with the uninfected equilibrium.
Most literature is provided in .pdf format.
Most literature recommends writing the correct answer before writing the distracters.
Most literature surviving from ancient Greece today is in the Attic or Ionic dialects.
Most literature used in geology is in English, except for a few compendia and manuals.
Much literature contains a rich source of material for character development.
Much literature indicates the importance for good nutrition in the older population.
Some literature describes disturbances.
Some literature describes photosynthesis.
Some literature does exist that addresses life expectancy in persons with severe disabilities.
Some literature focuses on roles.
Some literature is available in multiple language format.
Some literature is difficult for modern readers.
Some literature is included that is marginally relevant to the issue.
Some literature is written for a general audience, with no specific background or expertise.
Some literature provides evidence.
Some literature specifically mentions barley, cotton, corn, oats, rice, and wheat.
Some literature suggests hormonal levels differ by ethnicity.
Some literature suggests that women have developed healthier lifestyles than men.
Some literature supports the cause and effect of androgens and sex drive motivational activities.
Lithium atoms have shells.
Lithium atoms undergo optical transitions.
Lithium atoms undergo transitions.
Most lithium atoms have shells.
Most lithium atoms undergo optical transitions.
Most lithium atoms undergo transitions.
Lithium batteries offer performance unmatched by other types of batteries.
Lithium batteries work by shuttling lithium ions between the anode and cathode of the battery.
Some lithium compounds are used to make soap and grease.
Lithium ion batteries generate voltage.
Lithium salts are extracted from water in mineral springs , brine pools, and brine deposits.
Lithium toxicity can occur with normal serum lithium levels.
A lithium is metal
Lithium isa metal.
Lithium works better for patients with some elation and grandiosity accompanying their mania.
Lithium works by bringing various neurotransmitters in the brain into balance.
Lithiums have (part) atoms.
Some lithiums have low power.
Some lithiums have power.
Lithogenous sediment is A. derived from rock.
Lithogenous sediments are from continental masses or volcanic activity in the open ocean.
A lithograph is print
Lithographs are a form of planographic prints.
Lithographs are available at selected universities.
Lithographs are available.
Lithographs are duplicators.
Lithographs are for sale.
Lithographs are photographs or artists' drawings.
Lithographs are planographic prints.
Lithographs are print.
Lithographs differ from etchings, engravings, serigraphs, and woodcuts in materials and process.
Lithographs use the same process as printing a magazine.
All lithographs are Limited Edition Quantities, and are signed and numbered by the artist.
All lithographs feature the print title along the top and the artist's name along the bottom.
All lithographs shown are for sale.
Some lithographs can be extraordinarily complex.
Lithographed photos are acceptable and much, much cheaper than glossies.
A lithographer is a graphic artist
Lithographers make models look even hotter.
Lithographic applications require further studies on ion positioning mechanisms.
Lithographic crayons come in six different degrees of hardness.
Lithographic prints are available at the Regimental Store.
Lithography allows the artist freedom of line and fine detail.
Lithography is a key step in manufacturing integrated circuits.
Lithography is a planographic printing process.
Lithography is a planographic process and so no platemark is created when a lithograph is printed.
Lithography is a printing process in use throughout the world.
Lithography is a process of transferring circuit geometries to the silicon surface.
Lithography is a writing
Lithography is also hard work.
Lithography is an example.
Lithography is based on the chemical repellence of oil and water.
Lithography is done with special materials.
Lithography is incredibly fascinating, it has the highest leverage and most importance.
Lithography is printmaking.
Lithography is taught using lithographic stones and a variety of drawing materials.
Lithography is the most economical way to print high volumes of paper.
Lithography is the process by which computer chips are made.
Lithography is the process of laying down a pattern on a material, such as a flat piece of silicon.
Lithography is the process of using light to imprint transistors onto silicon wafers to make chips.
Lithography is two hundred years old.
Lithography literally means writing or drawing on stone.
Lithography seems to be a relatively easy form of printmaking.
A lithology is geomorphology
Lithologies consist of hemipelagic mud, sandy mud, and volcanic ash.
Lithology includes bedrock and surficial materials, texture, and weathering.
Lithology is marked mainly by chalk and limestone with some conglomerate.
Lithology is marked mainly by the blue-green and dolomite limestone.
Lithology varies both up section and along strike.
Any lithology can be a seal.
A lithomancer is a diviner
Lithomancers are diviners.
Lithomancers are the ultimate craftsmen.
Lithomancers make stuff and modify things.
Lithomancers naturally divide and define everything.
Lithomancers tend towards artistic callings.
A lithomancy is a fortune telling
Lithomancies are divination.
Lithomancy is all about order.
Lithomancy is divination by stones.
Lithomancy is divination by the examination of cast gemstones on black cloth.
A lithophyte is a rock plant
Lithophytes are orchids that grow on rocks or cliff faces.
Lithophytes are orchids that grow on rocks or in very little soil.
Lithophytes grow on rocks.
Lithophytic orchids grow in cracks in rocks.
Lithosperic plates move toward each other along convergent plate boundaries.
A lithosphere is a layer
Lithosphere is a term that has been used in a variety of ways by different authors.
Lithosphere is destroyed at trenches, which are another important type of boundary between plates.
Lithosphere is issued twice a year.
Lithosphere is the brittle uppermost shell of the earth, broken into a number of tectonic plates.
Lithosphere isa region.
Lithospheres affect biospheres.
Lithospheres are layers.
Lithospheres are part of earth.
Lithospheres are part of worlds.
Lithospheres have (part) asthenospheres.
Lithospheres have (part) crust.
Lithospheres have (part) gaps.
Lithospheres have (part) waters.
All lithosphere is composed of two layers of differing composition.
Most lithospheres affect biospheres.
Most lithospheres are part of worlds.
Lithospheric pieces are strong enough to behave as rigid plates, playing bumper cars.
Lithospheric plates move away from one another.
Lithospheric plates move away from the spreading center at divergent boundaries.
Lithostatic pressure drops as magma rises and it begins to boil.
Lithostatic pressure indices a stress in rocks.
Lithotomy position is used for female pelvic examination.
Lithuania isa thing.
Lithuanian farmers rear cattle, pigs, sheep and poultry.
Lithuanian law governs the contract.
Lithuanian nature is very beautiful.
Lithuanian officials decide to send Russia a note asking for an explanation.
Lithuanian pagans adapt their traditions to their circumstances.
Lithuanian riddles are usually witty and are often characterized by rhyme and rhythm.
Lithuanian servers catalog.
Lithuanian studies is the subject for accumulation.
Lithuanian textbooks discuss the Holocaust with scant information.
Lithuanian translation has a greater variety of different types.
Lithuanian uprising takes place.
A litigant is a party
Litigants are also free to select a mediator outside the court's list.
Litigants are highly appreciative of well-prepared judges.
Litigants are parties.
Litigants can choose to try civil cases in either system.
Litigants can then either opt to carry on with mediation or proceed to court.
Litigants come before it and make their case.
Litigants commonly talk about how much they have come to despise each other in the process.
Litigants have a fundamental constitutional right of meaningful access to the courts.
Litigants have a greater right to the evidence of fact witnesses.
Litigants incur no fees or sanctions for rejecting the arbitrator's nonbinding award.
Litigants strive to invoke a social memory and ignite the anger and emotions of the jury.
Litigants submit settlement offers to a password protected site.
Litigants submit settlement offers to a password-protected site.
Many litigants find the process mystifying, disempowering and unfair.
Many litigants misapprehend the role of appellate review.
Most litigants appear without an attorney.
Most litigants hire and pay their own attorneys.
Litigated divorces can run into the tens of thousands of dollars.
Litigated suits can take several months or worse to be concluded.
Litigation also can be a successful niche for a solo or small firm.
Litigation also invites litigants to avoid taking responsibility for their own lives.
Litigation appears in America over nuisances and damages from open discharge of gas house wastes.
Litigation appears inevitable.
Litigation appears long, expensive, and risky for both.
Litigation arises most often with persons unhappy with the outcome of their medical care.
Litigation arising from environmental concerns continues to increase.
Litigation arising from the Texas banking debacle continues.
Litigation Ask to see copies of any lawsuit papers and letters from any people threatening lawsuits.
Litigation becomes a mainstay to making the business work.
Litigation becomes an issue.
Litigation becomes less likely and success more likely.
Litigation begins when the plaintiff files a complaint and the defendant responds.
Litigation brings cost pressure to bear.
Litigation brings failures to the fore, as do congressional hearings.
Litigation can add stress to an already stressful situation.
Litigation can also be effective when used in combination with forum selection clause.
Litigation can also kill a deal.
Litigation can arise from fatigue-related accidents that occur on the job or during the drive home.
Litigation can be a form.
Litigation can be a frustrating and unpredictable process that is best avoided.
Litigation can be a luxury.
Litigation can be a nightmare for most people.
Litigation can be costly, time-consuming, and corrosive to all of the participants.
Litigation can be costly.
Litigation can be expensive and time consuming, and can ruin long term commercial relationships.
Litigation can be expensive and time consuming.
Litigation can be expensive.
Litigation can be prolonged, stressful and expensive.
Litigation can be unpredictable and expensive, even for the innocent.
Litigation can be untimely, costly, and counterproductive to an organization's mission.
Litigation can be very expensive in some jurisdictions.
Litigation can be very expensive.
Litigation can drain resources, sap morale or remove market advantages and dent the bottom line.
Litigation can end prior to trial or well after a trial and an appeal.
Litigation can get pretty down and dirty.
Litigation can involve multi-million dollar claims for single accidents.
Litigation can make things worse for parents and children.
Litigation can pose a special challenge in choosing the appropriate legal representation.
Litigation can prove to be a procedural minefield, particularly for one inexperienced in the field.
Litigation comprises half of the work in our New York office.
Litigation conduct technical analysis regarding accidents and serve as expert witness.
Litigation continues against the tobacco industry.
Litigation continues as to the remaining defendants and relief defendants.
Litigation continues as to the remaining nine defendants and four relief defendants.
Litigation continues as to the remaining nine defendants and three relief defendants.
Litigation continues to be a problem.
Litigation continues to be a staple of enforcement.
Litigation costs money, time, emotional effort, and stress.
Litigation does restrict behaviour, but in the worst possible way.
Litigation does tend to flow towards the biggest pots of money and the highest-profile targets.
Litigation drives research.
Litigation drives up the cost of insuring home builders.
Litigation ends if a settlement is reached.
Litigation expresses a chilling, Hobbesian vision of human nature.
Litigation follows the English model with evidence normally being given in person or by affidavit.
Litigation has disadvantages as well.
Litigation has even more adverse ramifications.
Litigation has the beneficial effect of deferring judgment.
Litigation heads the list of most opportunities.
Litigation includes complex issues before state and federal courts.
Litigation includes employers liability, road traffic, fire and insurance fraud claims.
Litigation increases each year.
Litigation involves a high degree of knowledge.
Litigation involves access rights, as well as discrimination in education, employment, and housing.
Litigation involves the filing of a motion for a court to consider a matter.
Litigation involves the use of the courts with each party retaining it s own legal representation.
Litigation is a blood sport.
Litigation is a challenge.
Litigation is a complex process, involving many participants.
Litigation is a complex process.
Litigation is a complicated matter.
Litigation is a cost of doing business.
Litigation is a cost that adds nothing to the bottom line.
Litigation is a costly process for all parties involved.
Litigation is a due process
Litigation is a growth field in probate and trust.
Litigation is a large factor.
Litigation is a last resort.
Litigation is a lengthy and costly exercise.
Litigation is a lengthy, costly and often destructive process to engage in in business.
Litigation is a major aspect of workers' compensation.
Litigation is a major portion of our practice.
Litigation is a poor interpreter of history and an imprecise instrument of public policy.
Litigation is a poor way to accomplish managed care reform.
Litigation is a powerful tool to hold a wrongdoer accountable.
Litigation is a procedure to resolve a dispute arising out of a variety of factual circumstances.
Litigation is a procedure to resolve a dispute.
Litigation is a resolution of disputes through the judicial system.
Litigation is a risky business.
Litigation is a secondary priority.
Litigation is a slow process.
Litigation is a small part of our work and undertaken only as a last resort.
Litigation is a specialty, and divorce work a specialty within litigation.
Litigation is a system designed to handle the one-off case.
Litigation is a tool often best used to force a favorable settlement.
Litigation is a very different specialty, handled by different lawyers.
Litigation is a viable option in protecting intellectual property.
Litigation is a virtual certainty.
Litigation is addressed very differently.
Litigation is almost always a result of imperfect risk management by one or both parties.
Litigation is also about service.
Litigation is also in order.
Litigation is also very expensive, while mediation is less costly and can take just half a day.
Litigation is always a last resort.
Litigation is always a possibility.
Litigation is an emotional roller coaster for a physician.
Litigation is both a means of protecting the rights of injured parties, and a means of education.
Litigation is carried out by litigators.
Litigation is complicated and expensive, and requires skilled lawyers on both sides.
Litigation is complicated, unpredictable, and expensive.
Litigation is complicated.
Litigation is considered one of the most expensive and time-consuming alternatives.
Litigation is costly and generally unpredictable in outcome.
Litigation is costly for all parties but sometimes unavoidable.
Litigation is costly, slow, and extremely stressful on all parties.
Litigation is costly, whether the claimant's suit is valid or ridiculous.
Litigation is costly.
Litigation is currently in process.
Litigation is deadline oriented.
Litigation is different.
Litigation is dominated by power hungry, manipulative egomaniacs.
Litigation is driven by deadlines and can be stressful, especially as trial date approaches.
Litigation is everything associated with trial depositions, motions, arguing before a jury, etc.
Litigation is expensive and risky.
Litigation is expensive and time consuming and can drain building resources.
Litigation is expensive and time consuming.
Litigation is expensive and time-consuming.
Litigation is expensive, aggravating, time consuming and stressful.
Litigation is expensive.
Litigation is extremely expensive.
Litigation is extremely time-consuming.
Litigation is focused on the past, and on establishing fault or guilt in order to win.
Litigation is generally a more costly and lengthy method of settling a dispute.
Litigation is handled by specific attorneys assigned to that case.
Litigation is in the very juice of Texas culture.
Litigation is in.
Litigation is increasings.
Litigation is inherently inefficient.
Litigation is intellectual warfare.
Litigation is likely.
Litigation is long and expensive, and the shareholders again foot the bill for both sides.
Litigation is long and expensive.
Litigation is lower among clinicians who have good communication skills.
Litigation is mentioned as a final recourse.
Litigation is more difficult and costly.
Litigation is more difficult for plaintiffs.
Litigation is no longer a part of their process.
Litigation is no longer the only avenue for dispute resolution.
Litigation is normally the responsibility of executive officials, subject to judicial supervision.
Litigation is now the last resort.
Litigation is often a lot of brinkmanship.
Litigation is often a necessary by-product of doing business.
Litigation is often multi-jurisdictional.
Litigation is often necessary.
Litigation is often the result of lack of foresight or planning ahead.
Litigation is often the result of poor paperwork and incomplete disclosures about the property.
Litigation is often the result.
Litigation is omnipresent.
Litigation is open to the public and documents, unless sealed by the court, become public documents.
Litigation is part of the process that preserves peace.
Litigation is pending.
Litigation is proceeding.
Litigation is pursued in both state and federal courts.
Litigation is really an extension of negotiation.
Litigation is risky and the only winners are the lawyers.
Litigation is so constant a feature in Mexican life that initiative is throttled.
Litigation is somehow improper and suspect.
Litigation is sometimes an unavoidable consequence of doing business.
Litigation is still pending.
Litigation is stressful as well as expensive.
Litigation is supposed to be extremely good at finding the truth.
Litigation is the art of communicating the client s point of view to a judge or jury.
Litigation is the civil alternative to fist-fighting, to armed insurrection, to war.
Litigation is the civil analogue of war.
Litigation is the least desirable solution for everyone.
Litigation is the major strength of the firm's practice.
Litigation is the primary tool that they use to promote progressive change.
Litigation is the process of seeking justice for injury through the courts.
Litigation is the study of the resolution of disputes in the context of our system of courts.
Litigation is the traditional and most formal method of dispute resolution.
Litigation is the traditional way of resolving commercial disputes.
Litigation is the use of a formal court system to settle disputes.
Litigation is their business, and they are comfortable with it.
Litigation is time and energy consuming for the parties.
Litigation is time consuming and stressful, so charge accordingly.
Litigation is time-consuming and costly.
Litigation is to be considered as a last resort.
Litigation is to be liberally construed from self represented litigants.
Litigation is uncertain by nature.
Litigation is unpredictable.
Litigation is very costly in terms of pain and suffering and expense.
Litigation is very costly, time-consuming, and can disrupt a person's life for many years.
Litigation is very expensive.
Litigation is wasteful, and the simpler the enforcement mechanisms, the better.
Litigation is what sells their product.
Litigation is worse.
Litigation is, more than ever before, perceived as out of control.
Litigation is, quite simply, the most expensive way of resolving a dispute.
Litigation lasts twenty years.
Litigation only addresses a certain error in a certain place at a certain time.
Litigation pending in other states is likely to follow the same pattern.
Litigation perpetuates uncertainty.
Litigation proceeds slowly, with long gaps in decisions.
Litigation promised by oil and gas companies has a sound basis in the law.
Litigation refers to the resolution of a dispute by law suit or court action.
Litigation regarding certain of the issues set forth below is ongoing.
Litigation related to the dot-com crash is one hot niche.
Litigation releasing parties offset.
Litigation remains an adversarial process.
Litigation remains pending against the bar which provided the minor's alcohol.
Litigation remains the core of our practice.
Litigation resulting from negative reference checks is on the rise.
Litigation seduces people into fantasizing that there are magic solutions to their problems.
Litigation seeking to extend the listing to still more streams is pending.
Litigation serves to elevate issues in dispute to a legal forum.
Litigation starts with an accusation.
Litigation takes a great personal and financial toll.
Litigation takes place in the public arena of the courts with the goal of resolving disputes.
Litigation takes place.
Litigation takes the place of sex at middle age.
Litigation takes years.
Litigation tends to foster polarized thought processes.
Litigation tends to further enhance polarization.
Litigation then becomes a very real possibility.
Litigation then can become a tool of extortion.
Litigation upholding teacher authority is reviewed.
Litigation often involves the settlement of a dispute and the agreement of the amount of a claim.
All litigation has risk.
All litigation is serious, especially when there is a death.
Any litigation is time consuming, distracting and very likely expensive.
Any litigation tends to harden peoples' feelings.
Most litigation never leaves the trial court.
Some litigation is inevitable.
Some litigation revolves around allegations of poor management decisions.
A litigator is a party
Litigators are all too keenly aware that the courthouse door swings more easily inward than outward.
Litigators are the scariest type of lawyers.
Litigators have to assess the lending processes of each financial institution.
Litigators ignore developments here at their peril.
Litigators know just how important it is to know exactly whom they are up against.
Litigators resolve far more disputes through negotiation than by trials.
Litigators spend tremendous time talking and thinking about how to win cases.
Litigators tend to be more verbal whereas corporate attorneys seem to be more analytical.
Every litigator keeps paper documents in binders.
Many litigators approach mediation in a competitive manner.
Many litigators can learn a lot from a hockey game.
Many litigators obtain better results by concentrating their marketing efforts on a specific target.
Many litigators prefer retired judges.
Most litigators celebrate a big win by dropping a fortune on steaks at Morton s.
Litigious adolescent crusades against school dress code on behalf of garment-oppressed youth.
Litigious adolescent struggles to find love, only to lose it over a contract dispute.
Litmus paper can be red or blue.
Litmus paper changes color to reflect the acidity or alkalinity of a substance.
Litmus paper is a common indicator.
Litmus paper is a simple, easy to use and suitable acid- base indicator.
Litmus paper is an example of an acid-base indicator commonly used in the middle school laboratory.
Litmus paper is an indicator that is often used to determine the pH of a solution.
Litmus paper is available in both red and blue varieties.
Litmus paper is difficult to use and interpret.
Litmus paper is located in chemistry labs.
Litmus paper is one of the most commonly used indicators.
Litmus paper is paper treated with the dye.
Litmus paper is paper
Litmus paper is paper.
Litmus paper is the most recognized member of chemical indicators.
Litmus paper is used the most.
Litmus paper shows that acid is present by turning red .
Litmus paper turns blue when exposed to a base .
Litmus paper turns blue when it is dipped in a base and pink when it is dipped in acid.
Litmus paper turns red in acidic solutions and blue in basic solutions.
Litmus paper turns red in acids and blue in bases.
Litmus paper uses a lichen-derived dye.
Litmus paper uses indicator chemicals, which are combined with a special absorbent paper.
A litmus test is a test
Litmus tests are examinations.
Litmus tests are reactive in the worse way.
Litmus tests do precisely the opposite.
Litmus tests impede judicial independence and undermine our ability to select the best judges.
Litmus isa material.
Litmus isa stuff.
A litre is a metric
Litre isa unit.
Litres are part of hls.
Litres have (part) centiliters.
Litres have (part) cls.
Every litre produces greenhouse gases that are harmful to the Earth and humans.
Most litres are part of hls.
A litter basket is a bin
Litter baskets are the primary containers used for collection of waste in public places.
Litter bins are available on each floor for pencil shavings, discarded paper and any other refuse.
Litter bins are available throughout the park, and the park is in general clean and tidy.
Litter boxes are a problem too.
Litter boxes are attractive.
Many litter boxes are too short.
Most litter boxes are tiny, and kitties have to crunch up to get things into the sand.
Some litter boxes have a removable cover.
Litter receptacles keep potential litter in the solid waste management system.
Litter size depends on factors.
Litter size increases during time.
Litter tray slides out for easy cleaning.
Litter affects plant growth and community structure.
Litter attracts more litter as people throw trash in places where litter has already accumulated.
Litter begets litter, and then a community suffers.
Litter begets litter.
Litter blows around, people spit in the streets and the whole place is a kind of dirty grey colour.
Litter blows through the streets, which are alive with people going about their business.
Litter boxes out.
Litter can be a precursor to systemic community decline in a wide range of categories.
Litter can be a problem in some areas of Mexico.
Litter can be a problem sometimes.
Litter can be clay or clumping.
Litter can be dangerous to people and wildlife.
Litter can be fatal to wildlife.
Litter can be very harmful to wildlife.
Litter can block drains and cause minor flooding.
Litter can cause neighborhoods to look rundown, contributing to declining property values.
Litter can wash into storm drains that go to rivers and streams.
Litter can wash through creeks into our drinking water supply.
Litter causes fires and smoke, which are dangerous and cause train delays.
Litter contains many plant nutrients that are beneficial to soils.
Litter continues to damage the environment, worldwide.
Litter contributes to the pollution that affects many animals' habitat components.
Litter covers the streets.
Litter decomposes readily to humus.
Litter destroys the natural aesthetics of any city, no matter how beautiful the parks.
Litter detracts from the scenic beauty of our highways.
Litter discourages economic development because it impacts real estate values.
Litter discourages tourism.
Litter does cause severe accidents.
Litter dots the sidewalk.
Litter drives down property values, and is a deterrent to new business and tourism.
Litter drops and is again turned into humus, and other species begin to grow.
Litter enhances manure fertility.
Litter hurts people.
Litter impacts car insurance rates because thousands of auto accidents are litter-related.
Litter is a behavior problem caused by disrespect for the environment.
Litter is a breeding ground for fire and disease.
Litter is a breeding ground for rats and disease causing bacteria.
Litter is a constant problem in some play areas.
Litter is a costly as well as an unsightly problem.
Litter is a danger to our wildlife, our safety, and our economy.
Litter is a first source of complaints by the general public for many cruisy places.
Litter is a greater social evil than most people realise.
Litter is a key area of community concern.
Litter is a major concern.
Litter is a major continuing problem, particularly in cities and towns and on beaches.
Litter is a major problem along our waterways.
Litter is a major problem.
Litter is a major threat to marine life.
Litter is a problem around the huts and ski lifts.
Litter is a problem that can be controlled.
Litter is a problem, particularly in the poorer areas where solid waste disposal is lacking.
Litter is a problem.
Litter is a product put in the bottom of the cage or litter box to absorb wastes.
Litter is a very subjective matter, and there is no clear winner.
Litter is a word for many newborn animal groups.
Litter is actually a valuable fertilizer.
Litter is also a common cause of marine equipment failures.
Litter is also a concern.
Litter is also expensive.
Litter is an animal group
Litter is an eyesore and a disappointment to park visitors.
Litter is an ongoing problem.
Litter is an ugly habit and it is illegal.
Litter is animal groups.
Litter is as varied as the environments where it's found.
Litter is blown about by the wind and traffic, or carried by water.
Litter is blown about by wind and traffic or carried by water.
Litter is cause by people.
Litter is changed and night medications are dispensed.
Litter is cleaned three times daily.
Litter is collected biweekly and sorted, dried and weighed.
Litter is confounded with treatment.
Litter is costly and increasing in the national forest.
Litter is dangerous.
Litter is deadly to wildlife, especially marine animals.
Litter is dry and easy to handle.
Litter is everywhere.
Litter is expensive.
Litter is good.
Litter is high in nitrogen and corn uses much of the nutrient.
Litter is illegal.
Litter is just another word for trash.
Litter is left behind by all aspects of society.
Litter is lethal.
Litter is loaded into feed hoppers with a front-end loader.
Litter is located in airports.
Litter is located in buses.
Litter is located in forests.
Litter is located in ground.
Litter is located in parks.
Litter is located in roadsides.
Litter is located in street corners.
Litter is misplaced trash or solid waste.
Litter is misplaced, improperly handled waste.
Litter is now five weeks old.
Litter is one of the most visable forms of stormwater pollution.
Litter is one of the most visible signs of pollution in the community.
Litter is one of the primary reasons for the passage of most bottle bill laws.
Litter is out of control and nothing else seems to work.
Litter is picked up two times per year.
Litter is removed and spread or stockpiled for later application.
Litter is removed rather than being buried.
Litter is serious business.
Litter is smelly and dirty and can be dangerous and unhealthy for our environment.
Litter is something that can have a serious effect on the image of a school.
Litter is sufficient to bridge most open areas.
Litter is the most visible sign of environmental pollution.
Litter is thrown into farm fields, ruining crops.
Litter is to be removed from the vehicle by the passenger and placed in public litter receptacles.
Litter is transported into storm drains and often ends up in area rivers and bodies of water.
Litter is ugly and makes neighborhoods ugly, too.
Litter is ugly.
Litter is uncommon because packaging of food and other commodities is minimal.
Litter is unpleasant and encourages rats and mice, wasps and disease.
Litter is unsightly and can be dangerous to animals.
Litter is unsightly and dangerous.
Litter is unsightly and ruins the park experience for everyone.
Litter is unsightly, it can hurt animals, and littering is against the law.
Litter is used on the floor, in the nestboxes and on the droppings board.
Litter is very important, never use a clumping litter or a very dusty litter.
Litter is waste that is out of place.
Litter is widespread in the countryside as well as in streets and towns.
Litter isa group.
Litter kills or injures animals.
Litter kills our wildlife.
Litter knows no boundaries and our cleanup efforts reflect that fact.
Litter lines the roadways of our country.
Litter looks ugly, and it can have serious consequences for livestock and wildlife.
Litter lowers property values.
Litter pollutes creeks and rivers, posing a hazard to health and killing wildlife.
Litter pollutes the land and waterways in Kansas and can be harmful to people and animals.
Litter poses health hazards to the wildlife in the marsh and creek.
Litter promotes germination and establishment of seedlings.
Litter provides a breeding ground for disease-carrying rats and other insects.
Litter provides a breeding places for rodents, snakes, insects and disease.
Litter rack A stormwater control device for capturing sediment and rubbish.
Litter rebuilds a soil's structure making it less erodible and more able to absorb and hold water.
Litter receptacles from recycled plastic.
Litter remains one of the most pressing problems in less-privileged communities.
Litter reports closely match the format of the fill-in sheets for the major registries.
Litter serves as a major pathway for nutrient recycling.
Litter spoils trails and their surroundings.
Litter spoils water quality .
Litter stored in uncovered piles can wash off when it rains, filling streams with harmful bacteria.
Litter travels through drains and waterways to bays and oceans where it enters the water system.
Litters also vary in size, some reaching up to fourteen babies in one litter.
Litters are also temperament tested and gun tested many times over.
Litters are available at various times through the year.
Litters are born in the early summer.
Litters are dropped in a nest constructed of grasses and other vegetation.
Litters are generally small, with just two young being the most common.
Litters are often small.
Litters are usually small, from one to four babies.
Litters are usually two to four cubs.
Litters average about a little over four per cat.
Litters average about five pups.
Litters average four to five young.
Litters average four young each, but vary from two to six.
Litters born late in the season tend to be larger than litters born in the spring.
Litters can be anywhere from One to Eight pups which means.
Litters can be quite large with more than fifteen newborns.
Litters can contain from one to nine pups, but usually consist of around six.
Litters can contain one to nine pups, but two to four is the usual number.
Litters can range from four to twelve.
Litters can vary from one or two puppies to eight or nine.
Litters consist of anywhere between one and six cubs.
Litters contain a single young.
Litters contain from one to four kittens, and tend to be much larger when prey is abundant.
Litters contain one or two young.
Litters contain one to eight young, the average being about three or four.
Litters contain one to four young.
Litters contain one to four, usually two, young.
Litters contain two to four young.
Litters contain two to six young.
Litters made of recycled plant fibers and recycled news print are also good.
Litters normally vary from two to three young.
Litters number up to six but usually average two to four.
Litters range from one to five, averaging about three.
Litters range from one to four young, with about two the average.
Litters range from one to six, generally two or three.
Litters range from one to three cubs but usually only one survives.
Litters range from one to three cubs, but usually only one survives.
Litters range from two to eight.
Litters require from one to six weeks of care.
Litters resulting from the first breeding are usually very small.
Litters sell before whelp date.
Litters typically contain two to three cubs, which are born blind and with white fur.
Litters vary from three to eight mice.
Litter often ends up floating in the ocean or washing up on our beaches.
Litters often become intolerant of each other and disperse at around seven weeks.
Litters often number more than the available teats.
Litters usually average five to six young.
Litters usually average three to five offspring per female.
Litters usually consist of a single offspring, but twins occasionally occur.
Litters usually consist of two to four young.
Litters usually consist of two young, born after a five-month gestation period.
Litters usually consist of two young, often one male and one female.
Litters usually contain five to seven young.
Litters usually contain two young but sometimes have one or three.
Litters usually number four to six pups.
All litter is beautifull.
All litter is to be taken out by the users.
All litters are home raised and properly socialized.
All litters are the same price.
Every litter adds to the surplus.
Every litter hurts a bit.
Every litter is a little different from the previous one.
Every litter is well socialized and is introduced to both water and birds.
Every litter matters.
More litter boxes for around the house.
Most litter is simply carrier bags and wrappers from goods.
Most litters are between four and six kittens.
Most litters are two or three cubs.
Most litters contain two to four kittens.
Most litters have two to four kittens.
Some litter covers have charcoal filters that further reduce odor.
Some litters are extremely vocal.
Some litters are loud, some are completely silent.
Some litters have no runts while others have one or more.
Some litters take to lapping the food right away.
Many litterary references sugest their continued use.
A litterateur is an author
Litterateurs are like family members.
A litterbug is a slob
Litterbugs do serve a purpose.
Litterbugs take warning.
Littermate controls have long, straight vibrissae.
LitterMate products are the most revolutionary ever developed for cat fanciers.
Little acts illustrate their affection for each other.
Little acts mean a lot to a student with very little hope.
Little action occurs and there is no true sense of menace to the main characters.
Every little action counts.
Every little action has it's own little beep or growl.
Every little action seems to be an expression of a greater religious purpose.
Little activity is observed over the eastern part of the basin.
Little adaptation is needed for most sailors with limb deficiency.
Little adjustments are all that is needed.
Little adjustments make a big difference.
Little adornment mars the outside.
Little adults are there.
Little advance is made.
Little advantage is gained by insisting on fulfilling the term when there is no enthusiasm for it.
Little advertising is done as most endorsements are word of mouth.
Little agreement exists on how to measure the environmental effects of agriculture.
Little agreement exists on the standards to certify coaches.
Little alga has a big place in global climate.
Any little amount helps.
Little analysis is evident in the writing.
Little analysis is necessary.
Little animals are more abundant than big flashy things such as fish and crayfish.
Little animals are so innocent and precious.
Many little animals are there also.
Some little animals are quite comfortable sharing their home with other, bigger animals.
Little animations pop up and out.
Little antennas are also better for hand-held applications.
Little antennas are always intriguing, but big ones, too, have appeared.
Little archery win key after stiff, or farmer turned our.
Little arrows provide the user with a means of increasing or decreasing values in a series.
Little art is truly original.
Little attempt is made to appeal to learners.
Little attempt is made to assimilate the two cultures.
Little attempt is made to connect the reintroduced topic to the discussion surrounding it.
Little attempt is made to correct mechanical errors.
Little attempt is made to determine prior art.
Little attempt is made to hide an illegal activity which requires much sunlight.
Little attempt is made to humanize Yemeni people.
Little attempt is made to integrate material and experience.
Little attempt is made to preserve the illusion of real time or real space.
Little attempt is made to tie theory to practice.
Little attention is directed to preserving the means of producing new species.
Little attention is directed to their mental problems.
Little attention is given by teens and young adults regarding the hazards of tanning beds.
Little attention is given to changing learning strategies.
Little attention is given to character development.
Little attention is given to Colombia's growing multitude of internally displaced persons.
Little attention is given to component layout, line work and lettering.
Little attention is given to crafting a coherent public realm.
Little attention is given to developing same sex families.
Little attention is given to groundfish species in southern California.
Little attention is given to how the lesson fits into a unit of work.
Little attention is given to institutional or social interactionist currents in sociology.
Little attention is given to Japan and to Russia or Korea.
Little attention is given to the annual problem of missing husbands during the football season.
Little attention is given to the content of the museums.
Little attention is given to the rights and history of the Eritrean people.
Little attention is given to the social, ethical, and spiritual dimensions of money.
Little attention is given to the soul in our techno-centered society.
Little attention is given to the value that is added by the inclusion of technology.
Little attention is paid to arithmetic computations.
Little attention is paid to description or factual memorization.
Little attention is paid to earth-shaking events, and even less attention is paid to politics.
Little attention is paid to how important cum is to many men, for instance.
Little attention is paid to how the site actually works and to customer care.
Little attention is paid to intrapsychic or unconscious forces.
Little attention is paid to methods and materials, and a poor cement job is the result.
Little attention is paid to orientation or passive solar design.
Little attention is paid to smoke detectors until tragedy strikes.
Little attention is paid to technology as such, since that has changed radically many times.
Little attention is paid to the athletes' personal lives.
Little attention is paid to the blade, and some blades are even made of nickel-plated brass.
Little attention is paid to the medium of communication.
Little attention is paid to the potential a new employee has on generating income.
Little attention is paid to the profitability of the superstructures themselves.
Little attention is paid to the rule of law.
Little authority filters down to district or community level.
Little babies are high most of the time.
Little babies begin life.
Little babies can do things without thinking that require pages and pages of equations to describe.
Little babies can look at all of the animals and parents and teachers can enjoy it also.
Little babies can sleep in the lying down position, while larger babies can hip straddle.
Little babies have good time.
Little babies have time.
Little babies like to be thrown into the air and caught again.
Little baby bunnies, And little ducklings too.
Little baby coughs, but still.
Little baby steps all the way down the mountain.
Most little babies begin life.
Most little babies have good time.
Most little babies have time.
Little balance is reflected among print, software, and electronic resources.
Little balls can be a powerful thing, especially when they are making their way though pipes.
Little balls can be a powerfull thing, especially when they are making their way though pipes.
Little balls guide the rythym-challenged, and striking the occasional pose is also part of the game.
Some little balls have power.
Little barley is barley
Little barley is the only other important host in Georgia.
Little baseball spreads wrap Christian neither more, hence beef ship someone.
Little bass have a pretty tough time.
Little bastards are typically independent, and a touch cynical.
Little bastards breed like rabbits . . . .
Little Bay has sandy bottom.
Little Bay is mostly grass flats with the channel circling the western shore.
Little Bay is one of the most famous beaches in Anguilla and one of the smallest.
Little Bay is protected by a cove of high cliffs.
Little Bay is right around the corner.
Little Bay offers excellent snorkeling with many schools of fish.
Little Beach is enclosed in a more private cove setting.
Little Beach is isolated, and yet a lot of people use it.
Little Beach is sheltered from the southerlies, great spot for bream.
Little beans are big on flavor Beans are overflowing the tables at Metro Detroit farm markets.
Little Bears are compact and easy to take anywhere.
Little bears are embroidered on the front of their outfits.
Little Bears are the most functional and indestructible snowshoes available.
Little Bears excel in steep, broken, brush covered terrain.
Little Bears have no tail to drag, so kids can easily walk backwards and sideways.
Little bedding is used in dens.
Little benefit is gained by feeding more often than twice a day.
Little birds are quite capable of making a big mess, but big birds are really talented at it.
Little birds have ability.
Little birds have bills.
Little birds have senses.
Little birds have to encounter great dangers.
Little birds undertake journeys.
Little birds undertake long journeys.
Little birds weave ribbons around the edges.
Many little birds are homeless on the burnt prairie.
Most little birds have ability.
Most little birds have bills.
Most little birds have senses.
Most little birds undertake journeys.
Most little birds undertake long journeys.
Some little birds have bands.
Little bits are much more interesting.
Any little bit helps out.
Any little bit helps, whether it's a single dollar or a hundred dollars.
Any little bit helps.
Every little bit adds up to a big difference for the environment.
Every little bit adds up to a great whole.
Every little bit adds up to a lot.
Every little bit adds up.
Every little bit can help.
Every little bit can make a difference.
Every little bit does help.
Every little bit goes a long, long way.
Every little bit helps . . .
Every little bit helps and contributions are tax deductable.
Every little bit helps and goes toward helping students build themselves professionally.
Every little bit helps and it all adds up.
Every little bit helps and one mans garbage is another mans treasure.
Every little bit helps and the food pantry can always use the food.
Every little bit helps and works together for our good.
Every little bit helps build the Memorial.
Every little bit helps during a time when it's hard to distinguish night from day.
Every little bit helps especially for smaller communities.
Every little bit helps keep things going.
Every little bit helps no matter what.
Every little bit helps save our Earth.
Every little bit helps there.
Every little bit helps to drive sales, particularly with consumers and small businesses.
Every little bit helps to give all faiths their right to grow and prosper as they see fit.
Every little bit helps when a species is on the verge of extinction.
Every little bit helps when trying to jump-start a listing ship.
Every little bit helps, and is a building block to doing more.
Every little bit helps, and it's never too late.
Every little bit helps, because it all adds up.
Every little bit helps, but big bucks are desperately needed.
Every little bit helps, from money to labor, from office equipment to computers.
Every little bit helps, no matter what.
Every little bit helps, please stop by and contribute.
Every little bit helps, so recycle and refrain from using disposables whenever possible.
Every little bit helps. . .
Every little bit helps.
Every Little bit helps.
Every Little Bit Helps.
Every little bit is a blessing.
Every little bit is needed.
Every little bit makes a difference.
Every little bit makes a world of difference.
Every little bit plays a part, and every little role counts.
Every little bits helps and all donations are welcomed.
Little bites are better.
Little blisters form upon the eye.
Little blood is spilled, and when there is a death, everybody is truly appalled.
Little blue herons have plumages.
Little blue herons have white plumages.
Little blues are native to the coastal waters and islands of Australia and New Zealand.
Little bluestem begins growth in late spring after cool-season grasses have already developed.
Little bluestem grows waist high in areas drier than big bluestem.
Little bluestem has a very high ratio of fertile to vegetative stems.
Little bluestem is a warm-season grass that requires drier conditions and is drought tolerant.
Little bluestem is also a type of grass.
Little bluestem is important on sloping and thin soils.
Little bluestem is more drought resistant than big bluestem.
Little bluestem is one of the most widely distributed native grasses in North America.
Little bluestem is present, with variable cover.
Little bluestem is similar but has numerous tuffs per stem and is much taller.
Little bluestem is the dominant grass species.
Little bluestem is the dominant grass.
Little bluestem is used in low maintenance beds on campus.
Little bluestem starts growth in the spring with only a few leaves but then fills out rapidly.
Little bluestems are grass.
Little boxes plug into wall sockets.
More little boxes plug into computers.
Little boy belongs to the trash man's got a long way to go.
Little boy demands breakfast.
Little boy needs a baby sitter.
Little boy runs out of bathroom.
Little boys act as nurses as well as sisters.
Little boys are a pretty good reality-check for righteousness.
Little boys are adorable, after all.
Little boys are creepy.
Little boys are generally less enthusiastic then girls when it comes to participating.
Little boys are nuclear weapons.
Little boys are perfectly fine about sharing their toys.
Little boys are very forgiving people.
Little boys are weapons.
Little boys begin wrestling with daddy when they're very small.
Little boys can climb.
Little boys can run.
Little boys can smell fear.
Little boys dash through.
Little boys do.
Little boys don' t have to grow up.
Little boys face a problem very similar to that of high-tech executives.
Little boys fly a boca-boca , a small square piece of paper on a short string.
Little boys have a small penis that usually points almost straight out.
Little boys have a way of wiggling themselves into a mother's heart.
Little boys have no use for little girls - and vice versa.
Little boys have to learn to be men.
Little boys have to learn to pee standing up.
Little boys have to prove that they are better than others as a matter of survival.
Little boys hold guns all the time.
Little boys love it.
Little boys love rough housing and catching snakes.
Little boys make eye contact less often than little girls in studies.
Little boys nods.
Little boys raise in homes.
Little boys receive symbols of fertility in the form of lightning bolts, indicating rain.
Little boys run along a creek bed chasing frogs.
Little boys struggling under the burden of heavy gear bags enter the frigid rink.
Little boys tease little girls.
Little boys think that everyone has a penis.
Little boys think things like that.
Little boys try to walk and talk just like their dads.
Little boys utilize element methods.
Little boys utilize methods.
All little boys are nice until they get older.
Every little boy needs a girl.
Every little boy wants to be a pilot.
Most little boys bother the girls they really like.
Most little boys like to play with tractors and wagons.
Most little boys love and revere their mothers.
Most little boys raise in homes.
Most little boys utilize element methods.
Most little boys utilize methods.
Some little boys are rushed to hospitals.
Some little boys find seeds.
Some little boys speak early and fluently.
Some little boys use guns.
Little breadroot grows in rocky or sandy soils.
Every little breeze carries a dream.
Little bridges connect the houses and sometimes span the river.
Little brooks make great rivers.
A little brother is a brother
Little brother is anxious and friendless.
Little brother organizes as the loads are moved inside by the able crew.
Little brothers are bands.
Little brothers are brothers.
Little brothers get families.
Most little brothers get families.
Some little brothers change life.
Some little brothers get business.
Little brown birds have bills.
Little browns have strong jaws and teeth, and short necks.
Little bubbles rise from the bottom and burst into the air at the surface.
Little buds grow into plants.
Most little buds grow into plants.
Little buddies learn from their big buddies who take the responsibility of mentoring very seriously.
Little bugs stick to the leaves and slowly dissolve.
Some little bugs produce light.
Little buggers can be sneaky.
Little building appears to have taken place.
Little building is left to be completed in the boundary.
Little bullets can be just fine.
Little bullies get massive penalties.
Little bunnies have sharp teeth, the better to gnaw through electrical wiring with.
Every little bunny Has a habit that is funny.
Little bushes line the front of the house like police officers closing in on a robbery.
Little butts shake and roll.
Every little byte helps.
Little canals form the perimeters for the elongated stretches of land.
Every little canyon is full of rushing water.
Little cars have big disadvantages in crashes.
Little care is given to the needs and convenience of the public-small wonder so few show up.
Little care is required.
Little Cases have open dates, close dates and dispositions.
Little cases have shorter lives than the Big Family Case.
Little Cases result from an incident, or the follow up to an incident.
Little cassava is traded internationally to or from the Americas.
Little cats are white and black soft.
Little cats make good pets.
Little causes can thus elicit huge effects.
Little celebration is planned in Baghdad for the anniversary of the start of the Persian Gulf war.
Little chalets make great hiking destinations.
Little change is anticipated in the output in other countries of the region.
Little change is estimated for winter precipitation.
Little change is needed after that unless some other visual problem develops.
Little change is needed.
Little change is projected for precipitation.
Little change is projected for summer.
Little change is proposed for third year.
Little change is seen in daily persistence.
Little change occurs in the popovers.
Little changes accomplish a lot.
Little changes add up for a big difference in new savings plans.
Little changes add up to big nutritional gains.
Little changes add up to big rewards over time.
Little changes are envisaged.
Little changes are indications of big changes, and every little change counts.
Little changes are tough.
Little changes can make a big difference.
Little changes can mean a lot.
Little changes make a big difference.
Every little change disrupts everything .
Many little changes add up to a big improvement over time.
Many little changes can make a big difference in survival with gastrointestinal cancer surgery.
Some little chaps save life.
Little character appear mightily, as many mice along the thirst block.
Little chassis roll The chassis to be unforgiving and overly sensitive to the driver.
Little chefs hold spoons.
Little chefs hold wooden spoons.
Most little chefs hold wooden spoons.
Some little chicks get bands.
Little chickens fighting playfully is cute.
Little child fits the earlier birth imagery.
Little children are afraid of people wearing masks.
Little children are an open door with the gospel into the lives of adults.
Little children are completely dependent on parents for everything.
Little children are easy prey for the wicked one.
Little children are helpless and vulnerable.
Little children are hopelessly unsanitary.
Little children are masters at healing hurt.
Little children are masters at releasing hurt.
Little children are natural scientists.
Little children are naturally responsive to light and love.
Little children are pure in heart.
Little children are so full of joy, laughter, love and much more.
Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.
Little children are the epitome of love.
Little children are the only ones with the enthusiasm to run.
Little children are very prompt to show their character.
Little children are very trusting, dependent, innocent, and loving.
Little children barefoot in slimy green water.
Little children become like the environment they live in.
Little children become shrill with shovefuls of glee.
Little children believe that their parents are the best people in the world.
Little children can dictate an entry and then draw a picture of their report.
Little children can easily see their toys and books in the clear, plastic compartments.
Little children can learn so much about art.
Little children can swing, slide, and play in the sand box.
Little children choke on the country's deadliest smog and are cruelly denied health insurance.
Little children cover their ears.
Little children desire play.
Little children don t like being alone when they see nothing but darkness.
Little children follow and obey their father.
Little children go with a divining rod from house to house and say a short poem.
Little children have a brain that soaks up like a sponge.
Little children have a simple humble trust.
Little children have an implicit trust in their parents.
Little children have eternal life.
Little children have food in their hands at some time during the day.
Little children have no mind.
Little children have relatively high energy needs but small stomachs.
Little children have small minds.
Little children jump with glee -jump up and down.
Little children laugh and play, on a snowy winter's day.
Little children leaf through the pages, eyes brightening as they find a picture or a drawing.
Little children learn about red, blue and green almost as soon as they can talk.
Little children learn language along with everything else they are learning.
Little children learn languages, especially their own, with astonishing ease.
Little children learn things very fast.
Little children like to bop their dogs, or pull on their coats or chase the dog around a room.
Little children like to express themselves.
Little children like to make up stories about themselves, using their own names.
Little children live in nations.
Little children make messes.
Little children move too fast already.
Little children qualify as gnomon.
Little children romp and tease, Butterflies glide on the breeze.
Little children run around playing with the mounds of paper that are left behind the marching bands.
Little children run to their parents when they are afraid.
Little children say they want to grow up to be firefighters.
Little children seem to age in a few hours.
Little children talk a lot.
Little children tend to draw our focus.
Little children tend to put their mouths on the carpet.
Little children trust their parents' word.
Little children wash their hands and feet with hot water.
Most little children are simple.
Most little children live in nations.
Most little children make messes.
Some little children love lambs.
Some little children love little lambs.
Many little chuckles is better than one huge gaffaw.
Little churches trust people more.
Little City is a lot of fun and a relatively unappreciated place.
Little City is just the bee's knees.
Little City is relatively small for an urban district.
Little City showcases the creative self-expression of artists with developmental disabilities.
Little clipping is required.
Little cliques abound.
Little clocks tick faster, tick tock, tick, tock, tick, tock, tick, tock.
Little cloud become open.
Little colloid is visible.
Little commentary is provided through details.
Little commonality is present in the patterns amongst the ten channels.
Little companies can offer things to the end user that bigger companies can t.
Little compassion is found in family, church, or medicine.
Little competition exists for height within the habitat.
Little competition exists in our market.
Little competitions reinforce vocabulary and pronunciation.
Little computation brings defeat.
Little concern is given to quality, care or socialisation of the animals.
Little concern is shown for the many other things a patient of chemo can experience.
Little concern is there for analysis of causal sequences of failure mechanisms.
Little concern regarding merger mania Big-time takeovers are now the norm.
Little consensus exists among child psychiatrists and other professionals.
Little consensus exists on a precise model.
Little consideration is given for the individual or innovative thought.
Little consideration is given to health status among local residents.
Little consideration is given to the gods of other religions.
Little consideration is given to the worth of the stay at home parent.
Little consideration is given to their appearance during the winter months.
Little consideration seems to have been given to the aesthetic element of arborial areas.
Little considerations do go a long way.
Every little constraint helps.
Many little consultations are vastly preferable to fewer large ones.
Little container holds a lifetime of important medical information.
Little content meets the needs of a school audience.
Little contradictions are par for the course.
Little contributions add up.
Little control is exercised over how medical services are delivered.
Little cords tie everything together.
Little correlation is found between growth rate and isotopic composition of ice.
Little correspondence is present.
Every little country gets the same treatment that our heartland gets.
Some little cousins become best friends.
Some little cousins become friends.
Some little crabs live in edges.
Little crack takes blind stopper placement, but it holds bodyweight.
Little cracks open up.
Little crakes are very secretive in the breeding season, and are then mostly heard rather than seen.
Little creativity is required.
Little creatures do good jobs.
Little creatures do jobs.
Little creatures get heads.
Little creatures have mechanisms.
Little creatures live amongst the many wild flowers which bloom most of the spring and summer.
Little creatures scurry across the ground while birds wing overhead.
Every little creature has a place.
Most little creatures do good jobs.
Most little creatures do jobs.
Most little creatures get heads.
Most little creatures have mechanisms.
Some little creatures cause messes.
Some little creatures resemble rats.
Some little creatures resemble scorpions.
Little credence is given to quiet solitude, hymns or liturgy.
Little credit is awarded on quizzes or exams unless supporting work is shown.
Little credit is given for any of the process involved in computer-related work.
Little creek is the sister trail to gooseberry, but with alot less of crowds.
Little creeks are all over Gainesville for exploring.
Little creeks join other little creeks until there is enough water to form a river.
Little critters pose one of the greatest dangers to baskets.
Some little critters share approaches.
Some little critters share same approaches.
Some little critters share simple approaches.
Little Crocodile is a simple, secure password manager.
Little cuckoo Includes photo and distribution in Suriname.
Little cultivation is necessary.
Little cultivation is needed when propagating from seedlings.
Little cultivation is required.
Little cutting is required because the tissue is all so soft.
Little D wins the round.
Little damage is done on either side.
Little damage is likely to occur once favorable growing conditions set in.
Little damage is reported as having been done.
Little damage occurs but the plant appears abnormal or diseased.
Little dance go blue next best, after hammer meant anybody.
Little data are available on effectiveness of repellents to deter vole damage.
Little data are available on hawksbill populations.
Little data are available on the effectiveness of repellents to deter vole damage.
Little data are available on their cost effectiveness.
Little data are available.
Little data are currently available on the pH and fertility requirements of amaranth.
Little data exist for domestic wells.
Little data exist on the vegetative characteristics of dickcissel nesting territories.
Little data exist regarding weight training and pregnancy.
Little data is currently available to evaluate gasoline removal in unsaturated soil.
Little data is presented in the popular and secondary literature to support the conclusions.
Little data is provided to assess.
Little Deals is an auction site just for parents.
Little death occurs until late in life.
Little debate is necessary to raise the taxes as can be seen on certain consumption taxes.
Little decomposition occurs because of the short holding time and little dilution.
Little decomposition occurs in holding ponds.
Every little delay is amplified and exacerbates the situation.
Little demand is noted for Alaska's yaks or musk oxen.
Little detail is given of other changes during the intervention.
Little detail is given, but the basics of the cycle are included.
Little detail is given, but they are supernatural judgments that seem to affect the whole earth.
Little detail is provided.
Little details abound.
Little details have a way of growing up to become big problems.
Little details make the difference.
Little details make the model much more believable.
Little details mean a lot.
Little details reflect the school's Catholic identity.
Little details start to make a story valid.
Little details take on enormous magnitude, things like a last candy bar or someone's snoring.
Every little detail adds so much to the overall feeling of the play.
Every little detail can lead to new information.
Every little detail has to be planned out.
Every little detail is crisp and clear.
Every little detail is here including muscle tones and sizes are proportionate.
Little deterrent exists, therefore, for pharmacies to avoid such practices.
Little development occurs to the north or south.
Little dialogue occurs between the three positions.
Little Dieter Needs to Fly .
Little Dieter Needs to Fly.
Little difference exists in their impact on ground water when compared to conventional tillage.
Little difference is apparent between the level of satisfaction of men and women.
Little difference is made between polecats and ferrets.
Little difference is observed at any period in the plumage of the adult birds.
Little differences appear between days in milk at first service and services per conception.
Little differences can matter.
Little difficulty is encountered in determining what needs to be done.
Little difficulty is experienced in getting the plants to grow after the seed has once germinated.
Little difficulty is experienced in shaft sinking through solid rock, which contains little water.
Little dilution takes place before the waste waters reach the surface.
Little dippers are welcome to the all-new attraction, Crocodile Isle.
Little discomfort is experienced during the healing phase.
Little discotheques offer modern rock and soul music.
Little discussion takes place, for nothing new is ever presented.
Little dishes bring mildly, either a behaviour onto none tongue govern.
Little distinction is made between baking bread, dancing, making pottery, or chopping wood.
Little distinction is made between justification and sanctification in Catholic theology.
Little distractions can lead to regrettable disasters.
Little diversity takes root.
Little documentation exists of the earliest jazz bands.
Little documentation exists on the reproductive strategies of horse cinquefoil.
Little documentation exists.
Little documentation is available on the league.
Little documentation is available on the web site, unfortunately.
Little documentation is needed compared to other trips abroad.
Little dogs are in real danger from attacks and even overly enthusiastic play from a large dog.
Little dogs are more likely to bite than big dogs.
Little dogs can live anywhere.
Little dogs feel vulnerable outdoors.
Little dogs have expectancy.
Little dogs have life expectancy.
Little dogs make appearances.
Little dogs make periodic appearances.
Little dogs tend to live a lot longer than larger breeds.
Most little dogs have expectancy.
Most little dogs have life expectancy.
Most little dogs make appearances.
Most little dogs make periodic appearances.
Little donations can make a difference.
Little dots move around the screen and follow the cursor.
Many little dots appear.
Little doubt remains about who they are or what they get.
Little drivers can sit facing front or back.
Little droplets make the vast ocean.
Little ducks go quack, quack, quack.
Little ducklings enjoy their greens finely chopped in a shallow dish of water.
Little dude checks out the finished sun.
Little duplication exists between the graduate degree programs of the two schools.
Little E is a diamond in the rough fun loving but with both feet solidly planted.
Little E is pretty cool though.
Little E is ready for more.
Little E is up, and still rising.
Little e proved triumph prevails over tragedy.
Little Earth is completely full.
Little economies add up to big savings over the course of a year.
Every little edge is big.
Little education is deemed essential for the performance of life's ordinary duties.
Little effect is seen in the tropics.
Little effect remains in most patients after three to five years.
Little effort brings little results.
Little effort is involved and patient records are more accurate.
Little effort is made by the viewer.
Little effort is made to check for illegal copies.
Little effort is made to distinguish between real and perceived problems.
Little effort is made to establish anything beyond the most elemental character development.
Little effort is made to get representation for the indigent accused of crimes.
Little effort is made to promote our customers' products or their cost reductions.
Little effort is made to show any individual characteristics.
Little effort is made to support the choice of a perspective by providing specific examples.
Little effort is made to teach or review phoneme awareness.
Little effort is required after the book has been read, and readers have responded with enthusiasm.
Little effort is required to see that an accurate tube remaining life assessment tool is necessary.
Little effort is shown.
Little effort returns little reward, but great effort put into a goal gives immeasurable returns.
Little efforts add up.
Little efforts can work wonders.
Every little effort helps.
Every little effort seems tougher.
Little electrons traveling through the network are the only physical presence.
Little elves help Santa make the gifts.
Little emotion shows below the hard, smooth paint surface.
Little emphasis is placed on material related to rural or agricultural economics.
Little emphasis is placed on retrospective acquisitions.
Little emphasis is placed on the effects of pollution of water by toxic substances such as fluoride.
Little emphasis is put on bookkeeping, and no mathematical skill is required.
Little emphasis is spent on the subjects of copyrights, moral rights, taxes or law.
Little ends become big ends as surely as sprouts become plants.
Little energy arrives from the distant sun.
Little energy is consumed.
Little energy is needed for the production of bamboo.
Little energy is required to accomplish something so easily obtained.
Little energy needs to be spent on the sell side.
Little epinephrine is found in other tissues, mostly in scattered chromaffin cells.
Little equipment is needed for raising the gypsy moths.
Little equipment is needed other than a suitable pair of chest waders or hip boots.
Little equipment is needed, and calendars, thermometers, and charts are widely available.
Little equipment is required and everyone is welcome to get involved.
Little events atomize.
Little evidence appears of any widespread use of calculators, computers or mathematics projects.
Little evidence exists of a widespread threat to tourism due to the storms.
Little evidence exists of man's past use except for a few old, abandoned roads.
Little evidence exists of their presence in the London area.
Little evidence exists that adverse effects of vaccination affect patient compliance.
Little evidence exists that genetically altered food is harmful to people.
Little evidence exists to support either perspective.
Little evidence is available in the current literature.
Little evidence is available on fully modular prostheses.
Little evidence is available which shows sculpin limit trout numbers.
Little evidence is found for phase propagation of the signal in El Ni o years.
Little evidence remains of Roman occupation.
Little evidence remains of that crossing.
Little evidence remains of that legacy.
Little evidence remains of the early colonial or goldrush days.
Little evidence remains of the many great Holy Shrines of Britain.
Little evidence supports the accusations.
Little evidence supports theories.
Little evidence survives from the losing, elided side.
Most little evidence supports theories.
Little expense is incurred in offering the course.
Little expenses add up to big numbers quickly, if done on a regular basis.
Little experience is needed to get started as a mechanic.
Some little experiments provide introductions.
Little explanation is needed here.
Little explanation is required as to the reason why.
Little Explorers Is a picture dictionary with links, for youngsters.
Little extra heat raises temperature.
Little extras are what make games great, even if they don t directly affect the plot.
Little extras can really enhance the dining experience.
Little faith brings little results.
Little faith does.
Little faith is needed to accept what is found as fact in the scientific community.
Little faith means little prayer.
Little family run take out place.
Little family run take-out place.
Little fans wear wristbands around their heads.
Little father cheat through nothing randomly.
All little faucets drip.
Every little feeling helps.
Little fertilization is needed for most species.
Little fertilization is needed if planted in average garden soil.
Little fertilization is required.
Little fertilizer is needed.
Little fertilizer is used because most nutrients come from the bulb.
A little finger is a finger
A little finger is a minimus
Little fingers are a warm, moist growth medium for yeast.
Little fingers are fingers.
Little fingers can get a punishing grip on chest hair.
Little fingers can hold onto the case without difficulty.
Little fingers move nimbly and swiftly as each block is carefully placed in the perfect spot.
Little finish remains on barrel.
Little fire stands circling the savannah signaled roasting corn.
Little fires lap up dead leaves and branches, preventing fuel from building up.
Little fish are eaten by birds and bigger fish, and so on throughout the tangled food web.
Little fish eat algae.
Little fish eat the lower marine life forms and concentrate the pesticides in their bodies.
Little fish eat the phytoplankton, big fish eat the little fish, and so on.
Little fish eat the scum.
Little fish fall into the net and that is basically inevitable.
Little fish have to get out of the way or be eaten.
Little Fish is intimate, chef-oriented and pretty.
Little Fish is the kind of restaurant that happens only once every couple years.
Little Fish Stop the Violence.
Little fish swim through the light blue letters and bubbles float to the top of the letters.
Little Fishes Click here to continue.
Some little fish become guppies.
Little flashes swarm about from the firelight.
Little flecks can get on the plates and interfere with the results.
Little flexibility is gained when a muscle is contracting.
Little flowers begin appearing on the lawns in the veld and some shrubs start to flower.
Little flowers produce seeds.
Little flowers start to bloom And grow, and grow, and grow.
Most little flowers produce seeds.
Little fodder is grown in the desert grazing lands of the Near East.
Little foliage is used.
Little food is available after bears emerge from their dens in spring.
Little fools drink too much and great fools none at all.
Little force is required in roll, somewhat more in pitch.
Little foxes can spoil the vine.
Little fragments have big problems.
Little freshwater is added to the volume of the oceans so the seawater maintains it's salinity.
Little friends mass in thrift stores.
Some little frogs have affection.
Little frustrations seem so overwhelming.
Little funding is placed at the disposition of the millions of street children in Latin America.
Little gardens are big.
Little gems adhere to the rock face.
Little gestures can offer an incredible boost.
Little gestures count.
Every little gesture counts towards the bigger picture in a relationship, including the bad ones.
Some little ghosts offer glimpses.
Little gifts are nice, too.
Little gifts mean a lot.
A little girl is a female
Little girl bear giving baby bear a bath.
Little girl demands breakfast.
Little girl dojo yaburi.
Little girl fly away.
Little girl is saved.
Little girl learns the meaning of nighttime.
Little girl look with a bit of style to appease the fashion goddess.
Little girl suffers from leukemia , which has increased by tenfold since the uranium-depleted bombs.
Little girl turn on one foot.
Little girl wakes up and cries again.
Little girls are delicate and nuturing.
Little girls are delicious in their short skirts and hair barrettes.
Little girls are intense, stubborn, and passionate.
Little girls are just the opposite.
Little girls are so silly and funny.
Little girls are the nicest things that happen to people.
Little girls are very verbal and typically cluster together to chat.
Little girls ask if the piercings hurt.
Little girls can be aggressive, too, but the aggressiveness takes different forms.
Little girls can be awfully lovely and seductive but erotic are they only in one's imagination.
Little girls can play for hours in the wonderful, whimsical, miniaturized world of a dollhouse.
Little girls continue to enjoy tea parties, but boys are now much less interested.
Little girls copy their mothers-feeding their dollies, sweeping the floor, fixing dinner.
Little girls desire ponies.
Little girls develop ear infection.
Little girls develop infection.
Little girls do dream big.
Little girls do grow up.
Little girls dress up and play dress up.
Little girls feel that way all the time.
Little girls grow into women.
Little girls grow up to be ladies.
Little girls have crushes on their fathers.
Little girls have eyes.
Little girls have that.
Little girls have the sense of belonging and empowerment.
Little girls learn about being women from their moms.
Little girls learn dance.
Little girls lie in beds.
Little girls like to play with black dolls.
Little girls love the feel of the silky fabric and moms love the washability.
Little girls love to have matching pinafores made up to match their Mothers for cookie baking time.
Little girls love to play with toys.
Little girls mature faster than little boys.
Little girls miss parents.
Little girls practice balancing small bags of wheat, sometimes using a hand to steady their load.
Little girls ride Freudian couches through the change of life.
Little girls run to mommy or daddy when they scrape their knee.
Little girls sleep under piles of quilts as an endless blizzard howls outside.
Little girls think their moms are the most beautiful women in the world.
Little girls tumble out of school into thin flowered dresses.
Little girls watch movies.
Little girls wear green ribbons and the boys wear a harp badge.
Little girls wear the same styles.
All little girls get to the age when that begins to seem important.
Every little girl is beautiful.
Every little girl loves playing with paper dolls.
Every little girl needs a baby to take care of.
Every little girl needs trucks.
Every little girl wants a pony.
Every little girl wants to be the belle of the ball.
Many little girls dream of having a pony for their birthday present.
Many little girls go through a lavender phase, but get sick of it after a few years.
Most little girls develop ear infection.
Most little girls develop infection.
Most little girls grow into women.
Most little girls have eyes.
Most little girls lie in beds.
Most little girls miss parents.
Most little girls studying Japanese dance want to be pretty princesses or beautiful maidens.
Most little girls watch movies.
Some little girls are always on the go.
Some little girls can have asymptomatic bladder infections that can cause irritation in the vagina.
Some little girls have fevers.
Some little girls have high fevers.
Some little girls hold buckets.
Some little girls lead life.
Some little girls lie on roads.
Some little girls raise hands.
Some little girls show emotional maturity.
Some little girls show maturity.
Every little glimpse is worth the full price of admission.
Any little glitch is likely to be exacerbated by migration or integration.
Little goldfish can live for years in a small aquarium without growing much.
Little grain seems to have been sent away.
Every little grain goes through so many hands.
Little graphics are entirely unnecessary, as well as vulgar, obscene, and tremendously uncool.
Little grass is produced in droughty periods.
Some little grasshoppers have flavour.
Little gratitude seems due in the one case, and all sort of resentment seems unjust in the other.
Little greens have a strong site bond and return year after year to the same nesting site.
Little grins emerge.
Little gripes are present too.
Little groundcover grows here and the forest is usually cool and moist.
Little growth is evident and limited skill is demonstrated.
Little gulls feed on insects.
Little gulls feed on small insects.
Most little gulls feed on insects.
Most little gulls feed on small insects.
Little gullies can evolve into a gulch in a single rainstorm.
Little guy brings down big guys.
Little guy fights big guy.
Little guy is covered in their clothing.
Little guys are as valuable as big guys.
Little guys are back in fashion.
Little guys are often the first to grow a mustache to compensate for their lack of size.
Little guys are very hard to sex.
Little guys can check out the playground.
Little guys can make a difference.
Little guys develop hands.
Little guys grasp hands.
Little guys have fear.
Little guys have problems.
Little guys have years.
Little guys make memories here that they remember the rest of their lives.
Little guys need moms.
Little guys use tender vegetables.
Little guys use vegetables.
Little guys weigh pounds.
Most little guys develop hands.
Most little guys grasp hands.
Most little guys have problems.
Most little guys have years.
Most little guys use tender vegetables.
Most little guys use vegetables.
Most little guys weigh pounds.
Some little guys are vicious fighters or use weapons.
Some little guys attain size.
Some little guys can be very dangerous.
Some little guys feel like big boys.
Some little guys feel like boys.
Some little guys go through stages.
Some little guys look for best spots.
Some little guys look for spots.
A little hand is a hand
Little hands are fast as lightning and very undiscriminating.
Little hands can do the stuffing, and glue on googly eyes.
Little hands can open and close.
Little hands move fast.
Little hands reach out to touch.
Little hands slap the blanket of water that rushes out of the fountains.
Little hassles get out of hand.
Little head has easy access via a short walk down the cliff or from North Whale Beach.
Little heads begin to nod around the campfire.
Little hearts contribute nothing.
Little heat can come up through a mulch.
Little heat is produced.
Little heat is sensed.
Little heed is paid to the kids left without a school to attend after an abrupt closing.
Little help comes from national sources.
Little help is better than no help at all.
Little help is here in Russia.
Little help means a long off-season.
Some little helpers carry plastic plates.
Some little helpers carry plates.
Any little hen can make chicks.
Little herbicide is found at any depth.
Little highlights move along the strands of silk.
Little Hikers Discover the sights, smells, textures and beauty of the woods.
Little hills lift their heads at a distance, and stretch their old trees to the wind.
Little history is available during the depression and war years.
Little holes are the calling card of a downy woodpecker.
Little holly leaves and berries on one of the antler pieces.
Little homework is given besides vocabulary study.
Little houses seem to be following the national average.
Every little hurt makes a black and blue spot.
Little imagination is shown in the project.
Little improvement is gained from the repetition.
Little improvement is needed.
Little improvements buy the space and ground for big ones.
Every little incident adds up.
Little income is generated from sales to clients from outside respective communities.
Little indisciplines can be harmful.
Little indulgences add up fast.
Little industry exists except the processing of agricultural exports.
Little infants can put legs in sack, while larger babies put legs out.
Little infants can put legs in the sack while larger babies can put legs out.
Little infants can put their legs in the sack, while larger babies let their legs dangle out.
Little infection occurs during hot summer months.
Little inflation is in sight.
Little info is available right on the website, however.
Little information appears on family life or community life.
Little information concerning goat production in Minnesota is found in the published literature.
Little information exists about obligate associations of T. ignis.
Little information exists about teenage pregnancy but teenaged girls marry according to custom.
Little information exists about the amount of xylene in food.
Little information exists about the contraceptive practices of unmarried youth in Asia.
Little information exists about the first three courthouses in the county.
Little information exists concerning oxidative stress in healthy young children.
Little information exists concerning the adaptability of switchgrass to western Nevada.
Little information exists in the literature concerning sanding aerosol particle size.
Little information exists on cost effectiveness of BMPs.
Little information exists on genetic effects of furagin.
Little information exists on genetic variation.
Little information exists on radon levels in Canadian buildings.
Little information exists on the ecological features of most reservoirs.
Little information exists on ways to prevent recurrences of fever blisters.
Little information exists regarding lifespan or longevity in red vizcacha rats.
Little information exists regarding parental investment in red vizcacha rats.
Little information exists regarding the libraries of the two original professional schools.
Little information exists to characterize juvenile capital offenders beyond bare demographics.
Little information exists, however, on water use by winter cover crops.
Little information is available about background urine mercury levels, especially in children.
Little information is available about doomsday groups in Canada.
Little information is available about either partner.
Little information is available about glial cell function in the adult brain.
Little information is available about insect pests in different agroforestry systems.
Little information is available about medication use during breastfeeding.
Little information is available about population density or gender ratios.
Little information is available about the effect of bacteria on the survival of sclerotia.
Little information is available about the effects of chloropicrin on bird life.
Little information is available about the effects of chloropicrin on birds.
Little information is available about the various satellite designs.
Little information is available as they died at other hospitals or at school.
Little information is available as to the status of the species in the United States.
Little information is available at their web site.
Little information is available concerning black ash fire survival strategies.
Little information is available concerning habitat salinity preferences of red knots.
Little information is available concerning methamphetamine-specific treatment programs.
Little information is available concerning predators of the red knot.
Little information is available concerning the pathogenesis of nocardiosis.
Little information is available concerning the storage of used RTG-sources.
Little information is available describing therapeutic alternatives.
Little information is available for Illinois.
Little information is available for the DVDs the company sells online.
Little information is available for the minor nutrients.
Little information is available from archives.
Little information is available from previous studies on the mainland.
Little information is available from the remainder of the lynx's wide Asian range.
Little information is available in the literature regarding predation on tundra swans.
Little information is available on age distribution in a typical stand.
Little information is available on ages or backgrounds.
Little information is available on attachment rates of U.S. scientists and engineers .
Little information is available on attachment rates of U.S. scientists and engineers.
Little information is available on biological effects.
Little information is available on communication and perception in red vizcacha rats.
Little information is available on congenital defects in other cervid, or deer species.
Little information is available on damage to figs resulting from a nematode infestation.
Little information is available on experiments that are funded by private companies.
Little information is available on factors affecting lobster mortality and husbandry.
Little information is available on fertilizer requirements and response.
Little information is available on growth and reproduction of either species.
Little information is available on habitat requirements for reproduction.
Little information is available on how best to encourage changes in surgical practice.
Little information is available on how children thrive once they are returned home.
Little information is available on life history.
Little information is available on longevity in hen or northern harriers.
Little information is available on marine fungi associated with marine algae and marine animals.
Little information is available on microhabitat characteristics of nest sites.
Little information is available on mineral requirements of goats.
Little information is available on most of the reserves.
Little information is available on pollutant concentrations under normal operating conditions.
Little information is available on reproductive biology.
Little information is available on seed handling and storage methods for native Hawaiian plants.
Little information is available on social organization.
Little information is available on subchronic or chronic inhalation toxicity in animals.
Little information is available on tanager breeding behavior.
Little information is available on the ancient people and their way of life.
Little information is available on the biology of the ground pearl.
Little information is available on the biology of the major black millipede.
Little information is available on the breeding biology of the black crested mangabey in the wild.
Little information is available on the community itself.
Little information is available on the control of Schinus polygamus .
Little information is available on the developmental effects of Ba after oral exposure.
Little information is available on the diseases and parasites of wild black bears.
Little information is available on the distribution of juveniles.
Little information is available on the effect of day length on the distribution of arctic species.
Little information is available on the effect of latex paints or primers.
Little information is available on the environmental tolerances of T. ignis.
Little information is available on the extent of absorption of the drug.
Little information is available on the hormonal control of puberty in the zebu.
Little information is available on the interaction between the provider, product and patient.
Little information is available on the longevity of coral-reef starfish.
Little information is available on the mating system of northern flying squirrels.
Little information is available on the mortality of weasels.
Little information is available on the natural history of risk for patients who are asymptomatic.
Little information is available on the safety of round bale silage.
Little information is available on the species itself.
Little information is available on the successional status of jojoba.
Little information is available on the successional status of pale wolfberry.
Little information is available regarding fendlerbush fire ecology and adaptations.
Little information is available regarding longevity of pygmy tarsiers.
Little information is available regarding predation of black carpenter ants.
Little information is available regarding the home grange of dugongs.
Little information is available regarding the home range of Australian lungfish.
Little information is available regarding the home range of emperor scorpions.
Little information is available regarding the mating systems of northern short-tailed shrews.
Little information is available regarding the negative impact pygmy shrews have on humans.
Little information is available yet from other provinces.
Little information is available, however, on the growth-mortality relationship for most species.
Little information is available.
Little information is availbale on rayless goldenhead reproduction.
Little information is contained in repetitive sequences.
Little information is currently available about the characteristics of the bad water zone.
Little information is currently available about the costs of running occupational pension schemes.
Little information is displayed on the current program module.
Little information is gathered in vulnerable areas, such as near ag drainage wells.
Little information is given about abuse.
Little information is gleaned during the drilling process.
Little information is known about proteins involved in acute radiation response.
Little information is known about the impacts of beaver activity on the water quality of the system.
Little information is known about the trichomonads from human and animal hosts in the Philippines.
Little information is known on groundwater contamination by synthetic organic chemicals.
Little information is needed to interpret blotches as a fellow human.
Little information is present regarding cultivar and species affect on the above parameters.
Little information is provided from the environmental sciences.
Little information is retained in Access.
Little information is yet available on villages further inland.
Little information leaks out.
Little information remains on the historical female pope.
Little injuries crop up and get worse because there's no time to heal.
Little input is necessary if the unit stays in the same car.
Little interchange occurs between pond and surrounding land.
Little interest is shown in the central part of the state.
Little interest means few sales.
Little interpretation is required and the decisions of which guide to use is usually obvious.
Little investors get a list of funds and are told to do it themselves.
Little investors get scraps.
Little irons are four inches or less.
Little irritations can build up.
Little issues depend beautiful unless small, hence pen fall they.
Little Japan brings plenty of creative sushi rolls to the table.
Little jobs turn into big jobs.
Every little job is essential.
Little jumps are two feet high.
Little justification exists for expecting a certain percent improvement.
Little kids are all about love and trust.
Little kids are another matter.
Little kids are brilliant.
Little kids are excited to be there.
Little kids are just like little sponges.
Little kids are natural scientists.
Little kids are often the victims of dog bites for a variety of reasons.
Little kids are perfectly comfortable with science, exploring and figuring things out.
Little kids are scared of it.
Little kids are stupid.
Little kids are tap dancing for change.
Little kids avoid injury, even before they are introduced to the concept of death.
Little kids can be so damn smart.
Little kids can do that.
Little kids can easily remove all the seeds and mushy stuff.
Little kids can get heavy plastic boules at the grocerie store before going on vacation.
Little kids can play for hours in the sand.
Little kids can see most clearly what's important.
Little kids cry.
Little kids do it when they play cops and robber or cowboys and indians.
Little kids eat in spurts.
Little kids follow along.
Little kids get a twinkle in their eye when they think of the presents and of Santa.
Little kids get excitement.
Little kids get their own play areas and toys.
Little kids get to slap hands with the players as they run onto the court.
Little kids go here.
Little kids go home to take their rest.
Little kids have a better awareness of time than most grown-ups do.
Little kids have a lot of potential.
Little kids have it the worst.
Little kids have no feeling of time passing.
Little kids have nothing to do with the politics of their presidents.
Little kids have pretty much the same interests all kids have had for generations.
Little kids have pride, too.
Little kids imitate everything they see on TV at that age.
Little kids kick, scream and flop on the ground.
Little kids kill people.
Little kids learn about their world through play, and many learn best through hands-on experiences.
Little kids learn from big.
Little kids learn lessons all the time.
Little kids look on as their presumably virgin-eyes are corrupted.
Little kids look up to bigger kids.
Little kids look up to their parents.
Little kids love coins.
Little kids love robots, weird monsters, and kung fu.
Little kids love scary ghost stories.
Little kids love to grab yummy stuff off the shelves.
Little kids love to splish and splash.
Little kids misunderstand much of the language.
Little kids play games.
Little kids point the way to the finish line.
Little kids race up and down the aisles, usually in giggling packs.
Little kids run around in the half-darkness chasing fireflies.
Little kids seem to love to make one line on a piece of paper and then get a new one.
Little kids sit at picnic tables.
Little kids sit at tables.
Little kids smile.
Little kids tend to have all kinds of weird notions about the world that they live in.
Little kids thrive on chaos.
Little kids throw grenades.
Little kids understand the creative part.
Little kids watch grown-ups to learn how to do things.
All little kids watch big kids every day.
Every little kid has dreams of being an astronaut.
Most little kids fall off of their bicycles when they try to ride the first time.
Most little kids get excitement.
Most little kids get furry animal adventures at bed time.
Most little kids play games.
Most little kids sit at picnic tables.
Most little kids sit at tables.
Little knowledge is available concerning the feeding habits of feather shaft mites.
Little knowledge is dangerous.
Little koalas rely on claws.
Most little koalas rely on claws.
Little kumquats pack a powerful sweet-tart flavor as candy.
Little labor is withheld.
Little lads have an embroidered crest and name.
Little ladies has an embroidered heart and name.
Little languages define a good user interface and often suggest a sound implementation.
Little Leaves Prepare our children for tomorrow's jobs.
A little league is a league
Little league is supposed to teach kids good manners for team sports.
Little leaks add up in a hurry.
Little legs mean little steps.
Little legs slap against the water as they hang in their mothers' arms.
Little levers swing open and shut at the entrance to the six-seater chair, dictating when to go.
Little liberties are great offenses.
Little lies are disgusting, but big ones show skill.
Little life survives because the stones are churned and pounded together by waves and currents.
Little light gets in, and little love gets out.
Little light is needed and the image is always bright and sharp guaranteed.
Little light penetrates all the way through the limnetic zone into the profundal zone.
Little light penetrates the thick canopy of trees to reach the forest floor.
Little light reaches floors.
Little light reaches forest floors.
Little light reaches the forest floor.
Little light shines upon the earth each day and what does arrive seems so timid, cold and frail.
Little lights hang from the high, bare wood ceiling, bringing pools of light to the banquet tables.
Most little light reaches floors.
Most little light reaches forest floors.
Some little light makes plants.
Little lines start vanishing and the radiance of youth seems to return.
Little Links connects neonatal nurses and the community in service and education.
Little lizards scatter everywhere.
Little logic is required to disturb that definition.
Little loss occurs in the cooking and storage of foods.
Little love makes the relationship last for a long time.
Little luxuries separate a strictly utilitarian room from a restful retreat.
Little maintenance is necessary to keep the fields in production.
Little maintenance is needed.
Little maintenance is required once the tree has become established.
Little maintenance is required save removing the occasional winterkilled stems.
Little maintenance is required.
Little men are a dime a dozen.
Little men are dangerous.
Little men wear gray shirts.
Little men wear shirts.
Most little men wear gray shirts.
Most little men wear shirts.
Little management is required when red clover is used as a cover crop.
Little manufacturing takes place in Namibia.
Little markers indicate positions of superlattice interfaces.
Little math is needed to yield an estimate of many phenomena associated with flight.
Little medicine reaches the baby.
Little mention is given to salamanders or the threats that they face.
Little mention is made of the difference.
Little mention is made of the forts which did the shooting.
Little mention is made of the intrinsic position of rice in Japanese culture.
Little mention is made of the nature of the emotional bond between the marriage partners.
Little mention is made of the new introduction of Japan in to the mix.
Little milk is consumed.
Little minds are interested in the extraordinary, Great minds in the commonplace.
Little minds discuss people.
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries.
Little minds think and talk about people.
Little mining is conducted at present.
Little miracles are harder than anything.
Little miracles happen all the time.
Little miracles happen every day.
Little miracles happen everyday.
Every little miss can be a ballerina or fairy queen complete with a crown and scepter.
Little mistakes are splinters that hurt.
Little mistakes can cause big problems.
Little mistakes can make the difference.
Little mistakes hurt.
Little mistakes send users surfing somewhere else.
Little mistakes send visitors surfing somewhere else.
Every little mistake is a big issue, while younger workers can get by with it.
Little mittens goes stretch, stretch.
Little moisture enters the stratosphere, so clouds are rare.
Little moments can teach major lessons.
Little moments mean a lot - and lots of little moments cost a lot.
Little money goes to advertising or independent promotion.
Little money is allotted for upkeep.
Little money is available for street and housing construction, so offerings are limited.
Little money is left over for artists' copyrights.
Little money is needed to change a dimly lit spot into an attractive display of healthy plants.
Little money is thenspent on Solar Car Racing.
Some little monkeys live in treetops.
Little morality plays about how mankind is so exploitative and murderous.
Little morbidity is associated with knuckle pads.
Little morbidity occurs with the disease, unless ulcers extend to muscle or bone.
Little mosques fight for space with grand public buildings and elegant private residences.
Little motions tell the audience that the puppet is alive and well.
Little mice are cool.
Little mouse goes for a walk in a dangerous forest.
Some little mice have families.
Some little mice have happy families.
Some little mice have happy little families.
Some little mice live in cheese factories.
Some little mice live in factories.
Little movement breaks the unparalleled peace and tranquillity.
Little movement is possible.
Every little movement is preprogrammed and has to be done exactly as prescribed.
Little music is available until high school now in the Pojoaque district.
Little narratives are everywhere.
Little nations do have little minds.
Little nests filled with jellybeans are delightful.
Every little nest needs a bird.
Little niacin is lost from foods during ordinary cooking.
Every little noise is covered with great detail.
Little noses have air passage.
Little noses have passage.
Little noses have small air passage.
Most little noses have air passage.
Most little noses have small air passage.
Little notes accompany the recipes, elaborating on the ingredients and techniques.
Little notes lose some of their fullness because they are sung on a complicated syllable.
Little notice is provided to third parties.
Every little nudge moves the tower closer to that fate.
Little nuggets are every where.
Little nuisances can add up to be big annoyances too.
Little numbers can mean a lot.
Little odor is left after cure.
Little officers enforce.
Little oil pay heavy once accurate, neither substance spring whoever.
Little one dont be a fool.
Little ones are big on color and pattern.
Little ones are especially susceptible to the sun.
Little ones are especially welcome, and are provided their own worship activity sheets.
Little ones are helpless in so many ways.
Little ones are in bed with smiles they adorn, sheltered in the arms of an angel's loving form.
Little ones are more literal about sharing food.
Little ones are welcome.
Little ones bounce for hours on end inside an inflatable-wall enclosure.
Little ones can also follow the red light to make their own songs.
Little ones can also play in search mode to learn letter and number names and sounds.
Little ones can drive cars along a track and feel like big people.
Little ones can enjoy being led around in our arena or other horse-related activities.
Little ones can go around the world and get special gifts at each country.
Little ones can learn social skills or just have some fun.
Little ones can learn to identify colors, shapes and letters along the way.
Little ones can make lemonade for customers.
Little ones can paint a story they already know, or make one up themselves.
Little ones can show off both their patriotism and their coloring talent with our fun color-in tee.
Little ones come up all the time.
Little ones disturb less water as they swim so they make less noise.
Little ones do that.
Little ones enjoy activity sheets and crayons while they wait.
Little ones enjoy games and activities, Bible stories and personalized storybooks.
Little ones explore the world of puppies with books, songs, rhymes and other activities.
Little ones get the big picture fast, especially if they watch commercials on television.
Little ones gravitate to the children's area with mini slides and a water choo-choo to climb.
Little ones grow quickly and often surprise their parents with their mobility.
Little ones know without being told.
Little ones learn what they see.
Little ones love searching for money and spend hours there.
Little ones love to hear parents sing about how precious and loved they are.
Little ones love to help moisten envelopes or draw pictures for relatives.
Little ones love to watch the live shows and are drawn to the storefronts of yesteryear.
Little ones move easily from basic drawing and painting to advanced features.
Little ones play there when there are needles in the sand.
Little ones play with clay, print, paint and collage.
Little ones sit happily, fascinated from the vantage point of their bicycle seat or trailer.
Little ones sit on the kerb-side, mere debris ready for the final sweep.
Little ones take a nap in the early afternoon, followed by a nutritious snack.
Little ones tend to fall asleep from the motion- which can be a BIG help for colicky babies.
Little ones using a paint brush can flick their thumb across the brush.
Little ones work just fine.
Every little one loves to chat on the phone or at least pretend to.
Many little ones love to sweep, dust, and do the dishes.
Most little ones start asking questions about a daddy around the ages of four and five.
Some little ones seem to be making hair-breadth escapes almost every day of their lives.
Little opportunity exists for parking near the heart of the campus.
Little opportunity exists to exercise personal initiative, discretion, or judgment.
Little originality is required.
Little ornamentation mars the exterior.
A little owl is an owl
Little owls are usually pueos.
Little pain becomes big pain becomes morphine haze.
Little pains happen.
Little painting is then necessary.
Little paintings have some obvious advantages.
Little palaces sit next to the many hovels unfit for human habitation.
Little paper is put to use.
Little paperwork is involved.
Little part satisfy loudly, since either bark off a brother wrote.
Little paths connect the main house to the pool area and guest house.
Little paws commend students and staff when a character trait is observed around school.
Little pebbles make the journey rough and uncomfortable.
Little penguins are birds.
Little Penguins are opportunistic in their selection of prey items.
Little penguins are penguins.
Little penguins are the only penguin species that breeds nocturnally - that is , at night .
Little penguins are the only penguin species that breeds nocturnally - that is, at night.
Little penguins can breed as isolated pairs, in colonies, or semi-colonially.
Little penguins have one call that changes to mean different things .
Little penguins have one call that changes to mean different things.
Little Penguins live in sandy burrows at night and go to the ocean during the day .
Little Penguins live in sandy burrows at night and go to the ocean during the day.
Little penguins live in the park.
Little penguins live on coasts.
Little penguins mature at different ages.
Little penguins use rock crevices or caves for their nests.
Most little penguins live on coasts.
Some little penguins are drowned when amateur fishermen set gill nets near penguin colonies.
Every little penny helps when it comes to adding to a small, fixed income.
Little people are here to teach lessons about living in harmony with nature and with others.
Little people are kinetic learners still.
Little people can play too.
Little people do.
Little people doing little things in little places everywhere can change the world.
Little people have a strong sense of fairness.
Little people have big hearts.
Little people love to play at dramatics as well as continuing to play at being grownups.
Little people use big words, big people use little words.
Many little people are overweight and have been for many years and are very frustrated about it.
Most Little People encounter progressive deformities during childhood.
Little perks can mean a lot.
Every little person is different.
Little pickles are a pretty garnish for corned beef, with or without the vegetables.
Little pictures suggesting clients download some particular browser are the sign of a neophyte.
Little pictures surrounded by text are here to stay.
Little pieces fit together to reveal a vast panorama of the soul's experience.
Every little piece combines to make the whole synergistic system come alive.
Every little piece helps.
Little pigs are a different story.
Little pigs have long ears.
Some little pigs go to market.
Little piggy knows the oink cam is boring.
Little pipes can carry only a small amount of data while larger pipes carry more data.
Little pitchers have big ears, all right.
Little pitchers have big ears, but given the right incentive, they can also have big mouths.
Little pitchers have big ears.
Little pitchers have long ears.
Little planning goes into most burglaries.
Little plants wait for the needed rain.
Every little polyp is a separate animal.
Little power is required on the journey.
Little preparation is required.
Every little princess needs a sparkling tiara.
Little privacy exists in the typical Japanese workplace.
Little problems can be powerful.
Little problems can make walking less pleasant.
Little problems have to get big before they are addressed.
Little problems hide big wonders.
Little programs are what viruses are all about.
Little progress appears to have been made.
Little progress has been made toward resolving the Mansfield plant's labor issues, the union says.
Little progress is made because no one is right and no one is wrong.
Little progress is made in condemning another organization.
Little progress is made.
Little progress is make in condemning another organization.
Little projects cost less.
Little projections stick out all over most bikes.
Little protection is provided by the state.
Little provision is made for enforcement of obligations.
Little puppies grow up and get big.
Little purpose is found elsewhere - almost extinct.
Little purpose is served by a biocontrol method that has no practical application.
Little purposes are purposes.
Every little push helps.
Little question remains about the toxic effects of dioxin.
Little questions find their answers quickly.
Every little question turns into a major research project.
Little quips possess sharp stings.
Every little quip helps in any occasion.
Every little quip is worth a rewind.
Little rabbit goes to sleep .
Little radiation is backscattered from the surface.
Little rain falls during the summer.
Little rain falls in a grassland biome .
Little rain falls in a grassland biome.
Little rain falls in Egypt, and dry, windswept desert covers most of the land.
Little rain falls on the hot, dry southern and southwestern plains.
Little rain falls on the region, and there are no permanent rivers or lakes.
Little rain falls, so farming is only possible on irrigated, or watered, land.
Little rain is generated by the cold waters of the Indian Ocean.
Some little rain reduces germination.
Little rainfall percolates into the soil.
Little Ram Is.
Some little rascals make choices.
Some little rascals make good choices.
Little reading is required, but lots of logic and patience are needed.
Little recognition is given to sunlight as the major source of Vitamin D for most people.
Little rectangles fall like confetti or snow near a circle of children.
Little recuperation is needed afterward.
Little regard is given to cyclist, road or off road.
Little regard is paid to the sudden change in airflow, in and out of the loft.
Little rehearsal is necessary.
Little relief is available through mechanization.
Little relief is likely.
Little research exists about the impact of a gender balance on learning.
Little research exists on use of multiple pesticides.
Little research exists regarding the sexual impact of infant circumcision on men.
Little research focuses on the long term processes of recovery from famine.
Little research is available on adolescent alcohol use disorders.
Little research is available on immersion programs in the United States.
Little research is available which models needlesticks received by surgeons.
Little research is conducted in the fields of animal ecology and marine biology.
Little research is done because it is so rare.
Little research looks at the existing housing economy through the lens of the provision of services.
Little respect is given to individual value.
Little respect is given to persons who are seen as useless and unattractive.
Little responsibility makes little progress.
Little revision is needed.
Little River has no permitted pollution discharges on it, and thus it has very clean water.
Little River is a well-known scenic and recreation stream.
Little River is noted for being pure and unpolluted.
Little rivers are places.
Little rivers are rivers.
Little rivers tend to have little pools.
Some little rivers runs into lake.
Little roads wind through the elephant trees.
Every little roadblock created against subcontracting is a victory.
Little roadsters are about open-air motoring, and dropping the top is about as simple as it can be.
Little robots wander the halls sealing doors and shooting nail guns.
Little Rock is located in the center of a vast network of lakes, streams, and forests.
Little rocks are capital.
Little rocks are easy sometimes.
Little rodents have legs.
Little rodents have long legs.
Most little rodents have legs.
Most little rodents have long legs.
Little rollers are tough, but do-able.
Little room is left for neutrality.
Little room is left for whining.
Little rooms can cost a lot.
Little rugs lend a homey atmosphere that all students strive to achieve.
Little sacrifice is in our world.
Little salt is used in cooking.
Every little savings helps.
Little schools look like big schools.
Every little screw is highly polished.
Little scrub remains in Florida due to development.
Little seals go honk, honk, honkin'.
Little secrets expose the person.
Many little secrets go into tournament fishing.
Little security is needed to protect the secrecy of fifth grade writing assignments.
Little sediment is supplied to the coast by rivers owing to the small size of the drainage systems.
Little seedlings push green heads out of the soil and up to the light.
Every little segment covered in examples thus far is an expression.
Little selectivity is involved, it is a bulletin board.
Some little settlements are in the other parts of the country.
Little shade is provided at the pageant grounds.
Little shags live for up to six years.
Little shelves called cristae are formed from folds in the inner membrane.
Every little shiver is in the notes.
Little shoots struggle through the soil.
Little sins add up to big trouble.
Little sins committed in secret places have a way of bringing down the mighty.
Little sis gets all the attention now.
Some little sisters find baby snails.
Some little sisters find snails.
Every Little sites get no respect.
A little skate is a skate
Little skates are smaller in size than any other skate species found in the Gulf of Maine.
Little skates feed on a variety of crustaceans as well as clams, squid and worms.
Little skill is necessary to produce a spinal fusion.
Little skirts explain welcome than weak, while tent born something.
Little skunks love to play.
Little sleep makes ignoring chronic pain a real hassle.
Little sleepers can flip the seating cushion open for sleepovers on firm and supportive solid foam.
Little slumps are one thing but a two-year slump is very frustrating.
Little snakes make sound.
Little snakes make swish sound.
Most little snakes make sound.
Most little snakes make swish sound.
Some little snakes have mites.
Little snow falls in the city.
Little snow melt leads to a large ice cap, reaching almost  in certain spots.
Little solder falls once more, sees red glow like the sun.
Little songbirds sing tunes.
Most little songbirds sing tunes.
Little sorrows sit and weep.
Little souls are ashamed of nature.
Little souls wait in vain to be called out of eternity.
Every little sound is dulled, but it still hurts strangely enough.
Little space is left for the plains.
Every little space is used.
Any little spark can easily create a big fire.
Little spiders can climb out again but the big ones are too heavy to climb up the slippy sides.
Little spikes are optional on the inside.
Little spin is needed with guests whose fame is secure and whose works or faces are well known.
Little spots are distributed all over the body.
Little star wars posters feed lazy though key, unless murmur sat something.
Little stars can practice recognizing numbers, counting and learning their ABCs.
Little stars twinkle all around the screen, flashing bright and then shrinking away.
Little steps are best.
Little steps are the key here to take hold of each day.
Little steps can lead to big savings .
Little steps can make a world of difference.
Little steps create progress.
Little steps force the short shallow breaths which accelerate tiredness.
Every little step becomes a giant step if taken by many.
Little sticks are brown.
Little sticks burn faster than big ones.
Every little stitch is measured.
Little stomachs can fill up fast on high fiber foods.
Little stones can break off and leave the body easily in urine.
Little stones transform into yummy treats, little buildings or pets.
Little streams come together to form small rivers.
Little streamers come down from the cloud and up from the ground.
Little stress fall alone thus loose, if bear break it.
Little strings tend to give a smaller tone.
Little stud is essentially a trapping game, while big stud is usually a game of knocking people out.
Little students are the worst sufferers.
Little studios crop up, but only last a few months.
Little success is reported with repellents such as human hair, tankage, blood meal, or thiram.
Little successes count as much, maybe even more, than the big ones.
Little sunlight filters into the understory which makes it dark and humid.
Little sunlight reaches the forest floor.
Little supervision is required, and supervision of other students is often involved.
Little supervision is required.
Little surplus is produced for barter or sale.
Little Swan Is.
Little symbols show up in the darndest places.
Little tasks are easier than big tasks.
Little teashops dot the streets, each one offering a variety of sweets, savories, and noodles.
Little technicalities can become big problems.
Little tentacles form around the middle of the column before the upper half is separated.
Little terns work hard for a living and by no means every dive brings rewards.
Little therapy is known to be effective for the treatment of restrictive cardiomyopathy.
Little things add up and timelines are stretched.
Little things add up fast.
Little things add up so quickly.
Little things add up to big problems.
Little things add up to big season Good teams do it all the time.
Little things add up.
Little things affect little minds.
Little things annoy and distress.
Little things are big things.
Little Things are Big.
Little Things are enough.
Little things are important to Pelham.
Little things are indeed little, but to be faithful in little things is a great thing.
Little things are little but faithfulness in a little thing is a great thing.
Little things are often the most important.
Little things are often what are missed the most.
Little things are romantic, like warming the car or filling the gas tank before a hectic day.
Little things are the big things in relationships.
Little Things Are the Only Things.
Little things are very important to parents.
Little things are what make the college experience great.
Little things assume an enormous size, and things seem far off.
Little things become big things and our patience grows thin.
Little things become issues.
Little things bother.
Little things can add to or detract from the productivity of the author's visit.
Little things can add up on a big picture.
Little things can add up.
Little things can be big things to one who daily lives with illness and pain.
Little things can be very important to young boys and old men.
Little things can be very important.
Little things can change the ordinary into the extraordinary.
Little things can have a big impact.
Little things can help a lot.
Little things can make a big difference for someone with arthritis.
Little things can make a big difference in saving energy and money at home.
Little things can make a big difference in the ease of using assorted devices.
Little things can make a big difference, in chaos.
Little things can make a big difference.
Little things can make a difference.
Little Things Can Make a Difference.
Little things can make a great team.
Little things can make a huge difference.
Little things can make big difference.
Little things can mean a lot for reducing operator fatigue.
Little things can mean a lot, after all.
Little things can mean a lot.
Little things can mean alot.
Little things can say a lot about the habits and environment contributing to injury.
Little things can start arguments which sometimes result disastrously.
Little things can swing a game and they gained a second breath because of it.
Little things chafe, annoy and irritate.
Little things change first.
Little things change, but the main things really stay the same.
Little things change.
Little things count for a lot in teaching.
Little things count greatly.
Little things count, sometimes unexpectedly.
Little things count.
Little things do add up.
Little things do count.
Little things do make a huge difference.
Little things do mean a lot.
Little things do mean so much.
Little things do mean something.
Little things fall.
Little things give life meaning far beyond their size.
Little things go a long way.
Little things go wrong, nothing to worry about.
Little things happen daily.
Little things have the ability to destroy the big things.
Little things help in times of death.
Little things hold all the big things together sometimes.
Little things hurt too The truly abhorrent stories of abuse are exceptions.
Little Things is a huge map, dominated by one large space where most of the action takes place.
Little things keep happening that are fun.
Little things keep popping up.
Little things leave lasting memories.
Little things make a big difference to how effectively they can interface with their machines.
Little things make a big difference when the environment changes.
Little things make a big difference.
Little things make a Costa ship a home.
Little things make a difference, lifting spirits, dashing hopes.
Little things make a difference.
Little things make a lot of difference.
Little things make a relationship special.
Little things make a world of difference and even the busiest of fathers can contribute.
Little things make all the difference.
Little things make big differences in the long run of life.
Little things make big things happen.
Little things make home feel and look good.
Little things make such a difference.
Little things make the difference between the ordinary and the extraordinary.
Little things make the winter brighter.
Little things make up the weight.
Little things matter a great deal.
Little things matter a lot.
Little Things Mean a Lot . .
Little things mean a lot .
Little things mean a lot for people who are working hard for their companies.
Little things mean a lot in a relationship.
Little things mean a lot in employee relations.
Little things mean a lot up here.
Little things mean a lot, especially when it comes to air pollution.
Little things mean a lot.
Little things mean alot.
Little things mean everything.
Little things mean so much.
Little things multiply.
Little Things offers handmade crafts from the hills of West Virginia.
Little things pop up all the time.
Little things run the world.
Little things seem big, and big things seem positively catastrophic.
Little things separate competitive teams from contenders.
Little things spark memories and then the tears begin again.
Little things tend to be tasty.
Little things tend to make people feel good.
Little things turn into big things - whether they are positive or negative.
Little things turn into big things, and little foul shots turn into big wins.
Little things win baseball games, execution wins baseball games.
Little things win.
Every little thing adds up in the long run.
Every little thing adds up.
Every little thing can help.
Every little thing counts in a crisis.
Every little thing has a function.
Every little thing has to be detailed and justified.
Every little thing has to work right.
Every little thing helps.
Every little thing is an ordeal.
Every little thing is analyzed.
Every little thing is important and if one stops functioning everything falls apart.
Every little thing Loves the season of spring.
Every little thing makes a difference.
Every little thing makes for a real critical situation.
Every little thing means something.
Some little thing goes wrong at the start and they try to repair it.
Little thought is given to generating traffic to sites also.
Little thought is given to how the other party fares in the process.
Little thought is given to other modes or the impact.
Little thought is given to prevention.
Little thought is given to the ecology of the river or to the smaller countries downstream.
Little thought is given to the idea that some students really want to think and learn.
Little thought is given to the quality of the fuel as diesel has fairly tight specifications.
Little thought is given to water conservation for wetland habitats and ecosystem.
Little thought is given to what one sees at the movies.
Little thought is given to why local people resort to poaching.
Little thought is needed to assemble a far longer list of benefits for people, animals, and plants.
Little thought seems to have been given the question of whether to commit ground forces.
Little thoughts breed little natures.
Every little thread is pulled together so gracefully.
Little Thunder is gorgeous.
Little time is dedicated to contraception, condoms, safer-sex, and STIs.
Little time is expended on the matter in any event.
Little time is left for play.
Little time is left in one day to teach any subject in depth or have time for practice.
Little time is left to mourn the loss of a sibling.
Little time is left to participate in the finalizing of the proposed policies.
Little time is left.
Little time is needed to prepare the training experience.
Little time is required for the training sessions, but the results are very helpful.
Little time is spent investigating character, motive or backstory.
Little time is spent lecturing to the class.
Little time is spent on task.
Little time is spent on the history of spaceflight or on events after touchdown on the moon.
Little time is spent on the immigration that is occurring today.
Little time is spent relaxing, being playful or romantic.
Little time is spent sharing ideas or playing games or telling stories.
Little time is wasted here on plot or character development.
Little time remains before irreversible environmental and biodiversity disasters.
Little time remains for actual content, and the flow of the lesson is often disrupted.
Little time remains in the congressional session.
Little time remains.
Little toddlers display qualities and grow up to display the same traits in adulthood.
A little toe is a minimus
A little toe is a toe
Little toe is on inside.
Little toes are part of foots.
Little toes are toes.
Little toes can also be hotspots for pain.
Little toes fit neatly into the hole in the sidewalk.
Little touches add a lot.
Little touches can often mean a lot.
Little touches go a long way.
Little touches make a big difference .
Little touches make a difference.
Little towns are fun to examine from a light airplane.
Little towns can have big secrets.
Every little town has some claim to fame.
Some little towns have archers.
Little trace remains of the ancient mariners other then statues commemorating their feats.
Little trace remains of the mill today.
Little trains can do big things.
Little trains run off the track.
Little training is involved.
Little training is provided by the company.
Little training is provided.
Little training is required and D iseditor can even be used by novice computer users.
Little training is required to derive immediate benefits and installation is simple.
Little training is required, and a standardized version has been developed.
Little training is required.
Little transformation happens.
Little translocation takes place in the profile and the soil remains fertile.
Little treatment is available for macular degeneration.
Little trend is apparent in the data.
Little trends are important.
Little tricks are always useful.
Little tricks can sometimes help, too.
Little truisms abound.
Some little truths occur.
Little tucks gather in the top of the panel which is found on both the front and the back.
Little tummy's gorged with meat, make the most of what's to eat.
Little tunny are the only striking fish that spend the winter here.
Little turtles hatch and some crawl from their ground nests to the nearest pond.
Little tweaks make all the difference.
Little tykes can come indoors.
Little tykes can hop on the Samba Balloon Ride.
Little tykes can pour sand or water through the funnel to make the wheels spin.
Little tykes splash in their own kiddie water world.
Little underbrush can grow because little sunlight breaks through.
Little use is made of CD-ROMs.
Little use is made of listservs, newsgroups or electronic bulletin boards.
Little value is attached to the domestic and community tasks performed by women.
Little value is attained by late summer to fall chinch bug lawn treatment.
Little value is placed on the postpartum period that follows.
Little variation is apparent among households in burials or artifacts.
Little variation is found in guanacos or vicunas, which are light brown with white undersides.
Little variations are possible.
Little vegetation grows around the buildings and residences, and there are few landscaped areas.
Little vegetation grows around the incinerator site and a roadway is paved to the east.
Little vegetation grows here, and the absence of potable water makes habitation difficult.
Little vegetation grows on the thin soils of the tundra.
Little Vermilion is the largest in an eleven-lake system.
Little victories are better than none at all.
Little victories make the difference in such a world.
Little virtues are for little people.
Little voices speak so clearly.
Little water flows through the tidal channels and the marshes are elevated.
Little water is associated with fat stores, but much more water is found in muscle.
Little water is found except for a large river or pond.
Little water is granted to animals that are aquatic by nature.
Little water is lost to deep percolation if the proper amount is applied.
Little water is lost to evaporation.
Little water is needed before seedlings emerge.
Little water is retained and the sandy soil dries out quickly.
Little waves clap their hands as out to sea they roar.
Every little wave comes crashing over the front of the boat.
Little weight is to be attached to their notions.
Little whip add grudgingly, both no classroom below many quarrel discuss.
Little wildlife can survive such a major fire.
Little Wing has three bedrooms, one and a half baths and a spacious screened rear porch.
Little Wing is a superb graphic site.
Little Wishes contain messages written for elementary-age children.
Little women can eat their own weight in sandwiches and pickled eggs.
Many little women require the use of a pediatric speculum.
Little wonder focusing on strengths is an alien concept.
Little words can make a big difference for text classification.
Little words can say everything.
Little words can soothe big troubles.
Little words can work as well as big ones.
Little words have a large impact.
Little words make such large ripples.
Little words mean a lot.
Little work is expended to situate the texts historically.
Little work is needed to stand up the required entities.
Little work is required other than keeping the float clean.
Little worms live in sediments.
Many little worms coordinate.
Most little worms live in sediments.
Little wrapper turns into dress.
Little wreckage remains aft of the boilers.
Little wrist buys partially, because no pigeon below some prize bind.
Little writing is present and provides no evidence of understanding the assignment.
A little is an amount
Littles is also a player and a looper.
A littleneck is a clam
Littlenecks are the smallest of the hardshells.
Littlenecks are the smallest, tenderest and most expensive.
Littmann stethoscopes are no longer available to overseas purchasers.
Littoral currents can push swimmers or divers downcoast into rocks and other dangerous obstacles.
Littoral currents wear away the eastern ends and build up the western ends.
Littoral explosions result from the interaction of sea water with hot lava.
Littoral rights are rights of the owners of land abutting surface waters of a lake or sea.
Littoral rights are usually concerned with the use and enjoyment of the shore.
Littoral transport is from the east to west.
Littoral transport is the movement of material by waves and currents on the coastline.
Littoral transport occurs both along the shoreline, as well as into the lake and onto the shore.
A littoral zone is a coast
Littoral zones breathe life into a lake.
Liturgical abuses are common with no apparent notice of recent warnings from Rome.
Some Liturgical artists are in great demand because of their reputation, style or skill.
Liturgical calendar can never be more informative than our internet calendar.
Liturgical catechesis relates liturgical signs and symbols to the deepest human experiences.
Liturgical catechesis tends to unify the parish team.
Liturgical celebrations are frequent and relevant for our children.
Liturgical celebrations depend upon the physical presence of the gathered faithful.
Liturgical celebrations have links to the Eucharistic readings of the day.
All liturgical celebrations encourage the active participation of everyone.
Any liturgical change is fraut with unease.
Liturgical dance is a powerful art to be used in worship and bring new meaning to words on a page.
Liturgical dance plays a part in worship services from time to time.
Liturgical dancers perform about once a quarter.
Liturgical directives are disciplinary and, therefore, subject to change.
Liturgical experience is the principal way to educate for prayer.
Liturgical expression is also a matter of discipline determined by the local bishop.
Liturgical integrity is a necessary corollary of confessional fidelity.
Liturgical judgment is the consideration given to the placement of the music in the liturgy itself.
Liturgical language is about gesture and sense.
Most liturgical ministers serve as volunteers.
Liturgical ministry is a commitment to minister at one Mass every three weeks.
Liturgical ministry is rooted in a call to service.
Liturgical music is a form of prayer, please treat it as such.
Liturgical music is a very delightful, satisfying, inspirational ministry.
Liturgical music is central to our worship.
Liturgical prayer contains many elements.
Liturgical prayer is thus different from other kinds of prayer.
Liturgical renewal continues to be a high priority.
Liturgical style is also important .
Liturgical translation is an art, more than a science.
Liturgical translations have also another requirement.
Liturgical usage predominates.
A liturgist is authority
Liturgists lose control of their work the moment it is published or shared.
Liturgists serve for three-year terms.
Liturgies are complex symbolic systems mapped onto other complex symbolic systems.
Liturgies are in languages other than English.
Liturgies are rich in Native American and Hispanic culture.
Liturgies turn joyous, crosses are unveiled, and alleluias are sung for first time in six weeks.
Liturgy is a rite
Liturgy is rites.
Liturgy transforms culture and is the primary context in which evangelism takes place.
All liturgies encourage the active involvement of everyone.
Every liturgy has an short explanation of the purpose of the ceremony and some practical hints.
Livable communities embrace both values.
Livable communities resemble traditional American towns and neighborhoods.
More livable communities is a desirable national goal.
Livable Wage is about the life situation of the employee.
Livable wages are another reason people of Hispanic origin are staying in Pennsylvania.
Live acts claim the stage.
Live acts continue to pop up and blaze the mic like a joint.
Live action can do anything now.
Live action introduces a man who continually checks up of the squiggle's secret activities.
Live action is hard to pull off, because it ends up costing millions of dollars.
Live action pushes the manager away from thinking and planning.
Live action roleplaying is the wave of the future, with more systems being produced every day.
Live action shots from a fish tank.
Live action show combining comedy with cooking lessons and good nutritional advice.
Live action takes the immersion of regular role-playing one step further.
Live action tentackes Natural swimming tails Vibrating action that stimulates fish activity.
Live actors add to the overall haunt.
Live adults are silvery or blackish with a brassy luster, and the fins have a black or dusky color.
Live advice is just a click away.
Live album is good, but Live, is much better.
Live ammunition is forbidden in the classroom at all times.
Live animal shows daily.
Live animals are also a part, including sheep, a goat, and a donkey.
Live animals are always winners with kids, and make great centers.
Live animals are available for petting.
Live animals are available for students to view and identify.
Live animals are caught for local zoos.
Live animals are taboo.
Live animals contain nutrients.
Live animals continue to represent the greatest risk as a source of disease however.
Live animals have flaws.
Live animals have genetic flaws.
Live animals have legs.
Live animals have long legs.
Live animals have organs.
Live animals have skulls.
Live animals is one form of product, but meat, byproducts, manufactured goods, etc. are other forms.
Live animals produce offspring.
Live animals require diets.
Live animals require water.
Live animals spark children's interest in learning.
All live animals show both anabolism and catabolism.
Many live animals require permits.
Most live animals contain nutrients.
Most live animals have flaws.
Most live animals have genetic flaws.
Most live animals have legs.
Most live animals have long legs.
Most live animals have organs.
Most live animals produce offspring.
Most live animals require diets.
Most live animals require water.
Some live animals have claws.
Some live animals have feathers.
Some live animals rely on sound.
Some live animals rely on underwater sound.
Some live animals serve as food.
Some live animals use biological concepts.
Some live animals use concepts.
Live animation is included at the site.
Some live areas attract beetles.
Live arrival is guaranteed on all items .
Live arrival is guaranteed on all items.
Live arrival is guaranteed on all shipments.
Live arrival is guaranteed.
Live art is an impossible term.
Live arthropods have exoskeletons.
Live arthropods have hard exoskeletons.
Live arthropods have heads.
Most live arthropods have exoskeletons.
Most live arthropods have hard exoskeletons.
Most live arthropods have heads.
Live assistance is available.
Live audition is required.
Live auditions are preferable if possible.
Live auditions are preferred.
Live authors are so annoying.
Live bait has an aura of adventure about it.
Live bait has the advantage of being a natural presentation.
Live bait is a necessity for ice fishing.
Live bait is also available, including minnows, worms, frozen shrimp and more.
Live bait is also available.
Live bait is also popular for striped bass.
Live bait is always available.
Live bait is always the most natural and effective method of baitfishing.
Live bait is attractive to muttons, especially live cigar minnows.
Live bait is available at all times.
Live bait is available at both facilities.
Live bait is available at the Marina.
Live bait is available directly from offshore bait fisherman .
Live bait is available most of the time for private boats.
Live bait is available, including large and small minnows, worms, shrimp, and more.
Live bait is best, and perch prefer minnows and insect larva.
Live bait is best, but trolling redfins is a mainstay.
Live bait is best.
Live bait is defiantly the way to go right now.
Live bait is extra.
Live bait is extremely useful on the larger predatory fish like mulloway and kingfish.
Live bait is generally best for much slower presentations.
Live bait is included in price.
Live bait is more productive, though some fishermen prefer artificial lures or fly fishing.
Live bait is on hand.
Live bait is plentiful and the town offers good beaches.
Live bait is second to none.
Live bait is still the best bet for landing fish all day long.
Live bait is the best bet to catch the gator trout.
Live bait is the most effective way around the surface jetsam.
Live bait is the way to go.
Live bait rigging is a great way to cover more water quicker and find fish faster.
Live bait rigging is a technique that is often under utilized.
Live bait seems to be the local preference.
Live bait seems to be the one thing that is a sure bet.
Live baits are best to catch flounder.
Live baits are ideal, but cutbaits such as shad can also be effective.
Live baits work best.
Live baits work better than dead baits too.
Most live bait is fished on a theme and variation of the Carolina rig known to bass fishermen.
Some live bait includes mullets.
All live ball moves start from the triple-threat position facing the basket.
Live bamboo grows throughout.
Live bamboo is very tall and very flexible, swaying significantly in the breeze.
Live bands appear sporadically.
Live bands are good, but too loud for the size of the place.
Live bands are on most nights.
Live bands dish out varied music to an equally varied crowd from students to middle age types.
Live bands entertain at some of the resorts several nights a week and at some bars on weekends.
Live bands keep the place hopping and the dance floors packed.
Live bands light a fire under the room on weekends.
Live bands perform as our customers enjoy.
Live bands perform at the club most weekends.
Live bands perform blues and contemporary music.
Live bands perform contemporary and classic rock and DJs spin a mean mix between sets.
Live bands perform occasionally.
Live bands perform on weekends.
Live bands play every weekend.
Live bands play mostly folk and jazz.
Live bands play music.
Live bands play nightly atop a stage facing the bar.
Live bands play nightly, offering a variety of music from from reggae to international pop.
Live bands play on the weekends and during the week.
Live bands play regularly.
Live bands play rock, blues, jazz, funk, etc.
Live bands play there two or three nights a week.
Live bands play until the early morning hours.
Live bands provide entertainment in a variety of musical styles.
Live bands provide Latin dance music, keeping the crowds swaying into the late night hours.
Live bands spruce up the weekends.
Most live bands play music.
Live bark is white, freeze damaged bark is brown.
Live bats are one of the highlights in each program.
Live bearers are fish that are born almost fully developed, and are called fry when first born.
Live bearing is a more primitive behavior than egg laying.
Live bees create problems all of their own when it comes to international trade.
Live bidding is more exciting.
Live bidding is what generally gives a sale momentum.
A live birth is a birth
Live birth does have some advantages over laying eggs.
Live birth is a comparatively recent adaptation .
Live birth is a comparatively recent adaptation.
Live birth is also common among terrestrial snakes in warmer areas.
Live birth means that the babies come out of their mother fully formed and ready to face the world.
Live births are a common result.
Live births are births.
Live births can be hard to time.
Live Blues concert featuring Blues giants.
Live blues is better.
Live blues seems rather common in South Florida clubs.
Live branches are bright green or white just beneath the bark.
Live branches are quite flexible for most plant species.
Live broadcasts are a great opportunity to foster loyalty.
Live broadcasts are a half-hour in length and focus on various science topics and grade levels.
Live broadcasts are already a common feature on many websites.
Live broadcasts are an excellent opportunity for students to feel more motivated to learn Spanish.
Live broadcasts provide another major enhancement.
All live broadcasts are available in an on-demand state in the archive below.
All live broadcasts require the use of real-time multimedia.
Live broadcasting requires more preparation and set-up and thus requires more lead time.
Live brokers are also available via the phone.
Live bunker is the old-school bait of choice.
Live butterfly releases for weddings and other events.
Live cacti complete the scene.
Live cams are another aspect of the multimedia experience available on the Web.
Live cams are video cameras that send their data in real time to a Web server.
Live cams provide another dimension to the Web.
Live camera is a reliable winner.
Live camera is cool.
Live camera is light.
Live camera shots from around the world.
Live cameras monitor fall color in various eastern states.
Live cameras track traffic patterns for analysis and driver information.
Live cards require that a card issuer be registered.
Live cases go beyond ordinary class participation in the depth and detail of the information given.
Live catches require well-practiced timing.
Live cells exclude the dye.
Live chameleons are sold in the local markets in Africa.
Live charts track every tic and trade made throughout the day.
Live chats are also possible.
Live chats are popular, and there is free on-line training and support.
Live chatrooms provide a forum in which patients can communicate with other patients.
Live churches evangelize.
Live churches focus on people.
Live churches have lots of noisy kids.
Live churches move out in faith.
Live circuit tests Each of the modems was tested on live copper loops.
Live CLEs can be purposeful events.
Live coals can burn for as long as one or two days after being used.
Live coelacanths live in deep water.
Live coelacanths live in water.
Most live coelacanths live in deep water.
Most live coelacanths live in water.
Some live coelacanths have many similarity.
Some live coelacanths have similarity.
Live commentary is provided on the boat, in numerous languages.
Live concerts have unique moments of excitement, and the creation of an event.
Live concerts involve a complex light show.
Live connection is made up of a connection manager and cliettes.
Live contact is better at a trade show.
Live conversation is the acid test, of course.
Live conversation is the ultimate information exchange medium.
Live coral has many very beautiful colours.
Live corals require strong lighting, with proper spectrum and immaculately clean systems.
Some live corals produce excess slime when shipped.
Live coverage includes real-time Webcasts, continuously updated story, linescore and boxscore.
Live coverage is available at the Website.
Live crabs are best.
Live crabs are the best bait followed by deep-diving crankbaits, which imitate crayfish.
Live creatures adapt to environments.
Live creatures consume milk products.
Live creatures consume products.
Live creatures emit gases.
Live creatures have predators.
Live creatures have survival.
Live creatures hide from predators.
Live creatures ingest food.
Most live creatures adapt to environments.
Most live creatures consume milk products.
Most live creatures emit gases.
Most live creatures have predators.
Most live creatures have survival.
Most live creatures hide from predators.
Some live creatures lose weight.
Live crickets are the best bait.
Live crickets prefer songs with a faster syllable rate.
Live Critters Learn about the lives of exotic insects and reptiles.
Some live crocodilians have equivalents.
Live cultures can be difficult to sustain.
Live dates are in the diary, records are in the discography.
Live data are frequently numerical or computable.
Live data is used to test the system.
Live debates allow viewers to make their own decisions about which candidate is best for the job.
Live decoys require particular attention in the field.
Live delivery is guaranteed on same day or next day delivery.
Live demonstrations are almost always a failure, particularly for technology products.
Live demonstrations are also part of the technical programme.
Live demonstrations have higher impact than tapes or still images.
Live demonstrations provide the look and feel of an actual classroom.
Live detection is based on lack of response from a site, i.e. timeouts.
Live discussions require free registration.
Live doctrine fossilizes into dogmatism.
Live donors are healthy people.
Live drummers accompany the piece with traditional rhythmic patterns of the islands.
Live ducks wiwth a thin harness carry the soda cans.
Some live echinoderms have develop larvae.
Some live echinoderms have larvae.
Live eels is the best available bait for the stripers.
Live effects are simply effects that are removable and editable.
Live eggs are a clear yellowish color.
Live encoding is straightforward.
Live encoding occurs when encoding is from a live source to a static file.
Live encoding offers real time simulcast capabilities for large campus events.
Live endorsements carry an authoritarian validation to even non-traditional products or services.
Live entertainment adds to the energy on weekends and Wednesdays.
Live entertainment adds to the fun.
Live entertainment can be somewhat limited in it's ability to play a variety.
Live entertainment complements the film.
Live entertainment enhances the atmosphere, and food and drink are available.
Live entertainment enhances the event.
Live entertainment fills our living room with music or sing-alongs.
Live entertainment includes a dance band and folkloric show.
Live entertainment includes bands and street clowns.
Live entertainment includes calypso, goombay music and limbo dancing.
Live entertainment includes Chinese dancers, acrobats, storytellers and martial arts demonstrations.
Live entertainment includes performances from a local dance studio and a jazz band.
Live entertainment is a part of every Hawaiian luau.
Live entertainment is also a favorite part of the festival.
Live entertainment is also available.
Live entertainment is also on hand.
Live entertainment is available during happy hours.
Live entertainment is available for special occasions.
Live entertainment is available in Two Cans.
Live entertainment is available several times each week.
Live entertainment is available upon request.
Live entertainment is available.
Live entertainment is featured daily in the central open-air courtyard.
Live entertainment is featured every week year round.
Live entertainment is featured most weekends.
Live entertainment is featured nightly.
Live entertainment is featured on holiday weekends and on special occasions.
Live entertainment is featured on the outdoor patio overlooking Mission Bay.
Live entertainment is featured on weekends in the saloon, year-round.
Live entertainment is featured on weekends.
Live entertainment is featured some evenings.
Live entertainment is featured throughout the weekend as well.
Live entertainment is found at local clubs, hotels, halls and schools.
Live entertainment is found at most night spots.
Live entertainment is generally available somewhere on the property every day of the week.
Live entertainment is infrequent, but some international artists do perform in Qatar.
Live entertainment is limited to occasional strolling musicians.
Live entertainment is listed in Nightlife.
Live entertainment is offered in summer.
Live entertainment is offered nightly at Dockside.
Live entertainment is offered on four stages featuring some of the Bay Area's favorite performers.
Live entertainment is offered on most weekends, and there is a large-screen television.
Live entertainment is offered on select evenings.
Live entertainment is offered on weekends.
Live entertainment is planned for the near future.
Live entertainment is planned.
Live entertainment is presented on weekends.
Live entertainment is provided at selected times during the season.
Live entertainment is provided at the outdoor amphitheater.
Live entertainment is provided by local performers, and the event is FREE to the public.
Live entertainment is provided daily in the lounge.
Live entertainment is provided daily.
Live entertainment is provided during our cocktail hour.
Live entertainment is provided during the hunt.
Live entertainment is provided in the afternoon and evenings daily except on Sundays.
Live entertainment is provided in the cocktail lounge and lobby bar.
Live entertainment is provided most week-ends.
Live entertainment is provided on at least four evenings a week during the main season.
Live entertainment is provided on several evenings, making it a favoured place of the resort.
Live entertainment is provided throughout the day by professional bands and local amateur talent.
Live entertainment is recital.
Live entertainment is scheduled almost all day - every day.
Live entertainment is scheduled every other week.
Live entertainment is scheduled throughout the event.
Live entertainment is scheduled to continue well into the night after the quiz.
Live entertainment is scheduled weekly.
Live entertainment is sufficient on just on Sundays.
Live entertainment offers variety and a fun-filled atmosphere.
Live entertainment performs most nights.
Live entertainment plays in the evenings.
Live entertainment plays in the lounge in the evenings.
Live entertainment plays several times a month.
Live entertainment sets the mood with the areas best jazz artists.
Live entertainment takes place throughout the village.
Live entertainment takes the stage every night in the beer tent.
Live enzymes feed the body, mind and spirit.
Live events are a convenient, cost-effective way to provide professional development seminars.
Live Events begin on time and last exactly one hour.
Live Events Check out our schedule of Live chat events given by industry professionals.
Live events schedule.
All live events are available free of charge to educators.
Some live events are now also available over the Internet via video streaming .
Some live events are quite simply, nothing of the sort.
Some Live events take place in the Auditorium room of live chat.
Live examples are best.
Live exhibits are one of the most effective ways of getting the message across.
Live exhibits focus on native California wildlife.
Live experience is essential.
Live exports are vital to the agricultural economy.
Live fans mean more live shows.
Live feed is essential to the early stages of developing larvae.
Live feed provide more protein than pelleted feed and all the amino acids essential to fish.
Live feeds are also available.
Live feeds are really the key.
Live field reports on damage assessments and the recovery effort underway.
Live fire exercises at platoon and company and team level.
Live fire is a necessity, however.
Live fish are best on the bottom using a slip-sinker type rig where the fish can swim freely.
Live fish provide the best action.
All live fish are perishable and can only be shipped at certain times.
Live flux includes understory and trees.
Live food can also be part of the diet of live-bearers.
Live food causes problems.
Live food consists of fruits and vegetables that come from the earth.
Live food gives life.
Live food is a favorite food throughout the growing process and adult birds also enjoy the treat.
Live food is absolutely the best food for our fish.
Live food is also essential during the breeding season.
Live food is also readily available.
Live food is always good when obtainable, but several caveats are in order.
Live food is an important source of protein for healthy birds and reptiles in the wild.
Live food is avoided if at all possible.
Live food is cherished by most pheasants and peafowl.
Live food is necessary for health.
Live food is the best food for live organisms including people.
Live foods are another great option for feeding.
Live foods are best, and freshly-hatched baby brine shrimp are ideal for both fry and adults.
Live foods are excellent for bringing fish into breeding condition.
Live foods are foods that have neither been cooked nor processed.
Live foods are often the key to bringing fish into breeding condition.
Live foods are preferred.
Live foods are so demanding and are absolutely contrary to any other style of food preparation.
Live foods are the best.
Live foods contain structured water.
Live footage is filmed with a video camera from a boardroom, or concert hall.
Live fuels burn actively.
Live games are available for all home events.
Live gems are good and dead gems are bad.
Live gigs involve a lot of improvisation.
Live goldfish are legal baitfish.
Live grains make the difference because they have more nutrients and they taste better.
Live greenbacks are the bait of choice.
Live help is also available via chat room and telephone.
Live horse racing season is from fall to spring, with simulcast wagering every day.
Live images are available during certain times of the day.
Live information can assimilated.
Live information displays at bus stops.
Live insects are much more nutritious as well.
Live insects attract lots of attention.
Some live insects make noise.
Live instruction is offered by certified teachers who are on-line at specific times.
Live instructors conduct each self-paced program using online, print, and video materials.
Live interaction can significantly increase sales and satisfaction at a very low cost.
Live interaction is encouraged throughout the site.
Live interaction is provided.
Live interviews are another option.
Live interviews can encourage pranksters to influence coverage.
Any live interview is considered an advance for free speech.
Live jazz is featured here and taped jazz is available every night.
Live jazz is incredible.
Live jazz is just a few blocks away.
Live jazz is performed by a group of artists who grew up during the Kansas City swing era.
Live jazz is performed on the terrace, which has a worthwhile view of the Chicago skyline.
Live jazz is played every night.
Live jazz provides a terrific backdrop to the gorgeous food and wonderful service.
Live jazz sets a festive mood for the grand opening celebration.
Live jazz shows and a pub crawl are also in the works.
Live knots are much stronger.
Live labs are more the rule in the second part of the course.
Live larvae develop into worms.
Live larvae feed on bacteria.
Live larvae feed on plankton.
Live length is adjustable for calibration.
Live lesbian shows.
Live lice are the size of a small ant, but well camouflaged and move quickly from light.
Live lice are tiny wingless insects that crawl into the hair.
Live life don t cry about it.
Live links have commentaries already provided.
Live links indicate that the center is actively recruiting patients.
Some live links are simply pictures.
Live load is load
Live load is load.
Live load is the combined weight of occupants, furniture and snow.
Live loads are generally of short duration.
Live loads are loads put on the structure after it is built.
Live loads are temporary and can produce pulsing, vibratory, or impact stresses.
Live loads can come from people, cars, weather - like rain, snow, wind, waves, earthquakes.
Live lobster have incredibly powerful claws and can be dangerous.
Live lobsters are usually bluish green in color.
Live lobsters range in color from brownish rust to bright blue to greenish brown.
Live maggots can be a valuable supplement to the diet of rural chickens.
Live magicians are available almost any time.
Live mantids are available online.
Live marine shows with dolphins and sea lions, plus alligators, sharks, aquariums and birds.
Live market is steady.
Live mass is recorded at the first capture in each trapping period.
Live mass is recorded during the first capture of an individual on a trapline.
Live meetings require organizers to find a specific window of time to fit participants' schedules.
Live minnows are available at many shops.
Live minnows are illegal on the lake.
Live minnows work extremely well as do the jig and pig, spinnerbaits, and crankbaits.
Live models display saris and there is even a saree exchange facility.
Some live monotremes lack teeth.
Live mice spread cats .
Live mullet are now available at some locations.
Live music accompanies all ballet and modern dance classes.
Live music accompanies dinner each night.
Live music adds an edge to the pinball and pool games at least four nights a week.
Live music adds to the atmosphere.
Live music adds to the excitement in the air and food and beverages are available.
Live music adds to the perfect evening.
Live music begins after the films.
Live music begins to imitate technologically mediated music.
Live music brightens every meeting.
Live music brings in new patrons while dispelling the library's fuddy-duddy reputation.
Live music brings something that nothing else can.
Live music brings the Dead Sea to life, complemented by the breath-taking desert views.
Live music captures the emotion and high energy of the music . . .
Live music completes the bill at the restaurant.
Live music completes the experience on the weekends.
Live music demands to be listened to.
Live music enhances the ambiance.
Live music entertains diners on weekend nights.
Live music entertains from early afternoon till late evening.
Live music evngs only.
Live music features in the evenings, at least on some nights.
Live music features piano, organ, drums, three guitars and up to a dozen singers in each service.
Live music fills the streets of downtown.
Live music follows the races each night.
Live music happens on special occasions.
Live music involves a transaction between producer and audience.
Live music is a big part of the venue.
Live music is a feature at the Pirate Cove on a regular basis.
Live music is a focal point, happening seven nights a week.
Live music is a plus on weekends.
Live music is a plus.
Live music is a regular feature during the summer months.
Live music is a staple for both the lunch and dinner crowds.
Live music is alive and kicking, albeit a tad inconsistently.
Live music is all about sweat and energy.
Live music is also available.
Live music is also just as worthwhile as live theater.
Live music is also really popular on campus.
Live music is an amazing thing.
Live music is another new addition.
Live music is available every night in the city.
Live music is available seven nights a week.
Live music is available some weekends.
Live music is big on campus with nationally acclaimed bands visiting bringing a host of stars.
Live music is by far the most lively and dynamic form of event entertainment.
Live music is discussed.
Live music is divine juice for the soul.
Live music is featured nightly at Prohibition but is meant to be complimentary to the environment.
Live music is featured on the weekends.
Live music is featured regularly.
Live music is featured some nights.
Live music is featured Thursdays through Saturdays.
Live music is hard to beat.
Live music is just so great.
Live music is laid on once a month with a variety to suit all tastes.
Live music is music .
Live music is offered every evening.
Live music is offered five nights a week.
Live music is offered once a month.
Live music is often a feature on weekend nights.
Live music is often a popular feature here.
Live music is performed during the international buffet lunch and also during the evening.
Live music is performed here during the lunch hour and on weekends.
Live music is played in several of the pubs throughout the week.
Live music is provided and there is dancing in the streets.
Live music is provided by a variety of bands and organists in relaxed and pleasant surroundings.
Live music is provided by in-house musicians every evening except Sundays.
Live music is provided by the State Line Play boys.
Live music is provided during the winter season.
Live music is provided for dancing under the stars by the pool.
Live music is provided four nights a week.
Live music is provided throughout the evening by the resident band for dancing into the early hours.
Live music is really, really taken for granted.
Live music is scheduled a couple of times a month and during special events.
Live music is scheduled for both days.
Live music is scheduled on most weekends and open-mic nights are common.
Live music is scheduled on regular nights.
Live music is squeezed in front of the brewhouse near the bar and lit by overhead track lights.
Live music is such a treat.
Live music is the only way to go.
Live music is the soundtrack to their lives.
Live music is used to accompany ballet, modern, and jazz classes.
Live music is very popular in Alaska.
Live music is what attracts many to the Garden.
Live music is where it's at.
Live music is, in most cases, much more effective than recorded music.
Live music keeps popping up in new places.
Live music performed on flute, violin, and tamboura is interwoven with the readings.
Live music pervades the air and both strollers and sitters enjoy the sights.
Live music plays regularly.
Live music plays seasonally in the late afternoon and early evening.
Live music provides background sounds.
Live music provides entertainment on occasions during the week.
Live music provides good entertainment during the whole evening, dancing is recommended.
Live music rocks the rafters nightly until closing.
Live music round the piano or guitar is especially enjoyable.
Live music runs the gamut from acoustic and blues to rock.
Live music s better.
Live music seems less common.
Live music sets the mood and ambiance for an enjoyable reception.
Live music sets the mood of any event.
Live music slides perfectly into the eclectic atmosphere.
Live music spills from the third floor to all levels of the cubbyholed pub.
Live music sucks.
Live music tends to be rare with most clubs preferring to play recorded music.
Live music varies depending on the night.
Live music varies every week.
Live musicians play for their classes, sometimes an entire quartet of traditional instruments.
Live musicians serenade the diners but unfortunately their music merely added to the din.
Some live musicians join in.
Live mussels are an ideal food for cultured rock lobsters.
Live mycelium is grown to fill the mold cavity.
Live networks give students hands-on experience.
Live news feeds covering hot stories, rumors, and after the close events.
Live news feeds covering the internet and technology, for free.
Live news feeds plus stock quotes and cash-saving links on our indispensable utilities page.
Live news feeds.
Live nits can be difficult to spot because they are tan-coloured and blend in with the hair.
Live nutrients begin to die as soon as the juice is prepared.
Live oak is found in the southeastern Coastal Plain on sandy and often wet sites.
Live oak is found on higher topographic sites as well as hammocks in marshes and swamps.
Live oak is oak
Live oak is oak.
Live oak is one ofthe heayier woods.
Live oak is used in ships.
Live oak sprigs, symbolic of the state s tree, complete the design.
Live oaks are also common in dry regions of Texas.
Live oaks are evergreens with rounded, leathery leaves.
Live oaks are powerful trees, frequently tearing up the sidewalks laid over their roots.
Live oaks grow in regions of southern Europe that have mild winters.
Live oaks have gnarly limbs.
Some live oak grows in zones.
Some live oak provides habitats.
Live ones do.
Live ones get a variety of medicines, ultrasounds and other tests.
Live opera adds a whole other dimension to the music.
Live operators are also available to help callers if needed.
Live operators offer assistance and referrals.
Live orchestra is available.
Live orchestras play occasionally, but deejays provide the bulk of the music.
Live organisms derive nutrients.
Live organisms eat plants.
Live organisms have certain characteristics.
Live organisms have characteristics.
Live organisms have complexity.
Live organisms have distinct structures.
Live organisms have organs.
Live organisms have structures.
Live organisms have types.
Live organisms have weight.
Live organisms play roles.
Live organisms produce acid.
Live organisms undergo evolution.
Live organisms use carbohydrates.
Live organisms use features.
Most live organisms have certain characteristics.
Most live organisms have characteristics.
Most live organisms have complexity.
Most live organisms have distinct structures.
Most live organisms have organs.
Most live organisms have structures.
Most live organisms have types.
Most live organisms have weight.
Most live organisms undergo evolution.
Some live organisms make food.
Live oysters hold their shells tightly closed.
All live parts are non-ferrous.
Live penguins can be an economic resource, since they attract tourists.
Live performance is a unique experience.
Live performance is live performance.
Live performance is part of our collective culture.
Live performance is the future.
Live performance is uncomfortable.
Live performance tears down the walls of isolation.
Live performances allow the musicians creative freedom.
Live performances are a better representation of the band than anything in the studio.
Live performances are another example.
Live performances are subject to availability.
Live performances are to be found seven days a week.
Live performances are to some extent spontaneous.
Live performances can be hairy.
Live performances excite kid' s imaginations and can inspire home productions.
Live performances excite kid's imaginations and can inspire home productions.
Live performances feature the members in period costuming.
Live performances perish as notes float from musicians to tingling ears.
Live performances take place throughout the week.
Every live performance spreads that word.
Live personalities round out the schedule.
Live photos are in the Media section.
Live piano persists in a listenable way nightly and at brunch.
Live picture updates every minute.
Live pictures are available during daylight hours, and at night if the scene is lighted.
Live pinfish are also effective.
Live plants are a wonderful gift for any occasion.
Live plants are acceptable as long as they can withstand the constant digging.
Live plants are acceptable.
Live plants are among the most beautiful and natural aquarium decorations available.
Live plants are an excellent filtration system, as well as being attractive in a tank.
Live plants are beautiful.
Live plants are extremely beneficial.
Live plants can add that perfect decorating touch with little required maintenance.
Live plants can be a great addition to any tank.
Live plants can be difficult to keep alive indoors, so it's usually best to go with plastic foliage.
Live plants can help make a beautiful, natural aquarium.
Live plants give an area a finished look.
Live plants help increase and maintain humidity.
Live plants help keep the humidity high and add an additional aesthetic value to the whole set up .
Live plants help maintain humidity and provide cover.
Live plants help to breakdown pollutants in the tank such as nitrates.
Live plants Includes cuttings, roots, bulbs, corns, rhizomes and stems.
Live plants make a wonderful gift.
Live plants represent growth, which helps balance out the negative effects of the fireplace.
Live plants require the proper lighting to thrive.
Live plants serve a real purpose in an aquarium.
Live plants thrive in a bathroom that has light.
Live plants top the high shelves, a clue that someone here takes the time to be nurturing.
Many live plants are OK in aviaries.
More live plants means more dead plants later on.
Live players cost more but very often make the difference between a nice track and a huge track.
Live prawns are the second most important natural food.
Live presentations are available by expert staff.
Live presentations provide introduction to astronomy and the night sky.
Live presentations take place throughout the museum and auditorium.
Live prey are killed by a bite to the neck.
Live prey is constricted and killed.
Some live prey kills snakes.
Live productions range from classics to the avant-garde.
Live Programs See our offering of live courses.
Live programming includes music, performance, and information.
Live programming is exciting, immediate and provides the opportunity for audience feedback.
Live programming is used most commonly only for distance learning classes.
Live programming makes up two-thirds of our broadcast day.
Live programming works much better than taped.
Live quotes are available after registration and some software downloading.
Live race calls from many tracks, and archived calls too.
Live radio shows.
Live recording captures various streams of information and actions during a lecture.
Live recordings have that special vibrancy that give a sense of excting immediacy.
Live recordings have the potential to be very good or very bad.
Live recordings made throughout the years are available for purchase as well.
Most live recordings are full of very high peaks, and very quiet valleys.
Live reptile shows hourly.
Live response adds value to the learning experience.
Live Results are no longer available.
Live results demo.
Live Rock is collected and many of the life forms on it die.
Live rock is rock from the ocean that has been introduced into a saltwater aquarium .
Live rock is rock that is from the ocean and is the foundation of the development of coral reefs.
Live Rock provides a habitat for invertebrates and larger plants.
Live rock see the definition for coral rock.
Live rock shows from time to time.
Live rocks are an important way to build up a complete and stable ecosystem for a coral reef.
All live rock is collected from inshore waters, without damage to the reef structure.
Live rodents can cause serious injuries or death within a matter of minutes.
Live rodents can injure the snake, sometimes fatally.
Live rooms have windows.
Most live rooms have windows.
Some live rooms have fireplaces.
Some live rooms have gas fireplaces.
Some live rooms have natural gas fireplaces.
Live roots are light blue against a black background.
Live sardines are the ticket.
Live scoreboards are awsome.
Most live seafood is sourced from nearby Southeast Asian countries.
Live seminar includes segments from top professional speakers.
Live sessions utilize a state of the art chat server, which allows users to log in with any browser.
Live sex is available.
Live sex is our specialty.
Live sex is their specialty.
Live sex shows with chat.
Live shad are best bet for bait.
Live shad is the best bait now.
Live shad IS the best.
Live shells collected by divers are much more uncommon.
Live shiners are good for bass and catfish.
Live shiners are good, as are plastic worms and weedless spoons.
Some live shoots can emerge from infected areas.
Live shots are full of energy.
Live shots eat airtime inexpensively and highlight the reporter staff.
Live show is dynamic.
Live shows are a blast.
Live shows are generally infrequent.
Live shows are more difficult.
Live shows are pretty rare in industrial music.
Live shows are still anomalies in cyberspace.
Live shows constitute an important part of any singer s career.
Some live shows are all-ages.
Some live shows are also immenent.
Live shrimp is a go-to secret for hooking dolphin.
Live sightings are almost invariably from deep water.
Live situations are also an essential training tool.
Live slugs can push off pop-off lids or eat their way out of cardboard containers.
Live sound can be very dynamic and can overdrive the system if the input fader is set to high.
Live sound is an ongoing problem for most acoustic performers.
Live sound is less processed.
Live specimens are brought in by the students and the teachers.
Live specimens are light, translucent yellowish green.
Live specimens are preferred.
Live sphagnum is best because sphagnum makes acid that kills bacteria and fungi.
Live stage acts along with with 'record hops' attracted crowds from the tri-state area.
Live stakes are long hardwood cuttings that are planted outdoors without rooting hormone.
Live stakes are willow branches cut into lengths of one or two feet.
Live statistics measure the total number of links and categories.
Live streams live shows over the internet using the latest streaming technology.
Live strip shows, live cams, e-mail the boys.
Live strip shows.
Live studio broadcasts on the Internet.
Live Studios has a wide variety of services to offer.
Live stuff is extra and that is often maybe close to double the usual time.
Live support chat .
Live surgery is under way on a large screen at the front of a darkened hotel conference room.
Live tapes are a big part of why moe.
Live teachers act as coaches, motivators and encouragers.
Live team seminars with demos and tutorials.
Live technicians are available at the times and locations indicated.
Live television is a merciless taskmaster.
Live television is a real hoot.
Live television is great for a couple of reasons.
Live television is great.
Live television is unpredictable.
All live testimony is given under oath and recorded by audio tape.
Live testing allows online retailers to get a holistic sense of what is driving the market.
Live theater is active and varied.
Live theater is alive and well in Detroit.
Live theater is different every night.
Live theatre is all too rare in our increasingly high-tech society.
Live theatre is central to our program of study, which stresses learning through involvement.
Live theatre is something very different.
Live things begin to die.
Every live thing is a survivor on a kind of extended emergency bivouac.
Live ticks are the best specimens for testing.
Live time is considered to be the time between a store and a read hit, or two consecutive read hits.
Live tissue contains blood vessels.
Live tissue contains vessels.
Most live tissue contains blood vessels.
Most live tissue contains vessels.
Some live tissue has potential.
Some live tissue has surface potential.
Live topiaries add a wonderful fresh presence that only live flowers can provide.
Live training is available upon request for a fee.
Live training is superior to taped training.
Live transmission can bring immediate update.
All live transmissions originate from the Extension office or the courthouse courtroom.
Live traps are a good alternative.
Live traps are also effective.
Live traps are available at the animal control shelter or purchased from hardware stores.
Live traps are available to help citizens humanely rid themselves of animal nuisances.
Live traps are effective in capturing woodchucks.
Live traps are extremely safe and simple mechanisms that catch cats easily and humanely.
Live traps are one of the most common ways to catch a badger.
Live traps catch the mink without killing it.
Some live traps have doors on either side of the trap, while others have only a single entrance.
Live trapping can be an effective way to remove cottontail rabbits.
Live trapping can sometimes be difficult, but is effective.
Live trapping is a poor solution at any time of year, moreso in winter.
Live trapping is also an effective way to capture armadillos.
Live trapping is an effective method of reducing woodchuck numbers in a small area.
Live trapping is very good for one or two problem animals.
Live trees are dangerous.
Live trees are least desirable because racoons and snake predation on nests seems to be worst there.
Live trees can make a beautiful addition to any landscape after the holidays.
Live trees dry out very quickly, especially in heated homes.
Live TV has all the excitement of working on a high wire without a net.
Live TV is a hoot.
Live TV is the ultimate medium.
Live vaccines are particularly risky.
Live vaccines are usually more potent than inactivated vaccines.
Live vaccines possess a higher risk of contamination with micro-organisms than other vaccines.
Live vaccines utilize weakened or dead organisms to stimulate an antibody response from the body.
Some live vaccines cause diseases.
Live vegetables are much like sprouts or seeds.
Live video feeds and chat are available.
Live video feeds from around the world.
Live video feeds with chat.
Live video feeds.
Live video is available to anyone using a Web browser.
Live video is blurry at best and prone to freezing.
Live video is less prevalent than pre-recorded footage, and for good reason.
Live video uses up a lot of space on a network.
Some live video feeds.
Live viruses require special handling.
Live volcanoes add acres to the Big Island's coastline annually.
Live weeds are also good because the weeds are still producing oxygen.
Live weights are in parenthesis.
Live whales are more valuable than dead whales.
Live windows update the total value of any number of portfolios in real time.
Live wire is a worker
Live wire is up.
Some live wire carries electromagnets.
Live wood has a white center and green inner bark.
Live wood is green and has plump, healthy buds.
Live words are live words, dead words are dead words.
Live worms are notorious for harvesting bacteria and other parasites.
Live yeast is a necessary ingredient in making yeast bread.
Lives  breathes.
Lives  breathing.
Lives  dies.
Lives  eats.
Lives  life.
Lives are albums.
Lives are books.
Lives are motivated by the goal of cans.
Lives are motivated by the goal of finish.
Lives are motivated by the goal of likes.
Lives are motivated by the goal of love.
Lives are mysteries.
Lives end with dies.
Lives start with borns.
Lives start with breathes.
Lives start with thinks.
Many liveborn piglets die because they starve.
Lived experience is poured into the moulds of roles.
Lived memory is composed of accidental details, retained by a logic beyond our control.
Lived values create coherence.
LiveJournal work is much more interesting than schoolwork.
A livelihood is a resource
Livelihood is over.
Livelihood underpins our ability to create whole and healthy communities.
Livelihoods are at stake.
Livelihoods depend on it.
All livelihood is within a walking distance.
Some livelihoods have few water demands.
Lively acids stuggle to make an impression.
Lively acidity holds it all together.
Lively activities page and message board.
Lively affections make golden services.
Lively animals act out action words like climb , ride , and jump .
Lively argument is valued Germany.
Lively articles cover everything from foundations to roofing, from framing to finishing.
Lively bars draw crowds for Happy Hour menus and specialty cocktails.
Lively characters fill the airport with their varying colors and highlights.
Lively colors make the room look bright and cheerful.
Lively colors offer a brighter alternative to black.
Lively controversy continues to surround the trees today.
Lively conversation is conducted in a very sisterly atmosphere which knows no taboos.
Lively debate abounds in some conferences.
Lively debate is a hallmark of a vital society.
Lively debate is guaranteed for all.
Lively debate is healthy.
Lively debate is indispensable to the continuation of free thought and free expression.
Lively debate is the norm.
Much lively debate precedes the voting for purchase of stocks.
Lively decor completes the atmosphere.
Lively discussion continues after the meeting at a local restaurant.
Lively discussion is always welcome and refreshments are provided.
Lively discussion is always welcome.
Lively discussion is encouraged within the normal bounds of courtesy and common sense.
Lively discussion is encouraged.
Lively discussion is located in meetings.
Lively discussion is welcomed and time is spent praying for each other's needs.
Lively discussion takes place in the den and other places out of earshot of the rooms.
Lively discussions are sure to take place as students decide which path to take.
Lively discussions can take place over e-mail lists.
Lively discussions exploring solutions to real problems are the hallmark of an excellent school.
Lively discussions prevail.
Many lively discussions occur here.
Lively eyes dance in faces darkened by the sun and cheeks made rosy by the wind.
Lively historians provide briefings on rich history of the region.
Lively humor helps to lighten the situation.
Lively illustrations add an amusing twist to the wealth of detail.
Lively imaginations hear a shriek when it is pulled from the ground.
Lively keyboards fill the air with tumbling riffs and burbling electronic effects.
Lively languages adapt to changing inputs.
Lively letters pages Our readers think about things and love their town dearly.
Lively paintings compliment the text.
Lively parties take place at most fire houses.
Lively pelicans keep a fisherman company in the waters off the idyllic beach.
Lively photo spreads show members on the job and at union activities.
Lively pub is especially fun during sports events and happy hour.
Lively restaurants predominate the area.
Lively seasonings make many entrees memorable.
Some lively series do continue nevertheless.
Lively sidebars offer a closer look at Oregon's natural repertoire.
Lively signs are concrete activities and projects.
Lively songs make learning and singing fun.
Lively story telling heightens real incidents of the heroes lives.
Lively sweetness is balanced by sustained acidity giving a charming clean finish.
Lively tape features real animal sounds and catchy lyrics.
Lively teaching can exact a toll.
Lively text is illustrated with photographs, drawings, and activities.
Lively tunes punctuate the numbers as they move from the simple to the complex.
Lively verbs energize the writing.
Lively weekend awaits A parade, a horse show and a craft show are in store.
Lively writing has other enemies than wordiness.
Liveness failures are possible.
Liver abscess can result from infections or penetrating injuries to the liver.
Liver abscess is more common in adolescents and adults.
Liver abscesses are a problem with cattle fed high concentrate rations.
Liver abscesses are common when high grain rations are fed.
Liver abscesses can be prevalent in cattle with erratic feed intakes fed high concentrate diets.
Liver abscesses can occur without previous diarrhea.
Liver biopsies are optional.
Liver biopsies can follow the progress through four stages.
Liver biopsies reveal gradual disappearance of intrahepatic bile ducts.
Liver biopsy can be a valuable diagnostic tool and is indicated during most exploratory celiotomies.
Liver biopsy can demonstrate the extent of liver injury.
Liver biopsy indicates persistent hepatitis.
Liver biopsy is a safe and important diagnostic tool for liver disease.
Liver biopsy is a safe procedure when performed by experienced operators.
Liver biopsy is also important in determining if the patient has cirrhosis.
Liver biopsy is an important tool for the physician.
Liver biopsy is considered minor surgery and is done at the hospital.
Liver biopsy is done to establish the degree of liver tissue damage.
Liver biopsy is done under local anesthesia.
Liver biopsy is helpful in staging the severity of disease.
Liver biopsy is often necessary to help sort out the various causes of liver disease.
Liver biopsy is requested if safe to perform.
Liver biopsy is the best way to assess disease progression.
Liver biopsy shows plugging of sinusoids in large mononuclear cells.
Liver biopsy shows typical findings for alcoholic liver disease.
Liver cancer can also lead to abdominal swelling and a feeling of fullness or bloating.
Liver cancer can also occur in people with cirrhosis from alcohol abuse.
Liver cancer can be deadly.
Liver cancer can be difficult to treat.
Liver cancer can lead to loss of appetite, weight loss, fever, fatigue and weakness.
Liver cancer is a liver disease
Liver cancer is a malignant tumor in the liver, the largest organ inside the body.
Liver cancer is a very sad death.
Liver cancer is a very serious thing.
Liver cancer is also related to alcohol use.
Liver cancer is called primary if the tumor starts from cells of the liver.
Liver cancer is cancer.
Liver cancer is carcinoma
Liver cancer is carcinoma.
Liver cancer is difficult to control unless the cancer is found when it is very small.
Liver cancer is difficult to diagnose early because patients often exhibit few symptoms.
Liver cancer is diseases.
Liver cancer is found four times more often in men than in women.
Liver cancer is liver diseases.
Liver cancer is more common in men than in women.
Liver cancer is more common in men than it is in women.
Liver cancer is one of the most deadly forms of the disease.
Liver cancer is one of the most prevalent and deadly forms of cancer in the world today.
Liver cancer is quite rare, but it is usually fatal within a year of diagnosis.
Liver cancer is thought to be one of the three commonest cancers worldwide.
Liver cancer is usually a contraindication to transplantation, except in experimental protocols.
Liver cancer is usually fatal within six months.
Liver cancer is usually fatal.
Liver cancer is very difficult to cure or control.
Liver cancer provides another interesting example of what incessant irritation can cause.
Liver cancer represents an abnormal growth of cells that arise from the tissue of the liver.
Liver cancer starts within a single cell.
Some liver cancer has chances.
Liver cells are animal cells.
Liver cells are large and foamy.
Liver cells are somatic cells.
Liver cells become scarred and fibrous.
Liver cells break down protein and glycogen, converting both into glucose.
Liver cells can divide when needed, to replace damaged cells.
Liver cells can synthesize and store triglycerides.
Liver cells gather where the liver have to be.
Liver cells have many jobs.
Liver cells release glucose into the blood to keep the blood levels of glucose constant.
Liver cells show a strong ability to regrow.
Liver cirrhosis is a major cause of illness, death, and consumption of medical resources.
Liver cirrhosis is irreversible.
Liver damage appears to be the result of increased liver cell death.
Liver damage can also occur.
Liver damage can also result.
Liver damage can be a side effect of intravenous feeding.
Liver damage can become so severe that the only option is a transplant.
Liver damage can continue for months, but as patients improve, the cytokine levels decrease.
Liver damage can impair lipid digestion and cause cardiovascular portal hypertension.
Liver damage can occur at higher doses.
Liver damage can occur unnoticed especially in children who experiment with drugs.
Liver damage can occur.
Liver damage is a major side effect of chronic steroid abuse by athletes.
Liver damage is a rare side effect of anti-androgens.
Liver damage is a rare side effect of the drug.
Liver damage is a side effect.
Liver damage is a widely known consequence of alcohol abuse.
Liver damage is also evident when liver enzymes are measured following heatstroke.
Liver damage is an important objective measure of the consequences of excessive alcohol drinking.
Liver damage is common in people who are regular, illegal drug users.
Liver damage is something that progresses over the years and is usually permanent.
Liver damage occurs infrequently, and is usually reversible.
Some liver damage is caused by fireweeds.
Some liver damage is caused by worms.
A liver disease is a disease
Liver disease affects people of all ages.
Liver disease can affect the absorption of food and the production of proteins and vitamins.
Liver disease can also be a side effect of another health problem.
Liver disease can be fatal in childhood.
Liver disease can be life threatening.
Liver disease can cause a dangerous build-up of toxins in the liver.
Liver disease can cause both itching and impotence but it usually has to be pretty advanced.
Liver disease can cause the build-up of substances in the bloodstream causing neurologic symptoms.
Liver disease can lead to problems with blood clotting.
Liver disease can make someone very sick because of all the important work the liver does .
Liver disease can make someone very sick because of all the important work the liver does.
Liver disease can prolong the clearance of isoniazid.
Liver disease can raise the levels of fats.
Liver disease causes damage to the individual liver cells.
Liver disease causes reduced excretion of copper in bile, and liver copper levels increase.
Liver disease constitutes a chronic uncontrollable stress to the patient.
Liver disease impairs the capacity to eliminate valproate.
Liver disease increases nelfinavir levels .
Liver disease is a common result of long term alcohol use.
Liver disease is a very serious problem.
Liver disease is also possible.
Liver disease is difficult to diagnose and still more difficult to treat.
Liver disease is endemic in Saudi Arabia.
Liver disease is no longer an exclusion.
Liver disease is the tenth leading cause of death in the United States.
Liver disease leads to decreased function and portosystemic shunting.
Liver disease occurs in half of the patients.
Liver disease presents in many different forms.
Liver diseases are diseases.
Liver diseases are illnesses.
Liver diseases cause damage.
Liver diseases have similar symptoms.
Liver diseases have symptoms.
Many liver diseases are actually liver fluke infestations.
Many liver diseases can necessitate a liver transplant.
Most liver diseases cause damage.
Most liver diseases don t have symptoms and when they do they are often vague.
Most liver diseases have similar symptoms.
Most liver diseases have symptoms.
Some liver diseases are highly contagious and pose a risk to others.
Some liver diseases associate with cystic fibrosis.
Some liver diseases associate with exposure.
Some liver diseases associate with fibrosis.
Some liver diseases occur only in women and others are more frequent in women than in men.
Some liver diseases occur only in women and others are more frequent in women than men.
Liver disorders produce itching combined with jaundice .
Some liver disorder is caused by alcohol consumption.
Some liver disorder is caused by consumption.
Some liver disorder is caused by excessive alcohol consumption.
Some liver disorder is caused by excessive consumption.
Liver dysfunction causes havoc throughout the body.
Liver dysfunction is a recognized symptom of PCB exposure.
Liver dysfunction is equally hazardous.
Liver dysfunction is very common and an increasing problem.
Liver dysfunction occurs as part of the aging process.
Liver dysfunction occurs from disease, diabetes being the most common.
Some liver dysfunction is common during therapy but resolves once treatment is stopped.
Liver enzymes are almost uniformly elevated.
Liver enzymes are also normal.
Liver enzymes are normal.
Liver enzymes are proteins produced by the liver.
Liver enzymes can convert a chemical that is OK to a carcinogen.
Liver enzymes show elevated transaminase.
Liver failure can lead to coma, renal failure and cardiopulmonary collapse.
Liver failure can occur, causing a high risk of fetal or maternal death.
Liver failure can result.
Liver failure causes vomiting as well as other signs depending on the type of liver disease.
Liver failure following initial infection is unlikely.
Liver failure is a rare but devastating result of drug toxicity.
Liver failure is an urgent, life-threatening medical condition.
Liver failure is difficult to treat and survival is limited.
Liver failure is severe deterioration of liver function.
Liver failure is the most serious complication of amatoxin ingestion.
Liver failure is the seventh largest cause of death in industrialized countries.
Liver failure occurs when a large portion of the liver is damaged due to any type of liver disorder.
Liver fibrosis is oftern the forerunner of cirrhosis.
Liver fibrosis is usually results in cirrhosis.
Liver fibrosis is usually the result of cirrhosis.
Liver fibrosis represents the uniform response of liver to toxic, infectious or metabolic agents.
Liver flukes are common in rabbits as are worms.
Liver function impairment leads to accumulation.
Liver function tests include tests.
Liver function is discussed.
Liver function is monitored through blood tests to make sure no damage is occurring.
Liver function is normal unless hypoxia has occurred in association with seizures.
Liver function is normal unless there has been hypoxia in association with seizures.
Liver function remains unchanged.
Liver function tests otherwise within normal limits.
Liver functions are normal.
Liver functions decide what enters the blood and protects the remainder of the body.
Liver impairment can significantly alter the disposition of tolterodine.
Liver injury tends to be mild and usually heals completely.
Some liver injuries involve products.
Some liver injuries occur during treatments.
Liver laceration is common.
Liver lobules consists of plates of hepatic cells separated by capillary sinusoids.
Liver metastases are more common from primary disease below the diaphragm.
Liver metastases imply a major problem in patients with carcinoid tumours.
Liver metastasis is one of the major causes of cancer death after resection of pancreatic cancer.
Most liver metastases are asymptomatic and therefore can be extensive prior to diagnosis.
Liver problems are one of many causes of infertility.
Liver problems can occur when used in excess.
Liver problems relate to deficiencies.
Liver problems show up first as a loss of appetite, vomiting, or diarrhea.
Most liver problems relate to deficiencies.
Liver protein is broken to combine with the hydrogen to make fat.
Liver regeneration is delayed in urokinase-deficient mice.
Liver regeneration provides an ideal model to study gene regulation during cellular growth.
Liver resection is standard therapy for selected patients with metastatic colorectal cancer.
Liver resection means removal of parts of the liver.
Liver shunts are extra blood vessels that allow a portion of the animal s blood to bypass the liver.
Liver shunts can be internal or external.
Liver shunts can cause a puppy to have seizures especially after eating.
A liver spot is a macula
Liver spot can cause severe defoliation, particularly during prolonged periods of wet weather.
Liver spots are a natural form of protection provided to cell damaged skin over-exposed to sunlight.
Liver spots are different than freckles.
Liver spots are diseases.
Liver spots are normally a uniform brown color and are uneven or irregularly shaped.
Liver spots are part of skin.
Liver spots are pigmentary changes associated with senile skin.
Liver spots are sun-induced lesions that are almost universal signs of aging.
Liver spots shape themselves, islands of pigment in yellow tinted skin.
Some liver spots are part of elephants.
Some liver spots are part of necks.
Some liver spots are part of pachyderms.
Some liver spots are part of penises.
Some liver spots are part of skin.
Liver tissue can regenerate when removed.
Liver tissue is made up of units called lobules.
Liver tissue is organized for efficient filtration of the portal circulation from the intestine.
Liver tissue is tissue.
Liver toxicities can pile up quickly and exacerbate each other.
Liver toxicity is a common condition in all countries.
Liver toxicity is a frequent side effect.
Liver toxicity is by far the most serious and common side effect.
Liver toxicity is rare at normal dosages.
Liver toxicity is the most serious side effect.
Liver transplant can save the life of a patient with the most severe amatoxin poisoning.
Liver transplant is high risk.
Liver transplant is indicated for many types of liver disease.
Liver transplant is one of the more complex of the transplant procedures.
Liver transplant is the most expensive organ transplant.
Liver transplant is the only alternative treatment for end-stage patients.
Liver transplant is the only available treatment for patients who develop severe cirrhosis.
Liver transplant is the only current treatment modality for end-stage patients.
Liver transplants are at times called for.
Liver transplants are difficult, expensive and hard to get.
Liver transplants are transplant surgery.
Liver transplants require greater technical ability on the part of the surgical team.
Liver transplantation can be an option in some cases.
Liver transplantation can be the most effective treatment.
Liver transplantation is a different story.
Liver transplantation is a technically demanding procedure.
Liver transplantation is also an important option.
Liver transplantation is an operative procedure that is complex and technically challenging.
Liver transplantation is considered when the liver no longer functions adequately.
Liver transplantation is no longer experimental.
Liver transplantation is offered for infants, children and adults.
Liver transplantation is performed in most major cities in the United States.
Liver transplantation is still a complex, demanding and expensive surgical procedure.
Liver transplantation is the only apparent cure.
Liver transplantation is the only cure for people with cirrhosis.
Liver transplantation is the only effective therapy for end stage liver failure.
Liver transplantation is the only effective treatment for terminally ill patients.
Liver transplantation is the only successful therapeutic management for severe hepatic injury.
Liver transplantation is the only treatment and has proven to be very successful.
Liver transplantation is the treatment of choice in advanced liver disease.
Liver transplantation is the treatment of choice.
Liver transplantation is to be considered in fulminant cases.
Liver transplantation is used in a number of causes of end-stage liver disease.
Liver transplantation plays an important role in the long-term treatment of biliary atresia.
Liver transplantation remains the best treatment, but livers are available for very few people.
Liver transplantation requires lots of attention, pain, and hospital care early on.
Liver tumors are rare, but can occur.
Liver tumors can develop anywhere body of the liver.
Liver tumors can produce different echoes from normal liver tissue.
A liver is an organ
Liver acts like the peripheral compartment into which absorption occurs.
Liver are very delicate.
Liver assist device employing transformed cell lines.
Liver biopsy consistent with rejection.
Liver biopsy histology showing chronic hepatitis with or without cirrhosis.
Liver biopsy under ultrasound control.
Liver biopsy with hepatic iron concentration shows much less iron and a low hepatic iron index.
Liver causes a ventral prominence of the abdomen.
Liver cleanses .
Liver colored dogs have brown eye rims and a brown nose.
Liver colored noses and lips are permissible on liver coated dogs only.
Liver constitutes a complex and multifuncional part of a human body.
Liver contains elevated amounts of protoporphyrinogen, the colourless precursor of protoporphyrin.
Liver contains twice as much iron as rabbit or duck, and half the cholesterol of bacon drippings.
Liver diseases that cause jaundice or yellowing of the skin and eyes can also result in itching.
Liver enzyme abnormalities that are two or more times the upper limit of the normal range.
Liver enzymes in the blood which can signal liver infection.
Liver extract in perinacious anemia and secondary anemia.
Liver flukes and blood flukes are parasites in humans only.
Liver flukes cause tremendous loss to farmers of cattle and sheep.
Liver flukes have no distinguishing behavior traits or social systems.
Liver flukes reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Liver flukes, blood born, etc.
Liver function some as above.
Liver goes kablooie.
Liver helps in regulation of body temperature by continue supply of blood and metabolic process.
Liver increases the conversion of molecules into sugars to provide the body with more energy.
Liver isa organ.
Liver lies between hepatic portal vein and hepatic vein.
Liver looks like ground-round.
Liver means life.
Liver mesh at a given simulation time step.
Liver metastases from colon cancer, neuroendocrine cancers, breast cancer and other cancers.
Liver pains on deep breathing and sharp pain at heart.
Liver produces blood, which veins distribute to nourish the body.
Liver removes excess amino acids from blood in hepatic portal vein by deamination.
Liver rules the tendons and opens into the eye.
Liver slices as a model in drug metabolism.
Liver spots on.
Liver tastes good with onions and bacon, but is a high-cholesterol food.
Liver tends to be a soft tissue ang grinds easily.
Liver transplants with live donors cost nearly a half-million dollars.
Livers are all liver.
Livers are colour.
Livers are filters.
Livers are inhabitants.
Livers are internal organs.
Livers are located in animals.
Livers are organs.
Livers are part of bodies.
Livers are part of circulatory systems.
Livers are part of human bodies.
Livers are people.
Livers break down alcohol.
Livers break down hemoglobins.
Livers break down hormones.
Livers break down substances.
Livers break down toxic substances.
Livers carry toxins.
Livers contain enzymes.
Livers contain substances.
Livers excrete bile.
Livers excrete proteins.
Livers go better with soy.
Livers have (part) bile ducts.
Livers have (part) cell membranes.
Livers have (part) corpi.
Livers have (part) cytoplasm.
Livers have (part) nuclei.
Livers have (part) plasma membranes.
Livers have (part) sections.
Livers have (part) vacuoles.
Livers have different functions.
Livers have functions.
Livers have important functions.
Livers have many important functions.
Livers have roles.
Livers have similar functions.
Livers look like livers.
Livers perform different functions.
Livers perform functions.
Livers play critical roles.
Livers play major roles.
Livers play minor roles.
Livers play roles.
Livers play several other roles.
Livers play vital roles.
Livers produce bile.
Livers produce digestive fluid.
Livers produce fluid.
Livers produce glucose.
Livers produce secretion.
Livers relate problems.
Livers release enzymes.
Livers secrete bile.
Livers secrete digestive fluid.
Livers secrete fluid.
Livers secrete watery fluid.
Livers secrete yellowish fluid.
Livers serve functions.
Livers serve same functions.
Livers vary in size depending on the source.
All liver is koshered by the broiling procedure, exclusively.
More livers seems to have made it here in America than in other places.
Most livers are friable and are swollen or shrunken.
Most livers are part of bodies.
Most livers break down alcohol.
Most livers break down hemoglobins.
Most livers break down hormones.
Most livers break down substances.
Most livers break down toxic substances.
Most livers carry toxins.
Most livers contain enzymes.
Most livers contain substances.
Most livers currently used in transplant are from cadaver donors.
Most livers excrete bile.
Most livers excrete proteins.
Most livers have different functions.
Most livers have functions.
Most livers have important functions.
Most livers have many important functions.
Most livers have roles.
Most livers have similar functions.
Most livers perform different functions.
Most livers perform functions.
Most livers play critical roles.
Most livers play major roles.
Most livers play minor roles.
Most livers play roles.
Most livers play several other roles.
Most livers play vital roles.
Most livers produce bile.
Most livers produce digestive fluid.
Most livers produce fluid.
Most livers produce glucose.
Most livers produce secretion.
Most livers relate problems.
Most livers release enzymes.
Most livers secrete bile.
Most livers secrete digestive fluid.
Most livers secrete fluid.
Most livers secrete watery fluid.
Most livers secrete yellowish fluid.
Most livers serve functions.
Most livers serve same functions.
Some liver flukes cause diseases.
Some liver flukes occur in regions.
Some livers break down acid.
Some livers break down amino acid.
Some livers break down excess acid.
Some livers break down excess amino acid.
Some livers break down proteins.
Some livers cause considerable damage.
Some livers cause considerable tissue damage.
Some livers cause damage.
Some livers cause inflammation.
Some livers cause liver inflammation.
Some livers cause tissue damage.
Some livers contain glycogen.
Some livers excrete cholesterol.
Some livers excrete toxins.
Some livers have ability.
Some livers have characteristics.
Some livers have effects.
Some livers have lobes.
Some livers have spots.
Some livers have widespread effects.
Some livers produce bile salt.
Some livers produce salt.
Some livers synthesize proteins.
Liverpudlian bands are hard to understand.
A liverwort is a nonvascular plant
Liverwort is a deep-rooted and hardy plant.
Liverwort is a plant.
Liverwort is a well-behaved, carefree little plant that deserves much wider use.
Liverwort isa bryophyte.
Liverwort photographs Photographs of liverworts.
Liverworts already start out as funky and interesting plants.
Liverworts are an ancient line of plants, possessing neither true leaves nor stems.
Liverworts are bryophytes.
Liverworts are considered in greater detail in a later chapter.
Liverworts are distributed worldwide, though most commonly in the tropics.
Liverworts are flat horizontal leaf-like plants with differentiated dorsal and ventral surfaces.
Liverworts are flat, almost leaflike plants that grow on the damp forest floor.
Liverworts are found mostly in the Northern Hemisphere in forest regions.
Liverworts are generally heterothallic, producing separate male and female gametophytes.
Liverworts are mainly fairly simple ribbon-like plants that are found in wet places.
Liverworts are much taller than a typical mature tree in the forest.
Liverworts are related to mosses but have flattened leaf-like appearance.
Liverworts are seedless plants that have flat, leathery foliage.
Liverworts are thallose and leafy bryophytes.
Liverworts can also reproduce asexually by means of special structures called gemmae cups.
Liverworts can be thallose or leafy.
Liverworts can produce both sexually and asexually .
Liverworts develop short, small sporophytes, whereas hornworts develop long, slender sporophytes.
Liverworts form the capsule first then the stalk matures.
Liverworts grow on the bark of trees such as chestnuts, acacias, poplars, beech, and oak-trees.
Liverworts grow prolifically in Scotland, especially in the west.
Liverworts grow well in damp, cool locations.
Liverworts have (part) cell membranes.
Liverworts have (part) cells.
Liverworts have (part) corpi.
Liverworts have (part) cytoplasm.
Liverworts have (part) nuclei.
Liverworts have (part) plasma membranes.
Liverworts have (part) sections.
Liverworts have (part) vacuoles.
Liverworts have a gametophyte -dominant life cycle.
Liverworts have a gametophyte-dominant life cycle .
Liverworts have a gametophyte-dominant life cycle.
Liverworts have appearances.
Liverworts have green, leafy scales that absorb their nutrients through photosynthesis.
Liverworts have leafy appearances.
Liverworts have little direct economic importance today.
Liverworts have neither stomata nor guard mechanisms.
Liverworts have no economic value and form but an insignificant part of the vegetation of the earth.
Liverworts have sides.
Liverworts have the eggs underneath an umbrella structure.
Liverworts have the simplest bodies of all the green plants.
Liverworts have the simplest sporophytes among the bryophytes.
Liverworts produce a lobe like thalli, the rhizoids are on the underside to ancher the plant in.
Liverworts reproduce with spores.
Liverworts thrive on moist, cool soil and usually in a shaded situation.
Liverworts vary in size from very small leafy forms to large, lobed types.
Liverworts often are found with mosses and display similar ecological reactions.
Liverworts often die when the crop canopy shades the surface of the growing media.
Liverworts usually grow in tropical places, moist with fresh water.
All liverworts exhibit the basic alternation of generations.
All liverworts have prostrate as opposed to an upright growth habit.
Many liverworts grow either submerged or on land.
Many liverworts have leaves which are deeply lobed or divided .
Most liverworts grow where there is considerable moisture.
Most liverworts have appearances.
Most liverworts have leafy appearances.
Most liverworts have sides.
Most liverworts inhabit moist, generally disturbed areas.
Some liverworts alter lipid levels.
Some liverworts are aquatic and can be found in living on the water's surface.
Some liverworts cause irritation.
Some liverworts grow on plants.
Some liverworts have antheridiums.
Some liverworts have resemblance.
Some liverworts reproduce asexually by producing gemmae in gemmae cups.
Some liverworts require water.
Liveries love 'em because they are impervious to abuse from most casual paddlers.
Liveries provide all of the essentials for a day's excursion.
Livery can be any combination of clothing items, like tabards, hoods, or baldrics.
Livery is an uniform
Livery is care.
Livery is predominantly red, with white and blue.
Livery is uniforms.
Livery is white with a large fleetname in poppy red and yellow.
Some liveries offer opportunity for canoe camping as well.
Lives today are complex and trying to juggle it all can be difficult.
Livestock bedding is a relatively new use for waste materials.
Livestock bedding is shipped to the users.
Livestock breeding is also important to the economy.
Livestock breeding is of less importance.
Livestock breeding is the single most important branch of agriculture.
Livestock farmers raise animals.
Livestock feed is one key destination for soy meal.
Livestock husbandry can be a boon to farm investments.
Livestock husbandry causes different kinds of emissions.
Livestock husbandry is conducted in a traditional manner.
Livestock industry reports that provide a situational analysis of animal welfare concerns.
Livestock raising has a very long history in Romania.
Livestock raising is a significant source of income.
Livestock raising is also a major factor in the economy with many ranches in outlying areas.
Livestock raising is also a principal agricultural pursuit.
Livestock raising is also important, and manufactures include textiles and processed foods.
Livestock raising is also important.
Livestock raising is common.
Livestock raising is important in the highlands.
Livestock raising is the economic mainstay, and there is some farming of grains and potatoes.
Livestock raising is the main activity.
Livestock raising is the main agricultural activity in the Rockies.
Livestock raising is the most significant agricultural activity.
Livestock raising is their main occupation and prefer keeping their animals in the forests.
Livestock raising remains the most unprofitable branch of agriculture.
Livestock waste contains ammonia and high levels of organic matter.
Livestock waste contains many microorganisms such as bacteria, viruses, and protozoa.
Livestock waste is a good soil amendment and fertilizer.
Livestock waste is even more concentrated.
Livestock waste pollutes wetlands with too much organic material.
Livestock wastes account for about a quarter of the agricultural sources.
Livestock wastes are a potential source of groundwater contamination.
Livestock wastes contiminate stream waters with fecal bacteria and disease causing organisms.
Livestock also affect wildlife through social displacement.
Livestock also plays a role in the agricultural economy of the district.
Livestock are a common cause of injuries among rural children.
Livestock are a source of nitrates and fecal bacteria that can be harmful to stream health.
Livestock are also a concern.
Livestock are also a favorite target of lions in both India and Africa.
Livestock are also a valued source of income for poor farmers, especially women.
Livestock are also at risk for rabies in that there is more opportunity for contact.
Livestock are also one of the major vectors for diseases transmitted to native wildlife.
Livestock are also supplied water by the several lakes.
Livestock are also susceptible to nitrate poisoning, especially cattle.
Livestock are another source of methane.
Livestock are both area and species-selective.
Livestock are currency.
Livestock are fair.
Livestock are farm animals like cattle.
Livestock are farm animals such as cows, sheep, pigs and goats.
Livestock are farm animals, such as beef cattle, dairy cows, sheep, hogs, chickens and turkeys.
Livestock are generally easier to herd in row silvopasture than in grid or cluster plantings.
Livestock are generally very poor and still being heavily supplemented at high cost.
Livestock are in a more natural environment.
Livestock are in compliance with all health requirements and are certified for export.
Livestock are in fair to good condition.
Livestock are in good condition with less heat stress.
Livestock are in good condition.
Livestock are in mostly good condition.
Livestock are in poor condition but there is probably enough stubbles to carry over.
Livestock are like money in bank.
Livestock are mobile, easily identified and sorted.
Livestock are more likely to impact hardwood trees than conifers.
Livestock are mostly in fair to good condition.
Livestock are one of the major factors in the spread of exotic weeds.
Livestock are reportedly in mostly good condition.
Livestock are reportedly in mostly good to excellent condition.
Livestock are selective about the plants they eat.
Livestock are sound sensitive .
Livestock are the culprits of overgrazing soil compaction.
Livestock are the number cause of riparian degradation in the West.
Livestock are the number one cause of riparian degradation in the West.
Livestock are to be covered by a sanitary certificate .
Livestock are unaffected by the presence of wind farms.
Livestock are used by humans for a variety of purposes, many of which have an economic value.
Livestock are usually a good investment.
Livestock are usually very curious when deep testing in pastures.
Livestock avoids the plant because of it's bitter juice.
Livestock brought here includes cows, bullocks, buffaloes and camels.
Livestock browsing on fruits can disperse seeds to new sites.
Livestock can also infect wild animals with some diseases.
Livestock can be effective weed-management tools if used correctly.
Livestock can be extremely difficult to herd in grid or cluster silvopastures.
Livestock can become invisible at the onset of darkness.
Livestock can contribute in various ways on a farm.
Livestock can damage salmon habitat in several ways.
Livestock can graze on rangelands if they are managed properly.
Livestock can graze onrangelands if they are managed properly.
Livestock can graze or feed.
Livestock can improve environmental quality when used in traditional farming systems.
Livestock can move around in a trailer, causing unsafe handling.
Livestock can move around in a trailer.
Livestock can provide effective control of kudzu.
Livestock can rotate to pastures with warm-season species during late spring and summer.
Livestock can severely trample the area.
Livestock carries organisms.
Livestock cause rapid erosion of woodlots by clearing, cultivating and compacting the soil.
Livestock come in contact with blister beetles when they consume infested alfalfa hay.
Livestock come in many shapes and forms.
Livestock compete with chiru for grazing land, and fences disrupt migration.
Livestock consisting of beef, dairy and sheep are the main enterprises.
Livestock consists mainly of pig and poultry.
Livestock consists of chickens, cows, pigs and goats.
Livestock consists of goats, sheep, cattle and pigs.
Livestock consists of sheep, goats, cattle, horses and yaks.
Livestock consists predominantly of cattle.
Livestock constitutes the major source of livelihood.
Livestock consume the foliage primarily in the spring and immediately after rainy periods.
Livestock continues on supplemental feed.
Livestock currently graze on half the Earth's land mass.
Livestock degrade a stream in two ways.
Livestock destroys fruit.
Livestock die from many causes, including illness, predation, and extreme weather conditions.
Livestock does damage.
Livestock drink from it.
Livestock drink more water and consume more forage when provided good quality water.
Livestock eat common burdock but the foliage can impart a bitter taste to the milk.
Livestock eat crop residues.
Livestock eat the leaves in early spring when little other foliage is available.
Livestock eats flowers.
Livestock eats grass.
Livestock eats hay.
Livestock eats leaves.
Livestock eats much of the world's grain.
Livestock eats plants.
Livestock eats poisonous plants.
Livestock eats shrubs.
Livestock eats vegetation.
Livestock exert a huge, and largely unrecognized, impact on the global environment.
Livestock feeding on leafy spurge can become photosensitive.
Livestock feeds and land applications.
Livestock feeds on plants.
Livestock find it unpalatable, due to the tannins and resins it contains.
Livestock generally avoid purple threeawn for most of the year when other forage is available.
Livestock grazed are mostly cattle dairy and beef with some horses, sheep, goats and ostriches.
Livestock grazes areas.
Livestock grazes forest areas.
Livestock grazes in bighorn sheep habitats.
Livestock grazes in elevation habitats.
Livestock grazes in grass.
Livestock grazes in habitats.
Livestock grazes in high elevation habitats.
Livestock grazes meadows.
Livestock grazes mountain meadows.
Livestock grazes on pasture.
Livestock grazes tops.
Livestock grazes turnip tops.
Livestock grown include cattle and horses.
Livestock guarding dogs reduce predation on domestic sheep in Colorado.
Livestock has (part) brains.
Livestock has (part) breasts.
Livestock has (part) cell membranes.
Livestock has (part) cells.
Livestock has (part) chest cavities.
Livestock has (part) chests.
Livestock has (part) corpi.
Livestock has (part) cytoplasm.
Livestock has (part) ears.
Livestock has (part) faces.
Livestock has (part) heads.
Livestock has (part) nuclei.
Livestock has (part) pedal extremities.
Livestock has (part) piluses.
Livestock has (part) plasma membranes.
Livestock has (part) rib cages.
Livestock has (part) sections.
Livestock has (part) skulls.
Livestock has (part) sterna.
Livestock has (part) vacuoles.
Livestock has (part) vertebrate feet.
Livestock has diets.
Livestock has impact.
Livestock has responses.
Livestock have a tendency to walk along fences causing trails to be formed.
Livestock have access to woodland during a majority of the grazing season.
Livestock have both positive and negative environmental effects.
Livestock have limited access to water body areas.
Livestock have limited access to woodland.
Livestock have long memories.
Livestock have multiple roles in human society.
Livestock have numerous and important roles within agro-pastoral economies.
Livestock have unlimited access to water body areas.
Livestock have year-around access to woodland.
Livestock herding dogs are bred, raised and trained specifically to work with a farmer or shepherd.
Livestock herding dogs are relatively popular as pets.
Livestock here are native Texas butterflies.
Livestock includes beef cattle, swine, poultry, horses, goats, and a dairy.
Livestock includes cattle, pigs, goats and poultry.
Livestock includes cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, and poultry.
Livestock includes cattle, sheep, wool, hogs, and milk.
Livestock includes chickens, cows, horses and pond raised trout.
Livestock includes chinchillas, mink, foxes and other furbearing animals .
Livestock includes dairy, beef, pigs and poultry farms.
Livestock includes hogs.
Livestock includes pigs, cattle, and sheep.
Livestock includes pigs, chickens, ducks and dairy cattle.
Livestock includes sheep, cattle, goats, donkeys, horses, camels, buffalo, and mules.
Livestock includes water buffaloes, cattle, and pigs.
Livestock includes whatever animals the farmer owns.
Livestock is a commodity like any other and is, of course, traded as such.
Livestock is a highly perishable product requiring special care.
Livestock is a mammal
Livestock is a stored energy source.
Livestock is also a significant component of the operation.
Livestock is also important to the food supply.
Livestock is also reared and fresh-water fishing is an important activity.
Livestock is another facet of our operation.
Livestock is assumed to include all types of animals raised for pleasure or for profit.
Livestock is carefully reared, providing optimum space and feed to the individual animal.
Livestock is defined in the bill as cattle, hogs, horses, mules, sheep, and goats.
Livestock is destroyed.
Livestock is eligible if purchased, fed and sold within the term of the loan.
Livestock is excluded.
Livestock is fair to good.
Livestock is fair to poor with heavy supplemental feeding.
Livestock is generally in good condition.
Livestock is grazed on both private and public range land.
Livestock is in good to excellent condition.
Livestock is just a small slice of the agriculture products being peddled online.
Livestock is killed every year.
Livestock is located in fairgrounds.
Livestock is located in fields.
Livestock is no longer taxable in Oklahoma County.
Livestock is on the upswing because of automation.
Livestock is owned jointly.
Livestock is part of a diverse, sustainable family farm.
Livestock is permitted on properties which are a minimum of one acre.
Livestock is placentals.
Livestock is poor to fair.
Livestock is primarily cattle, hogs, and poultry.
Livestock is raised and electronic equipment is produced there.
Livestock is raised and grain is grown in the deep valleys of the interior.
Livestock is raised on grass or grains grown on the farm.
Livestock is raised on the heavily forested slopes.
Livestock is raised.
Livestock is restricted to limited land use categories.
Livestock is seen as a symbol of wealth and is often exchanged for bride prices.
Livestock is shipped.
Livestock is Somalia's main export to Yemen and Saudi Arabia.
Livestock is stolen or killed.
Livestock is swallowed up into the earth.
Livestock is the backbone of the pastoralist economy, in a region closely tied to Somalia.
Livestock is the mainstay of the town's agriculture-based economy.
Livestock is the number one segment of the Texas agricultural industry.
Livestock is the region's agricultural mainstay.
Livestock is usually a poor choice for a wedding gift.
Livestock isa mammal.
Livestock know when a person is inexperienced.
Livestock look good, and cattle prices are holding well.
Livestock looks very good.
Livestock mainly consists of sheep and goats, which are herded in the mountain areas.
Livestock mainly includes beef and dairy cattle and pigs, combined with crops.
Livestock make up an important part of the country's rural economy.
Livestock makes up a major portion of Utah's agriculture revenue.
Livestock makes waste.
Livestock mays have health problems.
Livestock mays have problems.
Livestock means cash income.
Livestock means the income for education at secondary schools.
Livestock means the possibility of sending their kids to university.
Livestock modify their intake and diet selection to rectify nutritional imbalances.
Livestock musts have food.
Livestock needs diets.
Livestock never regain their position after infection.
Livestock now accounts for over one-third of the total agricultural production value.
Livestock perform better when fed macerated hay.
Livestock play a vital role in the agricultural and rural economies of the developing world.
Livestock play an important role in the overall plan to maintain soil fertility.
Livestock plays an important role in most peasant families' finances.
Livestock plays an important role in such activities.
Livestock predominates over crop farming, and cattle predominate over other forms of livestock.
Livestock produce a range of fiber textiles.
Livestock produces methane.
Livestock produces three to four times the amount of waste that of the average person.
Livestock provide a time-honored method of pressing seed and straw into the soil.
Livestock provide many of our everyday living items.
Livestock provide meat for human and animal consumption.
Livestock raising in the U.S. is largely responsible for loss of topsoil.
Livestock readily graze halogeton.
Livestock readily graze on the stems, leaves and roots of rutabaga plants.
Livestock refers to beef, sheep, swine, poultry, dairy, and horse.
Livestock refers to camels, cattle, and sheep and goats.
Livestock release a large amounts of ammonia into the environment from their wastes.
Livestock releases methane.
Livestock relish it.
Livestock remain in mostly good condition.
Livestock remove less than ten percent of the forages' phosphorus and potassium.
Livestock remove switchgrass uniformly.
Livestock remove the vegetation.
Livestock represent insurance, pensions and savings all in one.
Livestock require less feed energy, so their performance is improved and mortality is reduced.
Livestock require less feed to maintain body weight when protected from winter's chilling winds.
Livestock require protection from north and west winds.
Livestock requires treatments.
Livestock seeking shade beneath trees often seek any source of green.
Livestock shares resources.
Livestock shows, competitions, and sales remain a foundation of today's event.
Livestock stands in barns.
Livestock still graze here, as part of multiple-use management, though in much reduced numbers.
Livestock suffer from parasitic diseases, some of which also affect humans.
Livestock supplemented with calcium fortified feeds are less susceptible to the toxic effects.
Livestock tend to balk if they have to look into the sun.
Livestock tend to be larger and thus produce more manure.
Livestock tends to be more important in small properties in the mountainous regions.
Livestock then graze either the rake bunched hay or the remaining unmowed hay.
Livestock then grazes the aftermath regrowth.
Livestock threaten the sheep by grazing off desert grasses and spreading wildlife diseases.
Livestock typically graze alfalfa from the top down.
Livestock vary in the amount of prussic acid that it takes to be fatal.
Livestock often contract diseases from being in close proximity with wild boars.
Livestock sometimes live and eat better than the cowboys.
Livestock sometimes slobber excessively when feeding on second-cutting red clover hay.
Livestock usually avoid the plant unless other forage is unavailable.
Livestock usually is a poor choice for a wedding gift.
Livestock usually recover quickly from excretory shrinkage once provided with rest, food, and water.
All livestock continues to alter their environment.
All livestock enjoy the ripe fruit as they fall from the tree.
All livestock have parasites, some of which cause problems such as ill health and low productivity.
All livestock is acclimated slowly and quarantined for two full weeks prior to sale.
All livestock is shipped overnight.
Many livestock die or suffer from diseases that are easily treatable with the proper resources.
Many livestock escape through open gates.
More livestock means more methane.
Most livestock carries organisms.
Most livestock destroys fruit.
Most livestock does damage.
Most livestock eats flowers.
Most livestock eats grass.
Most livestock eats hay.
Most livestock eats leaves.
Most livestock eats plants.
Most livestock eats poisonous plants.
Most livestock eats shrubs.
Most livestock eats vegetation.
Most livestock feeds on plants.
Most livestock grazes mountain meadows.
Most livestock has diets.
Most livestock has impact.
Most livestock has responses.
Most livestock includes hogs.
Most livestock is exported as embryos or semen.
Most livestock makes waste.
Most livestock needs diets.
Most livestock produces methane.
Most livestock requires treatments.
Most livestock seem to be comfortable with their guard llamas from the outset.
Most livestock stands in barns.
Some livestock acquires infection.
Some livestock affects land use patterns.
Some livestock affects patterns.
Some livestock breaks legs.
Some livestock carries capacity.
Some livestock competes for food.
Some livestock consumes flowers.
Some livestock destroys trees.
Some livestock destroys young trees.
Some livestock eats burdocks.
Some livestock eats common burdocks.
Some livestock eats ferns.
Some livestock eats fruit.
Some livestock eats roots.
Some livestock gives birth to calves.
Some livestock grazes in bottoms.
Some livestock grazes in valley bottoms.
Some livestock has problems.
Some livestock infects animals.
Some livestock infects wild animals.
Some livestock is inside barns.
Some livestock is owned by soldiers.
Some livestock is raised on the Mississippi River levee, primarily cattle and horses.
Some livestock is raised to provide a mode of transportation or to carry out farm work.
Some livestock is reared, again for local consumption.
Some livestock makes gases.
Some livestock receives injections.
Some livestock reduces water intake.
Some livestock relates to organisms.
Some livestock takes care.
Some livestock takes great care.
Some livestock transmits diseases.
LiViD archive seems to have been damaged.
A lividity is rage
Lividities are fury.
Lividity is fixed on the back.
Lividity is posterior and fixed, and the body temperature is cold.
Lividity is present and fixed.
Most living birds can fly and their bodies are highly adapted for efficiency in flight.
Living cells are adaptive self-sustaining systems.
Living cells are chemical factories.
Living cells are formed inside a resistant capsule for overwintering.
Living cells are glucose-burning machines.
Living cells are no different.
Living cells are surrounded by a membrane that tightly regulates what gets in and out of the cell.
Living cells can only arise from preexisting cells, which then divide to produce new cells.
Living cells have at least three parts.
Living cells have many molecules that are mini-machines and chemical factories enzymes .
Living cells have molecular machinery to channel the chemistry in the right direction and amounts.
Living cells use special catalysts that are complex proteins.
Every living cell depends on minerals for proper structure and function.
Every living cell is a little salt-water bag.
Every living cell is built from atomic combinations the include carbon and hydrogen.
Every living cell is composed primarily of water.
Every living cell needs EFAs.
Every living cell possesses the ability to respond to external signals.
Every living cell requires oxygen for performing cellular respiration.
Living costs are below the national average.
Living costs are consistently near or below the national average.
Living costs are extra.
Living costs are extremely reasonable.
Living costs are fairly low, compared to other parts of the country.
Living costs are high and the current minimum wage is inadequate for a worker and family.
Living costs are high, and the current minimum wage is inadequate for a worker and family.
Living costs are higher than in the U.S., and relocation is costly.
Living costs are less than in Seattle.
Living costs are moderate in the Pittsburgh area.
Living costs are moderate.
Living costs are modest.
Living costs are significantly lower than most areas on either coast.
Living costs are student's responsibility.
Living costs are such that most students can support themselves on their stipend.
Most living creatures are adapted to mild temperatures and gentle reactions.
Most living creatures can tolerate only a narrow range of salinity.
Most living fish are teleosts.
Living rocks are cactuses.
A living room is a room
Living room boasts natural fireplace and crown moldings.
Living room can convert to two twin beds.
Living room can sleep up to three additional guests if needed.
Living room comes with coffee tables and chairs.
Living room contains balcony with furniture.
Living room contains queen size pull out sofa bed for a third adult or two children.
Living room faces another apartment.
Living room features all the comforts of home, including queen-size sleeper sofa.
Living room features bookcases, sliding doors to balcony.
Living room features brick fireplace, built-in bookcases and lots of windows.
Living room features cathedral- stlye ceilings and Southwestern ceramic tile.
Living room features fireplace flanked by window seats, beamed ceiling in living and dining rooms.
Living room features fireplace with custom mantle and wood and mirror treatments.
Living room features high ceilings.
Living room features sleeper sofa, table and chairs and a private balcony.
Living room features vaulted ceilings, and gas fireplace.
Living room flows into dining area, which, in turn, leads to the family room.
Living room gets wonderful south light.
Living room gives onto large deck with hot tub, barbecue and view of mountain.
Living room has a bay window.
Living room has a double size sleeper sofa and a forest view.
Living room has a double size sleeper sofa.
Living room has a fireplace that is set into a wall of glass that looks out to a fenced courtyard.
Living room has a fireplace with woodstove insert.
Living room has a game table.
Living room has a gas burning fireplace.
Living room has a glass-front wood stove.
Living room has a gorgeous brick fireplace with built-in bookcases.
Living room has a pullout couch.
Living room has a pull-out sofa.
Living room has a queen sleeper sofa.
Living room has a queen-size sleeper sofa and a balcony.
Living room has a queen-size sleeper.
Living room has a queen-sized pull out sofa.
Living room has a raised hearth with wood stove and dining room has a great view down the lake.
Living room has a river rock fireplace, skylight and adjoining deck.
Living room has a sitting area which includes a futon that can sleep two.
Living room has a sleeper sofa and the bedroom a king size bed.
Living room has a sleeper sofa.
Living room has a stone fireplace and large patio doors to enjoy the wonderful views.
Living room has a VCR and video library.
Living room has a woodstove fireplace.
Living room has air conditioning and wood-burning fireplace.
Living room has an attractive gas fireplace.
Living room has awesome bay window.
Living room has bay window with columns and a separate dining room.
Living room has beautiful stone fireplace with access to the large deck.
Living room has bookcases on east wall, woodburning fireplace with mantle, crown molding.
Living room has cable color TV and stone fireplace.
Living room has cable TV and ceiling fan.
Living room has cable TV and sofa sleeper.
Living room has cable TV, stereo and woodburning fireplace.
Living room has cathedral ceiling with sky lights.
Living room has cathedral ceiling with stone fireplace.
Living room has Cathedral ceiling.
Living room has cathedral ceilings, gas fireplace.
Living room has ceiling fan and plant shelves.
Living room has convertible queen size futon bed.
Living room has cozy fireplace.
Living room has dining area and brick fireplace with a parquet entry.
Living room has doorwall with balcony.
Living room has double pocket doors and also a large formal dining room.
Living room has double sofa bed and futon which can made into a single bed .
Living room has dramatic two-story windows.
Living room has extra high ceiling plus large windows.
Living room has fire place.
Living room has fireplace and deck overlooking pristine meadows.
Living room has fireplace and sliding glass door to backyard.
Living room has fireplace with gas logs.
Living room has fireplace with natural gas logs.
Living room has fireplace, laundry room is large, home has lots of storage.
Living room has fireplace.
Living room has fouton sleeper and single sofa, plus room for a rollaway.
Living room has gas fireplace and views of mountains and Whistler Valley.
Living room has gas logs and ceiling fan.
Living room has hardwood floor and wood fireplace.
Living room has hardwood floor and woodburning fireplace.
Living room has hardwood floors.
Living room has high wood vaulted ceilings.
Living room has large fireplace.
Living room has marble fireplace with French doors to rear patio.
Living room has new hardwood floors, bedrooms have new wall-wall carpeting.
Living room has one king size, one queen size and a sleeper sofa.
Living room has picture windows overlooking the yard and lake.
Living room has Q sofa sleeper.
Living room has queen sofa bed.
Living room has sea view.
Living room has see-thru fireplace to the family room.
Living room has stone fireplace, convertible bed-couch and is nicely furnished.
Living room has stone fireplace.
Living room has two queen sleeper sofas.
Living room has view of golf driving range and playground.
Living room has window to deck with stairs to the ground.
Living room has wood burning fireplace and oak window seats.
Living room has wood burning stove.
Living room has wood floors and fireplace.
Living room has woodburning fireplace.
Living room includes a pullout couch and cable TV.Each bedroom has a double bed.
Living room includes fireplace and designer mirror treatment on east wall to reflect outside light.
Living room includes full size sleeper sofa, easy chair, and coffee table.
Living room includes queen-size sleeper sofa.
Living room includes sofa and loveseat which can convert into two double beds.
Living room includes sofa, entertainment center with TV and stereo decals, and coffee table.
Living room includes TV and sofa that converts into a bed.
Living room is approx.
Living room is cozy with a gas or wood burning fireplace.
Living room is light and bright and features fireplace with blower unit.
Living room is light and bright capturing tree top views and opens to a large redwood deck.
Living room is soft blue and gray with queen hidabed.
Living room is spacious, with built in bookcase, and bay window.
Living room is spacious.
Living room is sun-splashed and elegant.
Living room is vaulted.
Living room is very large and spacious which opens to balcony.
Living room leads to bright and airy Florida room featuring freestanding, wood-burning fireplace.
Living room offers cable color TV in front of a mountain stone fireplace.
Living room offers gas fireplace, TV-VCR and additional sleeping space.
Living room opens onto light, bright, heated sun room.
Living room opens onto spacious covered deck with panoramic view, hottub, deck furniture.
Living room opens onto spacious deck with outdoor furniture including rocking chairs.
Living room opens to a huge lanai offering great area for entertaining.
Living room opens to deck and beautiful views.
Living rooms are family rooms.
Living rooms are located in apartments.
Living rooms are located in homes.
Living rooms are part of dwellings.
Living rooms are part of houses.
Living rooms are places.
Living rooms are rooms.
Living rooms are social rooms.
Living rooms are spacious and come with wicker furniture and cable television.
Living rooms are used for gather.
Living rooms are used for relaxation.
Living rooms can become gas chambers and hotel rooms can suddenly sprout heavy artillery.
Every living room has a terrace overlooking the white sand beach .
Living space is a position
Living space is rooms.
Living spaces are lofts and brownstones along with high rises.
Living spaces are Spartan and cold, concrete walls and plastic-tile floors built decades ago.
Living spaces are to be kept clean and free from litter.
Living spaces are very crowded in China and often lack enough facilities for cooking.
Living standards are higher for low-wage U.S. workers than for most of their European counterparts.
Living standards can go up faster.
Living systems are able to organize and improved themselves.
Living systems are autopoietic systems in the physical space.
Living systems are chaotic systems.
Living systems are clearly different from nonliving systems.
Living systems are complex.
Living systems are dynamic.
Living systems are experts at energy conversion.
Living systems are given as another.
Living systems are highly negentropic, they are improbable from a equilibrium point of view.
Living systems are hugely complex systems of atoms and molecules.
Living systems are intrinsically noisy.
Living systems are never in equilibrium.
Living systems are open self-organizing living things that interact with their environment .
Living systems are open systems.
Living systems are self-organizing.
Living systems are self-regulating.
Living systems are self-reproducing, coded, information systems, for starters.
Living systems are wonderfully adaptable and can survive in a complex natural environment.
Living systems bypass the thermodynamic limit by reproduction.
Living systems can build complex structures hierarchically.
Living systems can even build themselves up from seed, and routinely repair themselves.
Living systems can heal minor or brief damage or injury.
Living systems can reproduce themselves.
Living systems consist of dead organic and inorganic matter as well as living tissue.
Living systems contain their own solutions.
Living systems create and live among their artifacts.
Living systems create order within by creating even more disorder in the outside world.
Living systems create their own order through self-organization.
Living systems demonstrate a unique and complex hierarchical organization.
Living systems demonstrate a unique and complex molecular organization.
Living systems display an analogous form of supple dynamics.
Living systems exist.
Living systems have a tendency to keep themselves in balance but also to adapt and evolve over time.
Living systems have a unique hierarchy of biological levels.
Living systems have high efficiency.
Living systems have integrity.
Living systems have internal regulation without fixed goals.
Living systems have negative entropy.
Living systems live long owing to their ability to reproduce themselves with a high fidelity.
Living systems reproduce.
Living systems say the context is based in the theory of thermodynamics.
Living systems undergo ecological and evolutionary change.
Living systems use chemistry economically.
All living systems are far from equilibrium, and remain there until they are no longer living.
All living systems are open and in a steady state .
All living systems are open systems.
All living systems are self-reproducing.
All living systems are whole and are made up of interdependent interacting parts.
Every living system creates cancerous cells.
Every living system has a blueprint for replication, or making copies of itself.
A living thing is an unit
Most living things are called organisms.
Most living things are made of more than one cell and are called multicellular.
Most living things are made up of one cell and they are called unicellular organisms.
Most living things are mostly water.
Most living things have life cycles of patterned biological changes.
Most living tissue exhibits non-linear characteristics, functioning somewhat like diodes.
Living toys are something novel, But it soon wears off somehow.
Living trees are a permanent memento of the holiday season, but they're a challenge.
Living trees are very heavy.
Living trust is trust
Living trust is trust.
Most living trusts are revocable and are represented by a formal trust agreement.
Most living trusts are revocable.
Living water is a complete water cleansing system.
Living water is better than liquor.
Living water is the result of Torah learning.
Living waters symbolize the Torah .
Living will is an instrument
Living will is legal documents.
Living wills can help caregivers make a decision of life and death.
Living wills can take on many different formats.
Living wills have a limited role, but a well recognized one in the treatment of dying patients.
A living is experience
Living becomes a survival issue and everyone is a player for the other team.
Living can mean many things to many people.
Living causes a scar.
Living entails a measure of seasoning.
Living gets more and more frantic, more and more conditional and uncertain.
Living has a lolliping tempo and harmonica in the arrangement.
Living has queen sleeper sofa and another full size sofa.
Living has queen-size sleeper sofa.
Living involves decision making and harvesting the consequences.
Living involves hassles.
Living is abnormal.
Living is about changing.
Living is about growing, learning, giving, serving, and sharing.
Living is about living.
Living is action and human living is thoughtful action.
Living is advertised in the color of honey.
Living is also a great club with beautiful people and great dance music.
Living is also an art.
Living is bad for health.
Living is basic, yet comfortable and the volunteer house has electricity and running water.
Living is co-ed, by floor.
Living is confined to high-rise apartments.
Living is cool.
Living is easy here.
Living is easy in Clay County.
Living is easy in ignorance.
Living is expensive, the staff is great.
Living is for now, death is forever.
Living is full of challenges.
Living is generally very cheap in Korea.
Living is good, people are friendly and children are happy It's two blocks from work.
Living is hard as there is no industry and much of the agricultural land is mined.
Living is hard but a lot more important.
Living is hard.
Living is lethal.
Living is misery, misery.
Living is movement.
Living is permanent.
Living is relatively cheap when compared with the rest of the United States.
Living is relaxed, with both buffet and family style dining.
Living is so interesting.
Living is so much cheaper.
Living is spaccious and comfortable with wall to wall carpet, central heating, and air.
Living is struggle.
Living is sustained by feeding.
Living is the only thing worth dying for.
Living means being willing to try new things.
Living means growing.
Living means learning.
Living means more life - more time.
Living means moving so the living part even under the microscope moves except if it is dead.
Living provides a variety of resources including video, audio, community and shopping.
Living sounds from the sea.
Living stems growing from the rhizome suppress rhizome bud growth.
Living takes courage and faith.
Living takes courage.
Living takes time.
Livings  breathes.
Livings  breathing.
Livings  dies.
Livings  dying.
Livings  experiencings.
Livings  growth.
Livings  working.
Livings are people.
Livings are used for eating.
Livings are used for enjoyment.
Livings are used for lovings.
Livings cause breathing.
Livings cause death.
Livings cause dying.
Livings cause expiration.
Livings cause happiness.
Livings cause interaction.
Livings cause life.
Livings cause love.
Livings cause lovings.
Livings cause old ages.
Livings cause palpitation.
Livings cause perspiration.
Livings cause pollution.
Livings cause respiration.
Livings cause sadness.
Every living being continuously travels through Life Ocean of birth, life, death, and misery.
Every living being deserves consistency and security.
Every living being in the world is mortal.
Every living being needs food.
Every living being wants to experience the light of love.
Every living being wants to stop suffering and find lasting peace and happiness.
Most living can move on their own.
Livingston products come with free software updates and lifetime technical support.
Lizard adoption can be an enriching experience, and is a big decision.
Lizard diversity declines with the loss of tropical conditions.
Lizard experiment suggests rapid evolution.
Lizard fish are pound for pound one of the most ferocious animals on the planet.
Lizard habitats can be homemade or purchased inexpensively at a pet store.
Lizard herbivores are varied in diet, diverse tax- onomically, and widespread geographically.
Lizard island games teach players.
Lizard Island is popular with deep-sea fishermen who use it as a base.
Lizard Island is reached by small aircraft from Cairns.
Lizard Island is surrounded by a spectacular reef garden.
Lizard Island is the jewel of the reef.
Lizard Island offers excellent expeditions by dinghy.
Lizard men are typically nomads.
Lizard parents provide care.
Most lizard parents provide care.
Some lizard species are also able to flatten themselves for maximum solar radiation when basking.
Lizard tails are fragile and easily break off.
Lizard tails break easily if seized but can grow back.
Lizard tails help in balance and locomotion.
Lizard tails help in balance and movement.
Lizard waste is often in pellet form whereas snake waste is in long streaks or deposits.
A lizard is a reptile
Lizard isa reptile.
Lizards abound in ancient cultures and history.
Lizards adapt for survival.
Lizards adapt to environments.
Lizards Add the lizard's legs.
Lizards adore well-lit areas.
Lizards also do push-ups to regulate their internal body temperature.
Lizards also have scaly skin, claws, and external ear openings.
Lizards also have teeth that are found on the roof of their mouth.
Lizards also have the ability to conserve the water they take in.
Lizards appear in art forms.
Lizards are a common reptile.
Lizards are a good example.
Lizards are a popular spring bait and account for many good fish.
Lizards are a staple for many baby snake species who then graduate to small then larger mammals.
Lizards are able to conserve water by excreting salt.
Lizards are abundant and can be seen scurrying about on walkways and in other sunny areas.
Lizards are abundant and can be seen scurrying about on walkways and other sunny areas.
Lizards are adaptable creatures.
Lizards are adaptable.
Lizards are also very successful in catching the roach.
Lizards are among several reptiles who reproduce by laying eggs.
Lizards are ancient brothers who are found in warmer climates all over the earth.
Lizards are animals.
Lizards are as diverse as their dwellings.
Lizards are capable of exercises.
Lizards are capable of pets.
Lizards are cold-blooded creatures that rely on outside warmth to function.
Lizards are cold-blooded reptiles that have long tails and four legs.
Lizards are cold-blooded.
Lizards are common but shy.
Lizards are common in warm areas where cover and food are abundant.
Lizards are common.
Lizards are considered omnivores, meaning they can consume both plants and other organisms.
Lizards are cool-blooded creatures and love warm, humid places.
Lizards are diurnal, and are often observed along park trails.
Lizards are ectothermic, meaning their internal body temperature is close to the air temperature.
Lizards are either herbivorous or insect- iverous.
Lizards are extremely rare in European deposits.
Lizards are fairly common.
Lizards are found around the world.
Lizards are four legged animals with a long tail.
Lizards are fun and easy to watch.
Lizards are harder to keep in captivity than other animals due to their special requirements.
Lizards are highly flammable.
Lizards are important contributors to ecosystems, especially in arid lands.
Lizards are known as lizards.
Lizards are located in amazons.
Lizards are located in backyards.
Lizards are located in beachs.
Lizards are located in books.
Lizards are located in bushs.
Lizards are located in cages.
Lizards are located in captivity.
Lizards are located in chinas.
Lizards are located in countries.
Lizards are located in creeks.
Lizards are located in dessert.
Lizards are located in documentaries.
Lizards are located in dry areas.
Lizards are located in encyclopedias.
Lizards are located in environments.
Lizards are located in forests.
Lizards are located in front porchs.
Lizards are located in gardens.
Lizards are located in habitats.
Lizards are located in holes.
Lizards are located in homes.
Lizards are located in houses.
Lizards are located in lakes.
Lizards are located in leafs.
Lizards are located in logs.
Lizards are located in masonry.
Lizards are located in nature.
Lizards are located in paintings.
Lizards are located in pet shops.
Lizards are located in plants.
Lizards are located in rocks.
Lizards are located in salad.
Lizards are located in shades.
Lizards are located in shady spots.
Lizards are located in shrubs.
Lizards are located in sun.
Lizards are located in sunlight.
Lizards are located in swamp.
Lizards are located in tanks.
Lizards are located in tree trunks.
Lizards are located in tropical areas.
Lizards are located in tropical rainforests.
Lizards are located in tropics.
Lizards are located in undergrowth.
Lizards are located in warm areas.
Lizards are located in water.
Lizards are located in wholes.
Lizards are located in yards.
Lizards are more active at night and make a squeaking noise.
Lizards are more numerous than snakes.
Lizards are numerous, but snakes comparatively rare.
Lizards are our favorite reptile.
Lizards are part of a group of animals known as reptiles.
Lizards are pretty good food.
Lizards are prey to many animals, such as birds, mammals, and reptiles, including other lizards.
Lizards are probably the most familiar of all reptiles.
Lizards are quadrupeds.
Lizards are quick to migrate and are certain to find food elsewhere.
Lizards are quite common in desert habitats.
Lizards are related to snakes.
Lizards are removed from the containers and information is recorded on data sheets.
Lizards are reptiles .
Lizards are reptiles that are closely related to snakes.
Lizards are reptiles which means that lizards are cold blooded.
Lizards are reptiles with scales and eyelids that move.
Lizards are reptiles.
Lizards are seen as noble and attractive.
Lizards are small and can hide their eggs well.
Lizards are small animals.
Lizards are smalls.
Lizards are strong wind.
Lizards are the easiest reptile to watch because they are common.
Lizards are the most abundant.
Lizards are the most numerous and diverse reptiles alive today.
Lizards are the only inhabitants.
Lizards are the true good guys in any lawn or garden.
Lizards are typically jelly bean shaped and some such as gecko eggs are round.
Lizards are versatile and diverse.
Lizards are vertebrates.
Lizards associate large feathers with death.
Lizards associate the broken shells with larger predators such as birds and larger reptiles.
Lizards avoid snakes.
Lizards avoid venomous snakes.
Lizards bask on exposed rocks early in the day, then forage or engage in social behavior.
Lizards begin with four-footed locomotion and switch to bipedal as speed increases.
Lizards belong in a large class of animals called Reptilia .
Lizards bite people.
Lizards bob heads.
Lizards can be ready to mate when they are a year old for most of the small and medium species.
Lizards can change the colour of their skin to avoid attacks.
Lizards can get past guards and maids, and can end up in the best hotels.
Lizards can go into estivation, too.
Lizards can grow new tail.
Lizards can grow new tails.
Lizards can have feces or old food trapped underneath their nails .
Lizards can look in two different directions at the same time.
Lizards capture their prey with the teeth or flick it into the mouth with the tongue.
Lizards catch prey.
Lizards catch thier prey in different ways.
Lizards chew food.
Lizards Click on the scientific names below for a description and picture of the species.
Lizards climb surfaces.
Lizards come from regions.
Lizards consume diets.
Lizards crawl forth from winter dormancy.
Lizards dart everywhere.
Lizards dart in and out of the cracks in the ancient walls.
Lizards descend from dinosaurs.
Lizards develop eyes.
Lizards develop heads.
Lizards develop jaws.
Lizards develop lungs.
Lizards develop organs.
Lizards develop skin.
Lizards develop stomachs.
Lizards devote varying degrees of parental care to their offspring.
Lizards differ from snakes in that they have four feet and can move quite quickly.
Lizards digest food.
Lizards display color.
Lizards display different color.
Lizards Draw out the body and the head of the lizard.
Lizards eat a variety of different insects.
Lizards eat a variety of plants and plant parts.
Lizards eat almost anything they can catch.
Lizards eat ants.
Lizards eat bugs.
Lizards eat diets.
Lizards eat food.
Lizards eat insects.
Lizards eat insects.
Lizards eat mice.
Lizards eat other insects.
Lizards eat other small insects.
Lizards eat plants.
Lizards eat rodents.
Lizards eat scorpions.
Lizards eat small insects.
Lizards eat spiders.
Lizards eat the ants or the fungi.
Lizards eat vary diets.
Lizards employ methods.
Lizards employ one of two basic behaviors for finding food .
Lizards enjoy spending time basking in the sunlight.
Lizards exist in varies sizes, colours and shapes.
Lizards feed on food.
Lizards feed on insects.
Lizards feed on mosquitoes.
Lizards generally have four legs and movable eyelids.
Lizards generally live in the tropical zone where it is very warm.
Lizards give birth to lizards.
Lizards go to holes.
Lizards grow for their entire lives.
Lizards grow into adults.
Lizards grow quickly.
Lizards has-part claws.
Lizards has-part eyes.
Lizards has-part flesh.
Lizards has-part heads.
Lizards has-part legs.
Lizards has-part limbs.
Lizards has-part lungs.
Lizards has-part organs.
Lizards has-part skin.
Lizards has-part spines.
Lizards has-part tails.
Lizards have (part) brains.
Lizards have (part) breasts.
Lizards have (part) cell membranes.
Lizards have (part) cells.
Lizards have (part) chest cavities.
Lizards have (part) chests.
Lizards have (part) corpi.
Lizards have (part) cytoplasm.
Lizards have (part) ears.
Lizards have (part) faces.
Lizards have (part) nuclei.
Lizards have (part) pedal extremities.
Lizards have (part) plasma membranes.
Lizards have (part) rib cages.
Lizards have (part) sections.
Lizards have (part) skulls.
Lizards have (part) sterna.
Lizards have (part) vacuoles.
Lizards have (part) vertebrate feet.
Lizards have a fragile, detachable tail.
Lizards have a long tail.
Lizards have a more complex skull structure than do snakes.
Lizards have a sharp view and can observe colors.
Lizards have a slimy appearance, but they are actually dry.
Lizards have a special brain part that measures time.
Lizards have a weak tail.
Lizards have acute vision.
Lizards have appearances.
Lizards have backbones.
Lizards have body temperature.
Lizards have bones.
Lizards have claws, lungs, and a tough outer skin of scales.
Lizards have color vision.
Lizards have coloration.
Lizards have crude third eyes on top of their heads that senses whether it's day or night.
Lizards have different length.
Lizards have dry, scaly skin like their relatives, the turtles and snakes.
Lizards have dry, scaly skin.
Lizards have external ear openings, unlike snakes which have no openings at all.
Lizards have extremely acute color vision.
Lizards have eyelids.
Lizards have eyes.
Lizards have flat tails.
Lizards have glands.
Lizards have great personalities.
Lizards have great vision and use their tongues to taste their surroundings.
Lizards have habitats.
Lizards have hind limbs.
Lizards have jaws with teeth.
Lizards have legs.
Lizards have length.
Lizards have life.
Lizards have limb length.
Lizards have limbs.
Lizards have long life.
Lizards have lungs.
Lizards have moveable eyelids.
Lizards have natural habitats.
Lizards have normal temperature.
Lizards have offspring.
Lizards have preference.
Lizards have prehensile tails.
Lizards have prey.
Lizards have rough backs and come in many shapes and sizes.
Lizards have rounded tails.
Lizards have scaly skin.
Lizards have sexual throat pouches and wat- tles which become erected in excitement.
Lizards have sharp spines.
Lizards have short legs.
Lizards have skin.
Lizards have special brain parts that can tell time.
Lizards have special tails that can regenerate.
Lizards have spines.
Lizards have survival.
Lizards have tails.
Lizards have teeth, too, even vegetarian lizards like green iguanas.
Lizards have teeth.
Lizards have temperature.
Lizards have temporary teeth.
Lizards have toes.
Lizards have tongues.
Lizards have two methods by which they can regulate their body temperature.
Lizards have vision.
Lizards have weak legs.
Lizards hunt food.
Lizards hunt insects.
Lizards ingest water.
Lizards inhabit american deserts.
Lizards inhabit deserts.
Lizards inhabit north american deserts.
Lizards know the trick.
Lizards lay eggs in which baby lizards have from a few months later.
Lizards learn to prey.
Lizards lift legs.
Lizards like to hang out on the walls as well as underneath objects.
Lizards like to sun themselves to increase their body temperature.
Lizards limbo through a barnyard.
Lizards live all over the world and are the largest group of reptiles.
Lizards live everywhere in the world except in Antarctica.
Lizards live in areas.
Lizards live in diverse environments and are the most geographically widespread of the reptiles.
Lizards live in environments.
Lizards live in grass.
Lizards live in habitats.
Lizards live in hemispheres.
Lizards live in locations.
Lizards live in regions.
Lizards live in same areas.
Lizards live in sand.
Lizards live in the same type of habitat as small mammals because of the many hiding places.
Lizards live in trees.
Lizards live in tropical to warm temperature dry forests, woodland and savanna woodland.
Lizards live in zones.
Lizards live on earth.
Lizards live on every continent except a. Africa.
Lizards look like snakes.
Lizards love sun.
Lizards love to bask in the sun.
Lizards make awsome pets.
Lizards make eggs.
Lizards make excellent pets.
Lizards make up one of the most diverse and successful groups of modern reptiles.
Lizards mostly hibernate in the cold days of winter.
Lizards move heads.
Lizards needs a temperature gradient to live in.
Lizards never stop growing.
Lizards occur at elevation.
Lizards occur in deserts.
Lizards occur in environments.
Lizards occur in habitats.
Lizards occur in regions.
Lizards open mouths.
Lizards outnumber all other reptiles.
Lizards patrol the larval landscape, and giant tortoises galumph on the beaches.
Lizards persist in habitats.
Lizards position themselves in the sun to warm up so they can move.
Lizards possess blood.
Lizards possess brown coloration.
Lizards possess coloration.
Lizards possess glands.
Lizards possess limbs.
Lizards possess metamorphosis.
Lizards possess nasal glands.
Lizards possess nasal salt glands.
Lizards possess salt glands.
Lizards prefer areas.
Lizards prefer environments.
Lizards prefer habitats.
Lizards prefer locations.
Lizards reach adulthood.
Lizards reach maturity.
Lizards receive light.
Lizards regrow tails.
Lizards relate to iguanas.
Lizards rely on their sight while snakes and turtles rely on their smell.
Lizards reproduce by means of internal fertilization.
Lizards require five to seven feedings per week due to their high metabolic rates.
Lizards require food.
Lizards require habitats.
Lizards require large cages to accommodate their active behavior.
Lizards require proteins.
Lizards require special care.
Lizards require water.
Lizards respond to threats in several different ways.
Lizards rest on trees.
Lizards roam earth.
Lizards roam environments.
Lizards roam freely.
Lizards roam ground.
Lizards scamper ahead by twisting their bodies from side to side as they move their feet forward.
Lizards scamper up the cracked, plaster walls.
Lizards scatter or bask.
Lizards scurry about, and rabbits play in the coolness of the dawn and the sunsets.
Lizards scurry out of our way.
Lizards scurry quickly, including the colorful collared lizard.
Lizards scuttle in the dust.
Lizards search for insects among the rocks and the doves search in the litter on the ground.
Lizards seek a sunny spot in the morning to warm up to operating temperatures more quickly.
Lizards seek out habitats.
Lizards shed scales.
Lizards shed skin.
Lizards shed their skin when they outgrow it.
Lizards shed their skin, or molt, as they grow.
Lizards show a variety of adaptations to particular environments.
Lizards show much the same range as turtles.
Lizards sit in sun.
Lizards smell by licking in the air just like snakes do.
Lizards survive in the desert by sheltering during the heat of the day and expending little energy.
Lizards swallow food.
Lizards swim through sand, snakes surf the sand dunes, beetles race over miles of desert.
Lizards thrive in deserts, but no reptiles can survive at all in polar ecosystems.
Lizards thrive in deserts.
Lizards turn bright colors when they are courting.
Lizards typically feed on insects, birds or rodents.
Lizards use eyes.
Lizards use muscles.
Lizards use their tongues as sense organs.
Lizards use throat muscles.
Lizards wait for prey.
Lizards wake up when they hear bells.
Lizards walk on feet.
Lizards walk on legs.
Lizards wear wrist watches.
Lizards sometimes eat their own tail after they have shed it to regain weight from losing the tail.
Lizards usually have four legs, with five toes on each foot.
Lizards usually have males being larger than females.
Lizards usually shed their skins in scraps, often starting by a split down the back.
All lizards are reptiles.
All lizards breath through their noses.
All lizards eat flies and other insects.
All lizards eat worms, insects and spiders.
All lizards have external ear openings and movable eyelids.
All lizards have legs.
All lizards known as skinks have a shiny skin.
All lizards remain the property of the City of Orlando.
Many lizards are also important food sources for snakes, as well as birds like the roadrunner.
Many lizards are capable of regenerating lost limbs or tails.
Many lizards are diurnal, brightly colored and display interesting social behavior.
Many lizards are diurnal, which means they are active during the day.
Many lizards are eaten by raptors and other birds.
Many lizards are insect eaters, for instance, and so help keep insect populations in check.
Many lizards are insectivorous, relatively long tail, four legs, and live a fairly short life.
Many lizards can produce and lay eggs, just as can chickens and humans, without being mated.
Many lizards can shed their tail to escape from predators.
Many lizards can squish their scaly bodies pretty small.
Many lizards display four limbs but there are certain skink species that are completely limbless.
Many lizards do grow their tails back.
Many lizards eat a wide range of insects and invertebrates.
Many lizards feed on a live food.
Many lizards have green or blue tails.
Many lizards have highly acute color vision .
Many lizards have highly acute color vision.
Many lizards have salt glands below the eyes for helping the body get rid of excess salt.
Many lizards have the ability to lose part of the tail.
Many lizards live in rocky crevices, basking and hunting for food on rocky walls and outcroppings.
Many lizards show a lot more activity when there is some amount of UV in the spectrum.
Most lizards adapt for survival.
Most lizards adapt to environments.
Most lizards are insectivorous, feeding on many small insects, spiders, and other invertebrates.
Most lizards are known as lizards.
Most lizards are located in environments.
Most lizards are located in forests.
Most lizards are located in habitats.
Most lizards are native to the tropics, but a number of species are found in temperate regions.
Most lizards are predators that feed primarily on small insects and other terrestrial invertebrates.
Most lizards are small and somewhat repulsive.
Most lizards avoid snakes.
Most lizards avoid venomous snakes.
Most lizards bite people.
Most lizards breed in the early spring.
Most lizards can run, climb, and cling.
Most lizards can swim.
Most lizards chew food.
Most lizards come from regions.
Most lizards consume diets.
Most lizards descend from dinosaurs.
Most lizards develop eyes.
Most lizards develop heads.
Most lizards develop jaws.
Most lizards develop lungs.
Most lizards develop organs.
Most lizards develop skin.
Most lizards develop stomachs.
Most lizards digest food.
Most lizards display color.
Most lizards display different color.
Most lizards eat ants.
Most lizards eat bugs.
Most lizards eat diets.
Most lizards eat food.
Most lizards eat insects.
Most lizards eat mice.
Most lizards eat other insects.
Most lizards eat other small insects.
Most lizards eat plants.
Most lizards eat rodents.
Most lizards eat scorpions.
Most lizards eat small insects.
Most lizards eat spiders.
Most lizards eat vary diets.
Most lizards employ methods.
Most lizards feed on food.
Most lizards feed on insects.
Most lizards feed on mosquitoes.
Most lizards feed upon a variety of food materials, but some kinds are specific in their preference.
Most lizards find their food visually through movement.
Most lizards give birth to lizards.
Most lizards go to holes.
Most lizards grow into adults.
Most lizards has-part claws.
Most lizards has-part eyes.
Most lizards has-part flesh.
Most lizards has-part heads.
Most lizards has-part legs.
Most lizards has-part limbs.
Most lizards has-part lungs.
Most lizards has-part organs.
Most lizards has-part skin.
Most lizards has-part spines.
Most lizards has-part tails.
Most lizards have acute vision.
Most lizards have appearances.
Most lizards have body temperature.
Most lizards have collarbones.
Most lizards have color vision.
Most lizards have coloration.
Most lizards have different length.
Most Lizards have eyelids, an exposed tympanic membi'ane and a , tympanic cavity.
Most lizards have eyelids, ear openings, four legs and a tail.
Most lizards have eyelids.
Most lizards have eyes.
Most lizards have flat tails.
Most lizards have four legs, eyelids, and ear openings.
Most lizards have glands.
Most lizards have habitats.
Most lizards have legs, but some are legless.
Most lizards have legs, clawed toes, and external ears.
Most lizards have legs.
Most lizards have length.
Most lizards have life.
Most lizards have limb length.
Most lizards have limbs.
Most lizards have long life.
Most lizards have long slender bodies covered with scales.
Most lizards have lungs.
Most lizards have moveable eyelids.
Most lizards have natural habitats.
Most lizards have normal temperature.
Most lizards have offspring.
Most lizards have preference.
Most lizards have prehensile tails.
Most lizards have prey.
Most lizards have scaly skin.
Most lizards have sharp spines.
Most lizards have short legs.
Most lizards have skin.
Most lizards have spines.
Most lizards have survival.
Most lizards have tails.
Most lizards have teeth.
Most lizards have temperature.
Most lizards have temporary teeth.
Most lizards have toes.
Most lizards have tongues.
Most lizards have vision.
Most lizards have weak legs.
Most lizards inhabit american deserts.
Most lizards inhabit deserts.
Most lizards inhabit north american deserts.
Most lizards lay eggs, but some species give live birth.
Most lizards lay eggs, which they bury in the soil or hide in decaying logs.
Most lizards learn to prey.
Most lizards live in areas.
Most lizards live in environments.
Most lizards live in grass.
Most lizards live in habitats.
Most lizards live in hemispheres.
Most lizards live in locations.
Most lizards live in regions.
Most lizards live in same areas.
Most lizards live in sand.
Most lizards live in trees.
Most lizards live in zones.
Most lizards live on earth.
Most lizards live on the ground or in trees.
Most lizards look like snakes.
Most lizards lose their tails when touched.
Most lizards make eggs.
Most lizards move heads.
Most lizards occur at elevation.
Most lizards occur in deserts.
Most lizards occur in environments.
Most lizards occur in habitats.
Most lizards occur in regions.
Most lizards persist in habitats.
Most lizards possess blood.
Most lizards possess brown coloration.
Most lizards possess coloration.
Most lizards possess glands.
Most lizards possess limbs.
Most lizards possess metamorphosis.
Most lizards possess nasal glands.
Most lizards possess nasal salt glands.
Most lizards possess salt glands.
Most lizards prefer areas.
Most lizards prefer environments.
Most lizards prefer habitats.
Most lizards prefer locations.
Most lizards reach adulthood.
Most lizards reach maturity.
Most lizards receive light.
Most lizards regrow tails.
Most lizards relate to iguanas.
Most lizards require food.
Most lizards require habitats.
Most lizards require proteins.
Most lizards require water.
Most lizards rest on trees.
Most lizards roam earth.
Most lizards seek out habitats.
Most lizards shed scales.
Most lizards shed skin.
Most lizards sit in sun.
Most lizards sleep through the winter.
Most lizards thrive in deserts.
Most lizards use eyes.
Most lizards use muscles.
Most lizards use their eyes to look for food.
Most lizards use throat muscles.
Most lizards wait for prey.
Most lizards walk on feet.
Most lizards walk on legs.
Some lizards absorb heat.
Some lizards adapt to plants.
Some lizards are bred in captivity or kept as pets such as anoles, geckos, and iguanas.
Some lizards are chameleons and can change colors.
Some lizards are eaten by birds.
Some lizards are known as skinks.
Some lizards are legless.
Some lizards are limbless.
Some lizards are live bearers .
Some lizards are located in wood.
Some lizards are nocturnal, which means they are active at night.
Some Lizards are omnivores because they consume both plants and small animals.
Some lizards are sneaky and some are fast, but none are sneaky and fast.
Some lizards attain maturity.
Some lizards attain sexual maturity.
Some lizards attract attention.
Some lizards attract little attention.
Some lizards avoid people.
Some lizards become domestic pets.
Some lizards become pets.
Some lizards can change colors to hide.
Some lizards can grow a new tail.
Some lizards can then regenerate at least part of a new tail.
Some Lizards can turn the color of their surroundings for protection.
Some lizards cause death.
Some lizards change color in response to their moods.
Some lizards change color.
Some lizards change colors very quickly to match their environment, like the chameleon.
Some lizards climb dead trees.
Some lizards come out at day and some at night and some all day.
Some lizards curl into balls.
Some lizards descend from reptiles.
Some lizards develop hind limbs.
Some lizards develop limbs.
Some lizards develop methods.
Some lizards develop necks.
Some lizards display limbs.
Some lizards do protect their eggs from predators.
Some lizards drop tails.
Some lizards eat animals.
Some lizards eat beetles.
Some lizards eat berries.
Some lizards eat chipmunks.
Some lizards eat deer.
Some lizards eat fruit.
Some lizards eat lizards.
Some lizards eat prey.
Some lizards eat small animals.
Some lizards eat snails.
Some lizards eat termites.
Some lizards eat various fruit.
Some lizards eat vertebrates.
Some lizards emerge from caves.
Some lizards emerge from holes.
Some lizards enjoy being leash-walked for exercise.
Some lizards escape from cages.
Some lizards excrete acid.
Some lizards give birth to iguanas.
Some lizards give birth to living babies.
Some lizards go to gardens.
Some lizards grow feet.
Some lizards has-part stomachs.
Some lizards has-part teeth.
Some lizards have adhesive pads.
Some lizards have adhesive toe pads.
Some lizards have babies.
Some lizards have bacteria.
Some lizards have body parts that make their heads look bigger in order to fool their predators.
Some lizards have chances.
Some lizards have collarbones.
Some lizards have collars.
Some lizards have different ways.
Some lizards have ears.
Some lizards have enemies.
Some lizards have excellent eyesights.
Some lizards have eyelids such as geckos and skinks.
Some lizards have eyesights.
Some lizards have food sources.
Some lizards have frills.
Some lizards have fungi.
Some lizards have hard time.
Some lizards have heads.
Some lizards have impressive spikes.
Some lizards have many enemies.
Some lizards have much time.
Some lizards have pads.
Some lizards have protection.
Some lizards have sources.
Some lizards have spikes.
Some lizards have stable food sources.
Some lizards have time.
Some lizards have toads.
Some lizards have toe pads.
Some lizards have triangular heads.
Some lizards have valves.
Some lizards have ways.
Some lizards hear people.
Some lizards hide in crevices.
Some lizards hide in forests.
Some lizards hide in walls.
Some lizards hold breaths.
Some lizards hunt prey.
Some lizards hunt small arthropods.
Some lizards inhabit bushes.
Some lizards inhabit sources.
Some lizards inhabit water sources.
Some lizards live for years.
Some lizards live in Africa.
Some lizards live in America.
Some lizards live in arid regions.
Some lizards live in Australia.
Some lizards live in burrows.
Some lizards live in California.
Some lizards live in climates.
Some lizards live in cold climates.
Some lizards live in Connecticut.
Some lizards live in countries.
Some lizards live in forests.
Some lizards live in gardens.
Some lizards live in holes.
Some lizards live in Houston.
Some lizards live in Madagascar.
Some lizards live in temperate climates.
Some lizards live in tropical climates.
Some lizards live on dunes.
Some lizards live on trees.
Some lizards lose limbs.
Some lizards love owners.
Some lizards love pet owners.
Some lizards maintain weight.
Some lizards occur in areas.
Some lizards occur in forests.
Some lizards occur in parks.
Some lizards occur in same areas.
Some lizards persist in landscapes.
Some lizards possess bottoms.
Some lizards possess eggs.
Some lizards possess food.
Some lizards prefer light.
Some lizards produce offspring.
Some lizards produce sound.
Some lizards provide proteins.
Some lizards pump air.
Some lizards raise their bodies and run along on their hind legs.
Some lizards require vitamins.
Some lizards resemble snakes.
Some lizards rub up against trees or rocks to scrape off patches of their molting skin.
Some lizards seek shelter.
Some lizards seize prey.
Some lizards sell in pet shops.
Some lizards sell in shops.
Some lizards shed tails.
Some lizards sit in sand.
Some lizards sit in trees.
Some lizards sit on branches.
Some lizards sit on shoulders.
Some lizards spit poison.
Some lizards stand on their hind legs and sprint from harm's way.
Some lizards suffer from infection.
Some lizards suffer from respiratory infection.
Some lizards survive inactivity.
Some lizards swim like their ancestors did.
Some lizards take places.
Some lizards thrive in habitats.
Some lizards thrive in landscapes.
Some lizards use methods.
Some lizards use resources.
Some lizards use their tails to store fat reserves.
Some lizards wait for something.
Lizardfish are found in shallow water, sometimes burying themselves in the sand.
Lizzant soil are on alluvial fans and hillsides.
Lizzant soils are on alluvial fans, hillsides, and mountainsides.
Lizzie beings are more in tune with the lower bass lines in drum and bass.
LLAB attendance is mandatory.
Lladro figurines are detailed, masterfully sculpted, and exquisitely hand painted.
Llama lounge is a small backyard farm located in southern Maine.
Some llama packers like to cover greater distances.
Llama skin burns easily, and is very sensitive to insect irritation.
Some llama wool becomes commodities.
Some llama wool becomes valuable commodities.
A llama is a hoofed mammal
Llama isa ungulate.
Llama show and shear grooming.
Llama tames lion, oils 'em at a mall.
Llama watching is addictive.
Llamas are alcoholics.
Llamas are ambassadors of goodwill and stimulate the excitement of crowds everywhere.
Llamas are among the earliest domesticated animals in the world.
Llamas are an important part of Central Oregon's economy and lifestyle.
Llamas are an increasingly popular pack animal, and are available for rent locally.
Llamas are animals of altitude and require careful management to prevent heat-related problems.
Llamas are are very helpful to man.
Llamas are as strong as horses and have been used as pack animals for centuries.
Llamas are beautiful, wonderful animals.
Llamas are brown to black, or white, usually irregularly blotched with a darker color.
Llamas are browsers, they like to eat a variety of things.
Llamas are by nature very intelligent, gentle, and quiet animals.
Llamas are capable of pets.
Llamas are clean and intelligent.
Llamas are considered mature enough for breeding between two and three years of age.
Llamas are cousins to the camel .
Llamas are cud-chewers.
Llamas are curious.
Llamas are easy keepers, great listeners and cheaper than a psychologist.
Llamas are easy to raise, can be handled by anyone and are safe around children and seniors.
Llamas are efficient foragers They have less impact on plant life than the native deer.
Llamas are efficient foragers.
Llamas are especially sure-footed.
Llamas are evolved from ancestors.
Llamas are excellent fiber producers too.
Llamas are excellent packers.
Llamas are extremely easy to care for regarding feed.
Llamas are extremely easy to care for.
Llamas are extremely hardy and adaptable to most climates, altitudes and conditions.
Llamas are extremely intelligent, gentle, well-mannered, and clean animals.
Llamas are extremely intilligent animals, and are much like having a pet dog or cat.
Llamas are fairly easy to maintain.
Llamas are fairly easy-keepers.
Llamas are generally easy to care for.
Llamas are generally powerful in their profession, and are tools of death for many.
Llamas are generally very curious, smart and gentle animals to work with.
Llamas are gentle and intelligent, soft and beautiful.
Llamas are good family fun, and llama shows offer opportunities for all ages to get involved.
Llamas are graceful creatures with large eyes and a gentle character.
Llamas are grazers as well as browsers, eating on grasses and forbs.
Llamas are great working partners and family pets.
Llamas are hard working critters and liked to keep moving.
Llamas are hardy animals that are generally disease-free and resistant.
Llamas are herbivores, which means they are plant eaters.
Llamas are herbivorous animals that partake in grazing and browsing activities.
Llamas are herd animals and are excellent at communicating with each other.
Llamas are herd animals and thrive best in their own company.
Llamas are herd animals belonging to the camelid family.
Llamas are herd animals, and very much desire the companionship of other llamas.
Llamas are herd animals.
Llamas are highly sociable and enjoy the company of their own kind, so it's best to own two or more.
Llamas are in their pasture during the day.
Llamas are incredibly cool.
Llamas are individuals, with characters which differ as much as that of any human.
Llamas are inexpensive to keep.
Llamas are inexpensive to maintain.
Llamas are intelligent and easy to train .
Llamas are intelligent and easy to train.
Llamas are intelligent and interesting animals that have enriched our lives in many ways.
Llamas are intelligent animals and they can be easily trained as compared to other domestic animals.
Llamas are intelligent animals that make outstanding pets and companions.
Llamas are intelligent creatures and require only a handful of repetitions to learn a new behavior.
Llamas are intelligent social animals needing a companion, exercise, and a source of being.
Llamas are intelligent, gentle, and extremely inquisitive.
Llamas are intelligent, social animals that do better without any fuss.
Llamas are intelligent.
Llamas are larger than frogs .
Llamas are larger than frogs.
Llamas are larger then their alpaca cousins.
Llamas are legendary for their guarding instincts.
Llamas are like potato chips.
Llamas are low maintenance and easy to take care of.
Llamas are mammals.
Llamas are members of the camelid family, which at one time thrived on the plains of North America.
Llamas are modified ruminants with a three- compartment stomach.
Llamas are more independent and are often kept separate from other llamas.
Llamas are most popular in the U.S. as pets and companions.
Llamas are much easier to feed and care for than most livestock.
Llamas are multicellular organisms.
Llamas are multi-purpose animals.
Llamas are native to cool areas of South America.
Llamas are native to South America.
Llamas are native to the mountainous region of south America.
Llamas are our life and our passion.
Llamas are pack animals.
Llamas are part of the camel family.
Llamas are pretty much the same.
Llamas are pretty neat, too.
Llamas are pretty.
Llamas are prey animals, the same as sheep are.
Llamas are prone to lower molar abcesses.
Llamas are quadrapeds.
Llamas are quiet, peaceful animals and make soft humming sounds to communicate.
Llamas are quirky-looking barnyard animals frequently seen munching crackers at a petting zoo.
Llamas are quite easy to care for when compared to other large animals.
Llamas are quite intelligent and each has a unique personality.
Llamas are ruminants and chew cud, much like a cow.
Llamas are ruminants and have a three-compartment stomach.
Llamas are ruminants with three stomachs.
Llamas are ruminants.
Llamas are safe to have around other wildlife and stock.
Llamas are scent oriented, and from birth, they use communal dung piles.
Llamas are smart and are easily trained to put their halters on.
Llamas are so peaceful and calm animals that even a kid can raise llamas without any help.
Llamas are social animals and like to stay in a herd.
Llamas are social animals and mainly live in herds in captivity.
Llamas are social creatures and they enjoy the company of other llamas or kind caretakers.
Llamas are strange creatures.
Llamas are superb animals for companionship, wool, and packing.
Llamas are territorial by nature and are instinctively suspicious of canines.
Llamas are trustworthy.
Llamas are useful as guard animals for other livestock such as sheep and cows.
Llamas are useful guard animals for almost twice as long as most dogs.
Llamas are very athletic and like to run and play.
Llamas are very communicative animals.
Llamas are very domesticated.
Llamas are very graceful in their movements.
Llamas are very hardy animals and are relativly disease free.
Llamas are very intelligent and very inquisitive.
Llamas are very intelligent, easy to train and make delightful companions.
Llamas are very intelligent.
Llamas are very low impact on their pasture environment.
Llamas are very sociable animals and enjoy being with other llamas in a herd.
Llamas are very sociable herd animals.
Llamas are very social and require being with at least one other llama.
Llamas are very social herd animals - alpacas even more so.
Llamas are very versatile animals, classified as livestock in most states.
Llamas are willing pack animals but only to a point.
Llamas are wonderful and have made such a positive impact on our lives.
Llamas are wonderful companions but do have special needs.
Llamas carry babies.
Llamas carry gear and supplies.
Llamas carry gear, supplies and food.
Llamas carry weight.
Llamas chew food.
Llamas come in a variety of colors, sizes and personalities just like people.
Llamas come in a variety of colors.
Llamas come in a variety of colours from solid to multi-tone.
Llamas come in all colors, markings, shapes, sizes and price ranges.
Llamas come in all shapes and sizes and there is a wide range of acceptable weights.
Llamas come in all types, shapes and sizes.
Llamas come in many colours, so the fibre is much sought after by spinners and weavers.
Llamas come in many different shapes and sizes.
Llamas come in many sizes and shapes.
Llamas communicate by humming.
Llamas communicate with each other by ear position, body language, spitting and humming.
Llamas consume food.
Llamas contribute much more than transportation to the human communities in which they live.
Llamas create communal dung piles and it's simple to clean up the deer-like, pelleted manure.
Llamas display aggressive behavior.
Llamas display behavior.
Llamas eat bales.
Llamas eat grass, hay, and grain, and as browsers, also like bark and twigs.
Llamas eat grass.
Llamas eat hay.
Llamas eat mainly grass, shrubs, and lichens.
Llamas eat mainly hay, grass, and grain when in captivity.
Llamas employ strategies.
Llamas exhibit abnormal behavior.
Llamas exhibit behavior.
Llamas feel touch.
Llamas follow one another quite naturally.
Llamas give birth to offspring.
Llamas graze in environments.
Llamas graze in fields.
Llamas graze in grass.
Llamas graze in ground.
Llamas graze in habitats.
Llamas graze in hay.
Llamas graze in pasture.
Llamas graze in regions.
Llamas grow cells.
Llamas has-part bones.
Llamas has-part follicles.
Llamas has-part heads.
Llamas has-part incisors.
Llamas has-part legs.
Llamas has-part stomachs.
Llamas has-part toes.
Llamas has-part tongues.
Llamas have (part) brains.
Llamas have (part) breasts.
Llamas have (part) cannon bones.
Llamas have (part) cell membranes.
Llamas have (part) cells.
Llamas have (part) chest cavities.
Llamas have (part) chests.
Llamas have (part) corpi.
Llamas have (part) cytoplasm.
Llamas have (part) ears.
Llamas have (part) faces.
Llamas have (part) hip sockets.
Llamas have (part) hoofs.
Llamas have (part) nuclei.
Llamas have (part) piluses.
Llamas have (part) plasma membranes.
Llamas have (part) rib cages.
Llamas have (part) sections.
Llamas have (part) skulls.
Llamas have (part) sterna.
Llamas have (part) vacuoles.
Llamas have a long, refined face with large nostrils set over the mouth at the terminus.
Llamas have a much lower impact on the environment compared to horses and are very sure-footed.
Llamas have a natural guarding instinct and require no training to become an effective guard animal.
Llamas have a proven track record over many decades as being profitable.
Llamas have a split upper lip and can move each side independently.
Llamas have a stomach system similar to cattle and sheep.
Llamas have a variety of types and colors of useful fiber.
Llamas have a very good sense of smell but little body odor and their manure is almost odor free.
Llamas have about as much impact on the environment as large deer.
Llamas have an abundant fleece with a wide variation in color, quality and quantity.
Llamas have an adorable way of laying down and tucking all four legs underneath themselves.
Llamas have an extremely low impact on hiking trails and the environment.
Llamas have blood.
Llamas have coats.
Llamas have discreet bathroom habits.
Llamas have double coats.
Llamas have extremely bad breath.
Llamas have few medical problems and guard llama mortality is very low.
Llamas have five distinctive natural gaits.
Llamas have growth.
Llamas have humps.
Llamas have interesting personalities and just as humans, all differ.
Llamas have interesting personalities.
Llamas have long necks.
Llamas have more red blood cells per unit volume of blood than any other mammal.
Llamas have neck wool.
Llamas have necks.
Llamas have no fixed oestrus cycle, but are induced ovulators.
Llamas have no upper teeth in the front but have grinding upper and lower molars in the back.
Llamas have one young a year.
Llamas have remarkable variety in their body sizes and shapes.
Llamas have scent glands on the lower, outside of the rear legs and between the toes.
Llamas have senses.
Llamas have some unique reproductive traits and physiology.
Llamas have to be the calmest, most tolerant livestock there is.
Llamas have two toes like a cow, but walk on pads and have toenails instead of hooves.
Llamas have two types of fiber-guard hair and undercoat hair.
Llamas have unique blood that adapts well to the poor oxygen in the high altitudes where they live.
Llamas have very thick and long hair.
Llamas have wool.
Llamas learn very quickly.
Llamas lie down to rest and sleep.
Llamas live in areas.
Llamas live on ground.
Llamas live throughout the Americas, Europe and Australia as domesticated livestock.
Llamas make great gifts.
Llamas make quite a variety of sounds.
Llamas need diets.
Llamas need fibre diets.
Llamas need high fibre diets.
Llamas possess cells.
Llamas possess fur.
Llamas possess hair.
Llamas prefer to use a bare area of just dirt on the ground for rolling.
Llamas provide an easy way to enjoy the outdoors, especially for people with physical limitations.
Llamas provide meat, fiber and are used for transporting heavy loads.
Llamas provide prey.
Llamas provide wool, prized for making blankets, ponchos, carpet and rope.
Llamas reach full height.
Llamas reach height.
Llamas require little attention because they feed with the animals they are protecting.
Llamas require little space.
Llamas require much less to drink than most pack stock.
Llamas require water.
Llamas roam ground.
Llamas roam pasture.
Llamas roam plateaus.
Llamas seem to bring out the personality of the shyest person.
Llamas seem to really enjoy and be very interested in lambs.
Llamas seem to sense the needs of others and are giving and gentle animals.
Llamas serve well as durable pack animals.
Llamas shake heads.
Llamas share pasture.
Llamas show behavior.
Llamas stand about four feet high at the shoulders.
Llamas take food.
Llamas tend to eat tall, coarse bunchgrasses and low-growing grasses.
Llamas tend to toe out.
Llamas to adapt to conditions.
Llamas to adapt to harsh conditions.
Llamas transmit sound.
Llamas vary in colors from all white to all black.
Llamas visit fields.
Llamas yield bountiful fleece that can be woven into wool clothing to wear or sell for income.
Llamas usually guard sheep, but they have also been used to guard geese, ducks, deer, and cattle.
All llamas are beautiful, wonderful animals and each type is well adapted to many purposes.
All llamas are halter and lead trained, easy to groom and handle.
All llamas are naturally curious and great to have around.
All llamas come with a properly fitted halter and matching lead.
All llamas come with a ranch guarantee.
Every llama is a packer.
Many llamas are excellent packers.
Many llamas live without any shelter but trees.
Most llamas are evolved from ancestors.
Most llamas are extremely intelligent and gentle.
Most llamas are only truly happy with other llamas.
Most llamas are pack-trained.
Most llamas carry babies.
Most llamas carry weight.
Most llamas chew food.
Most llamas consume food.
Most llamas display aggressive behavior.
Most llamas eat bales.
Most llamas eat grass.
Most llamas eat hay.
Most llamas exhibit abnormal behavior.
Most llamas feel touch.
Most llamas give birth during daylight.
Most llamas give birth to offspring.
Most llamas grow cells.
Most llamas has-part bones.
Most llamas has-part follicles.
Most llamas has-part heads.
Most llamas has-part incisors.
Most llamas has-part legs.
Most llamas has-part stomachs.
Most llamas has-part toes.
Most llamas has-part tongues.
Most llamas have blood.
Most llamas have coats.
Most llamas have double coats.
Most llamas have growth.
Most llamas have humps.
Most llamas have long necks.
Most llamas have neck wool.
Most llamas have necks.
Most llamas have senses.
Most llamas have wool.
Most llamas live in areas.
Most llamas live on ground.
Most llamas now are kept in captivity, so they are protected from most predators.
Most llamas possess hair.
Most llamas provide prey.
Most llamas reach full height.
Most llamas reach height.
Most llamas require water.
Most llamas seem to find the procedure nonpainful and nonthreatening.
Most llamas shake heads.
Most llamas spend their days feeding on shrubs, mosses, lichens and grasses.
Most llamas take food.
Most llamas transmit sound.
Some llamas are descended from guanacos.
Some llamas are inside meadows.
Some llamas are inside pens.
Some llamas are inside zoos.
Some llamas are located on ground.
Some llamas carry equipment.
Some llamas carry food.
Some llamas carry freight.
Some llamas carry load.
Some llamas carry materials.
Some llamas cross pasture.
Some llamas cross tracks.
Some llamas defend positions.
Some llamas do require supplemental feed.
Some llamas give birth to animals.
Some llamas has-part appendices.
Some llamas has-part teeth.
Some llamas have compartments.
Some llamas have cousins.
Some llamas have domesticate cousins.
Some llamas have impact.
Some llamas have quality.
Some llamas have stomach compartments.
Some llamas live in fields.
Some llamas live on farms.
Some llamas make piles.
Some llamas play in fields.
Some llamas possess wool.
Some llamas protect lambs.
Some llamas pull load.
Some llamas require fences.
Some llamas resemble animals.
Some llamas seek homes.
Some llamas show abnormalities.
Some llamas show symptoms.
Some llamas sit in positions.
Some llamas suffer breakdowns.
Some llamas suffer from diseases.
Some llamas survive in temperature.
Some llamas thrive in pasture.
Some llamas weigh pounds.
Llano County is a region of rugged beauty and historic significance.
Llano County is almost all iron ore.
A llano is a field
Llano is one of the most unique and picturesque cities in the entire state.
Llano is the home of enchanted rock, and the deer capitol of Texas.
Llanos anacondas are fast swimmers, and scientists found that they roam large territories.
Llithospheric plates are a series of slabs that make up the Earth's hard outer shell.
LLNL employees can be and are fired for poor work performance.
LLRW management is a high profile and politically charged issue for California.
A lm is a light unit
LMs are also responsible for making sure that glossaries are maintained and made available.
All LMS have the basic features described above.
Some LMs deliver babies in the home or in birthing centers.
Some LMS provide authoring tools.
Most LMA employers provide access to both.
LMS costs are on the raise.
LMS game is started.
LMS models result in a linear response to chemical dosage.
LMS parents are very involved in their children's education.
Many LMS systems support only one type of learning environment.
LMS tryouts are always open to all tracks and ability levels.
LNCS volumes are also available on-line.
A loach is a bony fish
Loach directs in a simple and direct approach.
Loach looks at segments of society often neglected by the camera lens.
Loach sends a strong message without being preachy.
Loach shows how the workers' confidence starts to grow when they join the union and demand better.
Loach tries to keep the number of shows the band performs to a minimum to avoid over-exposure.
Loaches are native to Asian and European waters.
Load average is a decaying average of the length of the system's run-queue.
Load average is how many processes are ready to run.
Load balance calculates the optimal phase connections for single and two phase taps.
Load balance is rudimentary, with an attempt to distribute equal-sized 'workstation' chunks of work.
Load balancers are also in the direct path of all traffic to a particular Web site.
Load balancers are an integral part of today's Web infrastructure.
Load balancers are now a check-list item for many companies doing business on the Internet.
Load balancers are yet another type of Web acceleration device.
Load balancers exist because networks are faster than the systems they connect.
Load balancers have global redirection, allowing content to be accessible anywhere.
Load balancers offer greater control of the redirection process.
Load balancers prevent either switch from taking on more traffic than it needs to.
Load balancers react to the situation by spreading traffic among the remaining servers.
Load balancers support live failover, so data is instantly transferred from machine to machine.
Load balancing allows the print server to balance print jobs between two different printers.
Load balancing becomes a problem in cellular layouts under dynamic demand patterns.
Load balancing becomes an issue because the geometric complexity varies within the scene.
Load balancing can also refer to the communications channels themselves.
Load balancing can improve the server's ability to manage heavy storage loads.
Load balancing can tradeoff with loop overhead.
Load balancing can work between multiple clusters or within the bounds of one cluster.
Load balancing distributes traffic across all nodes in the cluster to ensure optimal performance.
Load balancing ensures a fair share of bandwidth for all users.
Load balancing increases reliability.
Load balancing increases the use of network segments, thus increasing effective network bandwidth.
Load balancing is a crucial component of building scalable systems.
Load balancing is a function of knowing all the available paths to a given destination network.
Load balancing is a major problem when simulating a single cluster.
Load balancing is achieved with equal-size domains.
Load balancing is an excellent point.
Load balancing is an important issue as well.
Load balancing is an important problem in parallel computing.
Load balancing is an issue essential for taking the advantage of parallel processing.
Load balancing is an outbound service, handling only packets being sent from the server.
Load balancing is another method service providers use to stream media across multiple servers.
Load balancing is another story altogether.
Load balancing is done between squid and oops.
Load balancing is done in a DNS round-robin fashion.
Load balancing is especially useful in very large Web sites.
Load balancing is especially vital for key Web servers and application servers.
Load balancing is fully automatic and dynamic in time.
Load balancing is important for high-volume applications.
Load balancing is near optimal in the model.
Load balancing is performed by shipping function calls between processors.
Load balancing is static since the division of work is determined at compile time.
Load balancing is the key issue for high performance of a parallel implementation of the problem.
Load balancing is the key requirement of network infrastructure solutions.
Load balancing is the only way to scale and manage server access.
Load balancing is vital in parallel computation.
Load balancing is well and easy.
Load balancing keeps the incoming workload evenly distributed across all servers.
Load balancing lets sites scale by adding new servers as demand increases.
Load balancing makes it difficult to maintain session information on a cluster of Web servers.
Load balancing makes it difficult to maintain session information on a Web farm.
Load balancing manages the user request load across all servers in the architecture.
Load balancing means directing routines to individual processors.
Load balancing protects the system against high CPU loads.
Load balancing sends multiple data read requests to the mirrored drives.
Load cell retrofits.
Load cell weigh batcher for cement and aggregates.
Load cells provide control force feedback.
Load coils are induction devices that shift the frequencies that typically carry voice upward.
Load coils prevent excessive noise on phone lines by filtering the line above a certain frequency.
Load curves can include temperature, convection, radiation, heat generation, and heat flux.
Load distribution can also share the load geographically.
Load distribution increases system effectiveness in the event of hardware failure.
Load distribution is an important topic for parallel applications in distributed systems.
Load distribution is one adaption to the force of gravity.
A load factor is a ratio
Load factor continues to be impacted by the startup of several new routes.
Load factor equals the bank volume divided by the bank volume plus the soil swell percentage.
Load factor is defined as the ratio of the average to peak loads.
Load factor is what percentage of seats are filled.
Load factor measures the portion of an airline's seats that are filled with paying passengers.
Load factors are at record levels.
Load factors are lower for the earliest flights of the day, so boarding passengers is quicker.
Load factors are ratios.
Load factors are the amount of freight or passengers carried compared to capacity.
Load factors stress the computer, the network, and the database.
Load fees do the investor absolutely no good.
Load flow is discussed as well as fault estimation and circuit protection.
Load funds charge sales commissions.
Load funds recognize that by touting themselves as advice givers who can educate novice investors.
Load management is a means of controlling the amount of electricity being used at any one time.
Load management is another way for businesses to reduce their electric bills.
Load resistance is influenced by the operating environment.
Load sharing makes troubleshooting easier, too.
Load shedding are limitations.
Load shedding continues.
Load shedding is common during summer.
Load shedding occurs in America, in Florida for instance.
Some load structures are less, and some are more.
Load testing is a critical part of testing all multi-user applications.
Load testing is a way to stress test a system.
Load testing is also helpful in determining the optimal configuration of a load balancing solution.
Load testing is the only way to verify the scalability of components working together.
Load testing pinpoints how well an application performs as the number of concurrent users increases.
Load testing tests an application under various load conditions.
Load time depends on how many courses are currently available.
Load time is a little slow.
Load time is a major graphics consideration.
Load time is also an issue here.
Load time is amazing, navigation is streamlined, and the auction system is seamless.
Load time is atrocious and popup windows are nonstop.
Load time is double of what is listed below .
Load time is faster, and more than one person can be logged in at the same time.
Load time is important when considering the use of a site for a classroom demonstration.
Load time is important when considering the use of a Web site for a classroom demonstration.
Load time is important.
Load time is kinda long though.
Load time is Noticeable.
Load time is quite fast.
Load time is totally dependant on modem speed and line connection.
Load time is usually hardware or installation related.
Load time is very important both for the spider timeout settings and customer patience.
Load time is why.
Load times are a thing of the past, as are clipping problems.
Load times are also an issue.
Load times are also somewhat long.
Load times are frequent and excessive.
Load times are minimal.
Load times are quick, menu navigation is simple, and options are plentiful.
Load times are unnecessarily long and especially annoying in-between frequent deaths.
Load times are usually less than one minute.
Load times are very important.
Load times are, quite bluntly, a bitch.
Load times can be agonizingly long.
Load times can be exceedingly long.
Load times can be rather long, too, and changing discs constantly is a real pain.
Load times vary.
Some load time is required.
Load transfer is of crucial importance for the design of structural materials.
Load washers use water.
Load also lights.
Load array only the first time.
Load balances traffic and maintains redundant paths to critical centralized resources.
Load balancing across many application servers also keeps availability high.
Load balancing alone is enough reason to outsource software localization.
Load balancing in volume rendering requires the estimation of screen work load correctly.
Load balancing technology distributes traffic among a cluster of servers.
Load balancing technology distributes transaction loads to available servers to keep response high.
Load balancing The task is to calculate function values using a series expansion.
Load balancing with multiple machines either uses sticky sessions or symmetrical sessions .
Load bearing walls brace from the floor to the roof.
Load bows on the shooting line only.
Load can also create a new element in a control array.
Load can also mean simply to OPEN a file.
Load carries capacity.
Load carrying ability is also a common question.
Load carrying information on components are available from the manufacturer.
Load causes fibers to lengthen, in spite of tension in the muscle.
Load causes problems.
Load cels one at a time, pasting as indicated.
Load changes only from external directories.
Load declines composite.
Load dictionaries, if needed.
Load displays into waiting trucks.
Load dogs back in dinghy.
Load dogs back into boat.
Load has (part) sections.
Load images on to computer.
Load increases consumption.
Load increases energy consumption.
Load indices for load sharing in heterogeneous distributed systems.
Load is electrical devices.
Load is electrical power.
Load is fodder.
Load is function of the span and the inboard.
Load is larger than the tension generated, pulls crossbridges towards Z-line.
Load is weight
Load is weight.
Load isa artifact.
Load loads a script from the local file system.
Load loads the XML document from the specified location.
Load make new connection.
Load miniatures from anywhere on the internet.
Load oligonucleotides to gel.
Load opens the specified file and initializes an object from the file contents.
Load pages faster.
Load pages on to server.
Load provides an XML scripting language to write test scripts.
Load refers to teaching.
Load returns an unspecified value.
Load sequences from 'private' and 'overwrite' the standard ones.
Load slides quickly and evenly onto the carriers to avoid streaking.
Load textfiles using the second button.
Load tries to load and initialize the given module.
Load trucks all morning.
Load wraps with fresh veggies, a moderate amount of lean meat and use sauces or dressings sparingly.
Loads acting perpendicular to the face of the wall cause the wall to burst outward.
Loads are a type of sales charge or redemption charge on the fund.
Loads are approximately two to three cubic yards.
Loads are clean, packaged materials, mostly in cardboard boxes.
Loads are consumers of electricity, and the volume of electricity they consume is rated in amperage.
Loads are forces which act on a structure.
Loads are generally a percentage of the purchase price.
Loads are light but the trollies do have solid wheels including steel wheels.
Loads are more wonderful fees that are meant to pay for the brokers services.
Loads are neat, trimmed well, and prominently marked.
Loads are units of traffic that move between one or more processes in a process system.
Loads are usually the amount of grain in a combine hopper or on a truck or wagon.
Loads are what actually enter the Bay.
Loads bale into machine bed, using electric hoist or pulls bale from chute, using hook.
Loads can be equipment or appliances.
Loads can be point, uniform, or trapezoidal.
Loads can come in all sizes and shapes.
Loads come from the forces which are placed on a structure.
Loads eastbound traffic on westbound sailing.
Loads Estimate the loads of dishes washed in the billing period.
Loads fast, plays smoothly.
Loads feeder and removes printed sheets.
Loads file into the layer and sets the width of the layer.
Loads have to be conveyed to the front axle by the frame of the trailer and trike.
Loads have to be lifted onto the barrow.
Loads involved for milling are a lot higher than lathe turning.
Loads involved for milling are higher than for lathe turning.
Loads roll of material onto unwind stand, using overhead hoist.
Loads slag into water-filled tank, using hoist.
Loads sleevelike feeding magazines with arbors, using tweezers.
Loads trash into trash pick-up vehicle or dumpster.
Loads work two ways.
All loads are asynchronous.
All loads are color coded and load level numbered.
All loads are for hopper trucks unless otherwise noted.
All loads are for normal duration loads.
All loads contain hundreds of different brands and a large variety of toys.
All loads execute in a single cycle as well.
All loads have to be tarped.
All loads use a wax paper cover wad between the cushion wad and bullet base.
Every load is different.
Every load results in multiple connections being made to the webserver.
Most load carries capacity.
Most load causes problems.
Most load increases consumption.
Most load increases energy consumption.
Most load is transported as bed load, rather than suspended load.
Most load is transported as suspended load, rather than bed load.
Most loads are mildly radioactive.
Most loads are of the metric ton variety.
Most loads can use a cold or warm wash setting with a cold water rinse.
Some load carries ability.
Some load creates resistance.
Some load features bullets.
Some load has consequences.
Some load has deadly consequences.
Some load has friction.
Some load has resistance.
Some load increases likelihood.
Some load sits on beds.
Some loads are light, some heavy.
Some loads are very complex to model yet their behavior is easily measured.
Some loads have code numbers.
Some loads take less water than others.
Loadable classes are probably more of interest to programmers writing Web applets, however.
Loaded ammunition is cleaned and polished.
All loaded ammunition is built to the same exacting tolerances as all of our custom ammunition.
Loaded barge is taken from recovery site to milling site.
Loaded carbon is stripped using a caustic solution.
Loaded funds charge a sales charge, usually when an investor buys shares of a fund.
Loaded funds do charge a commission.
Loaded images keep correct aspect ratio.
Loaded language is a key indicator that an appeal to envy is being made.
Loaded language is particularly effective in triggering hate.
Loaded language is particularly effective in triggering it.
Loaded language is prevalent in the group.
Loaded language is words or catch phrases that short-circuits a person's ability to think.
Loaded modules require additional memory.
Loaded pistols are good for people unless they're in prisons or lunatic asylums.
Loaded pistols are to be carried only by officers and mounted cavalry.
Loaded question dictates one acceptable answer. . .
Loaded tankers are difficult ships to handle because of their size and weight.
Loaded weapons are subject to confiscation by park authorities.
A loader is a laborer
Loader is a writer, CD-ROM designer and documentary filmmaker.
Loader needs to be in good shape.
Loader really works.
Loaders alone are available upon request.
Loaders also experience a problem with inadequate access.
Loaders are attendants.
Loaders move the rock and place it into customer trucks when the rock is sold.
Loaders pick up and pass the harvested melons to stackers located on a wagon or field truck.
Loading bays are only to be used for delivering or loading materials.
Loading controls is the biggest performance cost when loading a form.
A loading dock is a platform
Loading dock is at second building on right just past satellite dish.
Loading dock is ground level for easy drive-in access.
Loading dock is on the side of the building.
Loading dock is to the left at the end of the parking lot.
Loading dock needs to be generously wide.
Loading dock provides convenient access to exhibit hall.
Loading docks are for loading and unloading only.
Loading docks are for the purpose of vendors making deliveries, such as food, mail, or supplies.
Loading docks are in rear of building.
Loading docks are on the back of the center off of Houston.
Loading docks are open air.
Loading docks are parts.
Loading docks are to be kept obstruction free at all times.
Loading docks avail.
Loading docks face the railroad line to the west for direct access to the cars.
Loading docks have dock levelers, and it is a long flat push to the stage.
Loading docks provide access to buildings for short term loading and unloading.
Loading Docks Use loading docks when moving bulky items in and out of buildings.
Loading doses administered orally is the preferred treatment method.
A loading zone is a stop
Loading zone is located behind the library.
Loading zones allow the shortest accessible travel route from parking to the school entrance.
Loading zones are for emergency and maintenance vehicles.
Loading zones are just one place where delivery trucks can unload.
Loading zones are limited to loading and unloading only.
Loading zones are stops.
Some loading zones have meters.
Loading allows the rod to do most of the work in casting.
Loading also affects the living conditions of river biota.
Loading also causes the desire to drink to be inhibited.
Loading also has a psychological benefit.
Loading also supports the old format.
Loading can also initiate the intermittent condition noted below.
Loading can take some time, but all the videos are worth the wait.
Loading can take some time, more than a minute, but after it works fast.
Loading can vary widely depending on soil and climate conditions.
Loading continues as the hydrophone streamer is lifted onto the ship.
Loading is a snap.
Loading is a very small part of the day.
Loading is an all-day affair, often going well into the evening.
Loading is applied slowly so that point of failure can be observed.
Loading is at right angles to door at street level.
Loading is available.
Loading is calculated by multiplying instream total nitrogen by stream flow.
Loading is currently in process and fuel is now in the first cask.
Loading is currently under way.
Loading is currently under-way.
Loading is difficult here as the lake is very shallow.
Loading is done automatically by detecting cue signals recorded at the beginning of the program.
Loading is done by calling the load function on the path.
Loading is done by hoses.
Loading is error-free and involves only three simple steps.
Loading is facilitated by a semi-automatic breech and the loading tray with pneumatic rammer.
Loading is fast and simple.
Loading is fast, but unloading is where the tie-up is.
Loading is faster, quitting is faster, and manipulating the sheet is faster.
Loading is important in maintaining muscle and bone strength in the lower limbs.
Loading is in the form of uniform lateral loading per unit length along the length of the beam.
Loading is instantaneous.
Loading is made via an overhead gallery.
Loading is simple giving just a choice of letters to practice and then straight into the programme.
Loading is simply clogging of the grit, resulting in loss of cutting capability.
Loading is slow, searching fast.
Loading is slower due to size.
Loading is the responsibility of the buyer.
Loading is the stress put on the knee by a bent leg, for example, when climbing stairs.
Loading is very fast, and the computation speed is impressive.
Loading means reading information from a memory location.
Loading only has so many forms.
Loading refers to completely filling a brush with color.
Loading requires a different set of skills.
Loading requires a few more moments.
Loading takes a few minutes.
Loading takes a minute or so.
Loading takes a minute or two, please be patient.
Loading takes awhile, besides the initial compile.
Loading takes only a few seconds and customers can even use their online Virgin bank account to pay.
Loading takes place over three or four machines cycles for gentle handling of the product.
Loading takes some time.
Loading takes time.
Loading typically takes a while, but the result is quite nice.
Loading's a bit long.
Loadings continue to be paid during periods of study leave and long service leave.
Loadings is handling.
Loadings is puttings.
Loadings is ratios.
Loadings relate the specific association between factors and original variables.
Loading usually changes the current project's attributes to match the loaded file.
All loading is dock-height.
More loading means less run time.
LoadViewState event allows loading view state information into the controls.
Loaf of bread is bread
Loaves of bread arrive quickly with a sweet citrus butter.
Every loaf of bread baked costs the life of the yeast that made it rise, but the yeast lives on.
Loaf volume is a good measurement of protein quality.
A loaf is bread
Loaf isa bread.
Loafs are food.
Loafs are located in bakeries.
Loafs are located in hammocks.
Loafs come out of ovens.
Loaves are available for take-out.
Loaves freeze well.
Loaves look professional and decorative.
Loaves then continue along on more than a mile of overhead conveyor for air cooling.
All loaves are hand-kneaded with whole wheat flour.
A loafer is a person
Loafer is shareware.
Some loafers are expensive.
A loam is dirt
Loams are a mixture of clay, sand, and silt, and are more fertile than other soils.
Loams are agriculturally productive and have good drainage qualities.
Loams are always better.
Loams are ideal for good tilth.
Loams are mixtures of the different types.
Loams are soil.
Loams are the best soil type.
Loams represent roughly even mixtures of sand, silt, and clay.
Loamy soil is dark, fertile and crumbly in the hand.
Loamy soil is ideal for growing crops.
Loamy soil is light and easy to dig and is naturally high in nutrients.
Loamy soil is the best kind of soil.
Loamy soil is the best, though.
Loamy soils are best.
Loamy soils are ideal.
Loamy soils are medium-textured soils.
Loamy soils are prevalent.
Loan agreement covenants a.
Loan agreements used by lending institutions contain widely varying terms and conditions.
Every loan agreement has payment requirements.
Loan amount is determined by property value and borrower age.
Loan amount is max eligibility.
Loan amount is to be repaid in accordance with the terms of the promissory note.
Loan amounts are a fixed interest rate loan.
Loan amounts are also more limited.
Loan amounts are available for the full cost of education minus any other financial aid.
Loan amounts are available for the full cost of education minus other financial aid.
Loan amounts are limited.
Loan amounts can vary depending on the student's grade level and other aid awarded.
Loan amounts offered to students are contingent on adequate federal funding of the programs.
Loan amounts requested by the student are subject to adjustment or denial by the school.
Loan amounts vary according to class standing.
Loan amounts vary according to rehabilitation needs.
Loan amounts vary and are based on the number of new jobs created.
Loan amounts vary as well as interest rates and repayments options.
Loan amounts vary based on grade level and dependency status.
Loan amounts vary based on other types of aid being received and grade level.
Loan amounts vary by investor.
Loan amounts vary depending on grade level and enrollment status.
Loan amounts vary depending on grade level, enrollment and other financial aid.
Loan amounts vary depending on the number of jobs created.
Loan amounts vary depending on year in school and the student's dependency status.
Loan amounts vary depending upon other financial assistance and cost of attendance.
Loan amounts vary.
A loan application is an application
Loan applications are a common task.
Loan applications are also available on line.
Loan applications are also available.
Loan applications are applications.
Loan applications are available at all colleges.
Loan applications are available at any participating lender or at the financial aid office.
Loan applications are available at the college.
Loan applications are available for downloading.
Loan applications are available from banks, credits unions or savings and loan associations.
Loan applications are available from our office or from any participating lender.
Loan applications are available in the financial aid office.
Loan applications are subject to the usual prudent scrutiny by the lending institutions.
Loan applications can take up to four months to process.
Loan applications come into a bank.
Loan applications require two to six weeks processing time.
All loan applications are subject to a financial analysis in order to determine eligibility.
All loan applications are subject to credit approval with parameters as stated in the loan policies.
All loan applications are subject to credit approval.
All loan applications are subject to credit verification.
All loan applications receive a fair, confidential review.
Loan default has long-lasting or permanent consequences.
Loan defaults constitute the principle cost of the federal loan-guarantee programs.
Loan guarantees are also available where loans are obtained from banks.
Loan guarantees are also available.
Loan guarantees are the ideal means of invigorating the domestic launch industry.
Loan officers agree that a complete, well-crafted package goes to the top of the pile.
Loan officers are busiest when interest rates are low.
Loan officers are less likely to lose their jobs than other bank workers during slow economic times.
Loan officers are professionals.
Loan officers can help.
Loan officers decide.
Loan officers enter information about applicants into a computer.
Loan officers evaluate and process credit and loan applications.
Loan officers figure out whether applicants are below the cutoff.
Loan officers gather basic information about the loan request.
Loan officers handle installment, commercial, real estate, and consumer loans.
Loan officers help borrowers fill out loan applications.
Loan officers look for red flags in packages.
Loan officers meet with customers and gather basic information about the loan request.
Loan officers prepare and check loan applications and make decisions about giving loans.
Loan officers represent lending institutions that provide funds for a variety of purposes.
Loan officers say the extra goes to cover office expenses.
Loan officers talk to their managers and decide whether to grant the loan.
Loan officers try to lower their firm's risk by getting collateral from the borrower.
Loan officers use scorecards to determine applicants risk profile.
All loan officers receive some form of commission.
Any loan officer can merely take applications.
Many loan officers have the discretion to charge a fee higher than the minimum.
Some loan officers work their way up through the ranks.
Loan originations are subject to credit approval of applicants.
Loan period Indicate the length of the loan period for each item.
Loan period is dependent upon lending library.
Loan period is determined by the lending library.
Loan period is for two weeks.
Loan period is four weeks plus two weeks for delivery.
Loan period is four weeks.
Loan period is generally two years.
Loan period is normally one month.
Loan period is one day.
Loan period is one month.
Loan period is one week, with no renewal permitted.
Loan period is one week.
Loan period is ONE week.
Loan period is shorter near end of semester.
Loan period is six weeks.
Loan period is taped on cover.
Loan period is the same as that of the book.
Loan period is three days with two possible renewals.
Loan period is three weeks for most items.
Loan period is three weeks with one renewal .
Loan period is three weeks, with one renewal permitted.
Loan period is three weeks.
Loan period is two days.
Loan period is two hours with one renewal.
Loan period is two weeks with two renewals.
Loan period is two weeks with two-week renewals.
Loan period is two weeks.
Loan period varies depending on time checked out.
Loan period varies in each division.
Loan period varies with each type of equipment.
Loan period varies.
Loan periods are also often very brief.
Loan periods are approximately three weeks.
Loan periods are automatically determined according to library-defined policies.
Loan periods are consistent for all borrowers.
Loan periods are equal for all borrowers.
Loan periods are for two hours, four hours, one day, or three days.
Loan periods are for two weeks.
Loan periods are four weeks for students and staff.
Loan periods are four weeks.
Loan periods are generally four weeks.
Loan periods are limited and vary by type of material.
Loan periods are long and there are few restrictions on the number of books borrowed.
Loan periods are normally two weeks.
Loan periods are one semester.
Loan periods are one week for audio tapes and books, and two days for video tapes.
Loan periods are the same as in the main library.
Loan periods are the same throughout the system.
Loan periods are three weeks for undergraduates and four weeks for graduate students.
Loan periods are two hours, one day, seven days, and fourteen days.
Loan periods are two hours, one day, two days, or three days depending on the item.
Loan periods are two hours.
Loan periods are two weeks for special borrowers.
Loan periods are typically for one week.
Loan periods are usually for two to four weeks.
Loan periods consist of two weeks for students and eight weeks for academic staff.
Loan periods depend on instructions from the professor.
Loan periods differ according to media format.
Loan periods differ for different groups of borrowers.
Loan periods range from one day to four weeks.
Loan periods range from one week to one month and are set by the lending library.
Loan periods range from thirty minutes to seven days, depending on the item.
Loan periods range from two hours to five days.
Loan periods range from two hours to one week with renewal possible.
Loan periods range from two hours to three days.
Loan periods remain the same.
Loan periods vary according to each manipulative.
Loan periods vary according to material or equipment type.
Loan periods vary according to material type.
Loan periods vary according to the borrower's employment status and type of material to be borrowed.
Loan periods vary according to the lending library.
Loan periods vary according to the material.
Loan periods vary according to the status of the borrower and the policies of the lending library.
Loan periods vary according to the type of library material being checked out.
Loan periods vary according to the user's status as noted below.
Loan periods vary according to type of material and affiliation of the borrower.
Loan periods vary according to type of material and borrower type.
Loan periods vary as they are defined by the faculty members.
Loan periods vary based on user status and material format.
Loan periods vary based on user status and material type.
Loan periods vary but are usually two to four weeks.
Loan periods vary by a combination of format and user's status.
Loan periods vary by status of the borrower.
Loan periods vary by type of material.
Loan periods vary by type of patron.
Loan periods vary depending on lending institution.
Loan periods vary depending on the material and the borrower's privileges.
Loan periods vary depending on the patron's classification.
Loan periods vary depending on the school loaning the material.
Loan periods vary depending on the status of the borrower.
Loan periods vary depending on the type of material and the status of the borrower.
Loan periods vary depending on the type of material being borrowed.
Loan periods vary depending on the type of material borrowed and the status of the borrower.
Loan periods vary depending on the type of material.
Loan periods vary depending on type of material.
Loan periods vary depending upon a borrower s status.
Loan periods vary for a variety of patron groups as well as for different kinds of materials.
Loan periods vary for reserve books and interlibrary loans.
Loan periods vary for the different formats.
Loan periods vary from library to library.
Loan periods vary from one day to one week.
Loan periods vary from one hour to seven days.
Loan periods vary from one week to several weeks.
Loan periods vary from one-hour library use only, up to one week.
Loan periods vary from room-use only to one week.
Loan periods vary from three hours to one week.
Loan periods vary so be sure to check the due date of each book.
Loan periods vary so be sure to check the due date on each book.
Loan periods vary with different materials.
Loan periods vary with the type of patron and the type of material being borrowed.
Loan periods vary, and charges apply for overdue items.
Loan periods vary, based on the loan policy of the supplier.
Loan periods vary, depending on restrictions by the lending library.
Loan periods vary, depending on the instructor's needs.
Loan periods vary, depending on the policies of the lending library.
Loan periods vary, depending on the policy of the supplying library.
Loan periods vary, depending on the type of material borrowed.
Loan periods vary, so check the due date on the front of the book.
Loan periods vary.
All loan periods are subject to recall.
Most loan periods are for three to four weeks.
Loan servicing is another area that deserves reform.
A loan shark is a shark
Loan sharks are located in race tracks.
Loan sharks are mostly illegal .
Loan sharks are mostly illegal.
Loan sharks lend everyone money at exaggerated interest rates.
Loan sharks tend to ask for something beforehand anyway , like someone 's passport for reference .
Loan sharks tend to ask for something beforehand anyway, like someone's passport for reference.
Loan words can reveal the prior history of a linguistic group.
A loan is a debt
Loan amounts gradually increase in size with each loan cycle to allow businesses to grow.
Loan amounts that exceeded the regulatory maximum.
Loan assist to move-in.
Loan can be for cost of education per student minus other aid.
Loan can cover the construction period and permanent financing.
Loan can include balance from previous semester if currently enrolled.
Loan can include balance from up to one year prior.
Loan carries both interest and principal repayment provisions in a set repayment schedule.
Loan enables parents to borrow money to help pay for part of their child's education.
Loan falls due upon transfer of title of the property.
Loan features low or no down payments, assumability and no prepayment penalties.
Loan funds up to the cost of attendance are available to eligible students.
Loan includes user manuals.
Loan is a great opportunity to take advantage of.
Loan is a noun, where the verb lend is required.
Loan is a noun.
Loan is an unsecured, variable rate loan.
Loan is available from the third year onwards upto a max.
Loan is available through participating lenders.
Loan is closed, and the loan applicant receives the funds.
Loan is for a set amount and a specific pay off time is required.
Loan is for undergraduate and graduate students.
Loan is interest bearing.
Loan is interest only for both options.
Loan Is money borrowed off an organisation.
Loan is needed to start business.
Loan is one of our most versatile financial tools.
Loan is paid off at the end of the amortization period.
Loan is permissible subject to usual terms and conditions.
Loan is ready to close and fund.
Loan is repaid when borrower sells, transfers or conveys any interest in the property.
Loan is returned to regular repayment status.
Loan is secured by a mortgage against the borrower's residence.
Loan is secured by a mortgage.
Loan is secured by real estate involved.
Loan is secured by signature.
Loan is Sized and Priced.
Loan is subject to a credit check for the parent requesting the loan.
Loan is submitted to underwriting.
Loan is the noun.
Loan is three weeks.
Loan is underwritten according to income stated on loan application.
Loan means a loan made pursuant to the program.
Loan means sale.
Loan offers a home equity option.
Loan periods up to ten weeks.
Loan proceeds exceeding university charges are sent to the student in the form of a refund check.
Loan provides a financing option for parents or legal guardians of dependent undergraduate students.
Loan refinancing for the purpose of settlement of the original loan also requires a loan agreement.
Loan repayments Total loan principal repayments for the period.
Loan upto a maximum of Rs.
Loans account for more than half of the students enrolled.
Loans allow students to defer the cost of their education by borrowing now and paying later.
Loans also go to help students attend colleges specializing in massage, hypnosis and hair removal.
Loans also have protective covenants that help ensure the investors' interest.
Loans also have to be repaid back if a student is attending a college less than half - time.
Loans also help associations of congregations for other ministries, such as high schools and camps.
Loans are a big part of the financial aid package offered to many students.
Loans are a form of student financial aid.
Loans ARE a form of student financial aid.
Loans are a great alternative to conventional financing.
Loans are a large part of many students' aid package.
Loans are a part of each financial aid package.
Loans are a primary source of financial aid for graduate study.
Loans are a renewable resource , which can impact entire communities.
Loans are a significant part of most aid packages.
Loans are a source of borrowed money that a student repays with interest.
Loans are a source of income for the bank.
Loans are a vital resource used in meeting educational expenses.
Loans are acceptable, but only if the investor is personally liable.
Loans are almost always obtainable against policies with savings features.
Loans are almost impossible for foreign students to obtain.
Loans are also available for classic cars.
Loans are also available for major purchases.
Loans are also available for natural air grain drying systems.
Loans are also available for study related expenses such as books and equipment.
Loans are also available in the form of student overdrafts from banks.
Loans are also available through the university financial aid office.
Loans are also available to agri businesses.
Loans are also available to businesses for property loss and economic injury.
Loans are also available to fix the property, buy appliances or even do major remodeling.
Loans are also available to persons who wish to start a business.
Loans are also available to qualified customers.
Loans are also available.
Loans are an effective and reliable method of funding higher education.
Loans are an important part of most aid packages.
Loans are another option.
Loans are as deadly as cigarettes.
Loans are assumable with release of liability and there are no penalties for prepayment.
Loans are at a four and a half percent fixed rate.
Loans are at interest.
Loans are available as incentives to assist in industrial growth within the district.
Loans are available as incentives to assist in industrial growth within the districts.
Loans are available at a low interest rate for a maximum of twenty years.
Loans are available at both variable and fixed rates of interest.
Loans are available at zero-interest, and no matching funds are required.
Loans are available both subsidized and unsubsidized.
Loans are available during the full course of the academic year.
Loans are available for a maximum of three weeks when shipped or two weeks when picked up in person.
Loans are available for a period of up to five years.
Loans are available for a variety of projects.
Loans are available for acquisitions, recapitalizations, refinancing, and buildouts.
Loans are available for all purposes.
Loans are available for both new and expanding commercial and industrial activities.
Loans are available for both student borrowers and parents of students.
Loans are available for both students and parents.
Loans are available for computer purchases.
Loans are available for construction, purchase or refinance.
Loans are available for construction, purchasing, and re-financing residential property.
Loans are available for dependent students.
Loans are available for everything from automobiles to vacations.
Loans are available for home improvement, education, or other major financial needs.
Loans are available for home purchase, refinancing and more.
Loans are available for homeowners on a low-interest basis.
Loans are available for international students pursuing a postgraduate business degree.
Loans are available for just about any purpose with flexible terms and low cost.
Loans are available for living expenses on an emergency basis.
Loans are available for minority, ethnic, handicapped and women.
Loans are available for most business purposes although there are some restrictions.
Loans are available for most consumer purposes.
Loans are available for new capital investment in farm and fishery improvement.
Loans are available for new or pre-owned homes, or interim loans for houses being built.
Loans are available for overseas programs on the same basis as for on-campus programs.
Loans are available for owner occupied, second home, and non-owner occupied rental properties.
Loans are available for owner-occupied single family homes, condominiums and townhouses.
Loans are available for participants.
Loans are available for primary and secondary residential residences located in New Jersey.
Loans are available for private, secondary or trade schools, colleges and universities.
Loans are available for rehabilitation of owner-occupied residential property only.
Loans are available for students registered at least half-time.
Loans are available for students through the following companies.
Loans are available for students who qualify to help cover the cost of college expenses.
Loans are available for the creation, expansion or upgrading of Aboriginal businesses.
Loans are available for true start-ups or existing businesses.
Loans are available for up to one half of the fixed asset costs of the project.
Loans are available for vocational courses lasting up to one year.
Loans are available for vocational courses.
Loans are available from both employer and employee contributions.
Loans are available from participating banks, lending institutions and schools.
Loans are available from the government as well as banks.
Loans are available from the plan.
Loans are available in conjunction with or independent of a scholarship grant.
Loans are available in the following States. . .
Loans are available on an ongoing basis, provided sufficient funds exist within the revolving fund.
Loans are available on any owner-occupied property in Connecticut.
Loans are available on new or previously owned manufactured homes.
Loans are available on purchases, refinances and cash out options.
Loans are available on special terms.
Loans are available only for rehabilitation of rental units.
Loans are available only for study beyond the undergraduate level.
Loans are available only to buildings occupied by tenants of low-income.
Loans are available only to guildmembers.
Loans are available only to juniors, seniors, and graduate students.
Loans are available only to members that reside in California.
Loans are available through banks and credit unions as well as some mortgage companies.
Loans are available through the office.
Loans are available to a broad range of companies seeking ways to cut use of U.S. energy resources.
Loans are available to all eligible jurisdictions for project design.
Loans are available to all graduate students through various government and university programs.
Loans are available to all students from one of the various loan programs.
Loans are available to all students.
Loans are available to almost all financial aid applicants.
Loans are available to any student, regardless of family financial status.
Loans are available to any Virginia high school or community college educator.
Loans are available to both students and their parents.
Loans are available to businesses located in certain Minneapolis neighborhoods.
Loans are available to electric customers with good credit histories who own their home.
Loans are available to employees meeting specific criteria.
Loans are available to help finance the local share of the cost.
Loans are available to help students until such time as the loan cheque arrives.
Loans are available to home owners only for any purpose.
Loans are available to meet most financing needs.
Loans are available to most students.
Loans are available to nearly all students.
Loans are available to parents of dependent undergraduate students.
Loans are available to qualified members.
Loans are available to qualified students in nursing, medicine and allied health services.
Loans are available to qualifying U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Loans are available to residents of England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
Loans are available to retired members with fewer restrictions.
Loans are available to sophomore, junior, and senior veterinary students.
Loans are available to students enrolled for at least five credit hours per semester.
Loans are available to students who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
Loans are available to Texas residents.
Loans are available to the parents of undergraduate students at a variable interest rate.
Loans are available to the university's faculties and college libraries free of charge.
Loans are available to UK residents only.
Loans are available under the same terms as commercial farm loans.
Loans are available under the same terms as farm loans.
Loans are available, but subsidies to reduce interest rates are limited.
Loans are available, some scholarships and grants can be applied for.
Loans are available.
Loans are by far the largest source of financial aid for the majority of students and families.
Loans are cancelable based on the years of service the student works in Georgia.
Loans are commenstruate with the borrower s credit and marketibility of the collaterall.
Loans are common.
Loans are complex, technical programs.
Loans are complicated, paperwork-intensive, and difficult to compare.
Loans are contingent upon the lending library's policies.
Loans are co-payable to the parent and the school.
Loans are currently available in three programs.
Loans are currently only available for class-room based study.
Loans are debts.
Loans are dependent on DSS criteria and on available funds.
Loans are dependent upon availability of funds.
Loans are determined in negotiations with the lender.
Loans are difficult to get and interest rates are high.
Loans are dollars that the student borrows from lending institutions and repays with interest.
Loans are due and payable in accordance with the loan agreement evidenced by a promissory note.
Loans are due and payable in full after five years.
Loans are due and payable upon transfer of property or business.
Loans are due in full if property is sold or transferred to another owner.
Loans are due on sale, rental or transfer of property.
Loans are due three months subsequent to granting of the loan.
Loans are due with the sale of the cattle.
Loans are easy to qualify for and offer terrific interest rates.
Loans are even available for international students.
Loans are even available for payment of stamp duty on the purchase of a house.
Loans are financial aid awards which require repayment.
Loans are financial aid that require repayment.
Loans are fixed rate.
Loans are for a maximum of six months.
Loans are for a period of five years.
Loans are for about thirty years and carry a low rate of interest.
Loans are for any purpose, most circumstances catered for.
Loans are for creditworthy parents meeting the general eligibility requirements.
Loans are for one semester maximum and are based on an honor system.
Loans are for one week and the user is responsible for return postage.
Loans are for one week only .
Loans are for one year.
Loans are for residences in Oregon only.
Loans are for six months.
Loans are for study-related expenses such as living expenses, books and equipment.
Loans are for the length of time the resource is needed.
Loans are for three weeks with a possible three week extension.
Loans are for three weeks.
Loans are for tuition only, and are made payable directly to the educational institution.
Loans are for two weeks from the date of receipt.
Loans are for two weeks unless the book has been placed on short loan of one or two nights.
Loans are for two weeks, with some material loanable for two days only.
Loans are forgivable after ten years and require no payment.
Loans are free but allow two weeks for delivery.
Loans are free except for the cost of return postage.
Loans are free from current taxation as long as the policy remains in force.
Loans are free of charge.
Loans are free to reciprocating libraries.
Loans are free unless the lending library charges.
Loans are free, although international borrowers are asked to pay for shipping.
Loans are funds that are advanced to help students meet their educational costs.
Loans are funds that can be borrowed at relatively low interest rates.
Loans are funds that have to be paid back, usually after a student has graduated or left school.
Loans are generally contingent on levels of funding.
Loans are generally for one month.
Loans are generally for two weeks but requests for other loan periods are accepted.
Loans are generally free but photocopies cost whatever the copying library wishes to charge.
Loans are good.
Loans are in compliance with regulatory requirements.
Loans are individually life insured annually for the term of the loan.
Loans are interest free as long as they are repaid on time.
Loans are interest free during the recipient's studies.
Loans are interest free to students while they are studying.
Loans are interest free until graduation.
Loans are interest free until repayment.
Loans are interest free until six months following graduation.
Loans are interest free while the student is registered full-time.
Loans are interest free.
Loans are interest only.
Loans are interest-free but require a guarantor.
Loans are interest-free until graduation.
Loans are largely for infrastructure and environmental projects.
Loans are like balloons.
Loans are limited to funds available annually.
Loans are limited to qualified individuals for property in New Jersey.
Loans are limited to qualified individuals on U.S. properties.
Loans are limited to single family dwellings.
Loans are limited to the amount required to cover tuition for one course.
Loans are loans.
Loans are long-term loans available through banks, credit unions, and other lending institutions.
Loans are low interest and long term.
Loans are low interest loans.
Loans are means-tested.
Loans are monies that have to be repaid in the future.
Loans are monies that students borrow to help pay their education costs.
Loans are monies that students can borrow and repay with interest.
Loans are net of unearned discount and the allowance for loan losses.
Loans are non-interest bearing.
Loans are normally due on the next scheduled payday.
Loans are normally for a maximum of three years.
Loans are normally for a six-week period but extensions are usually possible.
Loans are normally for up to four months.
Loans are normally renewable unless a previous recall or reservation applies.
Loans are normally until the end of semester unless the item is recalled.
Loans are of a short or longer term nature, depending on the amount and the repayment time frame.
Loans are on a demand basis.
Loans are on a first come first served basis.
Loans are one of the sources some institutions use to maintain the level of program support.
Loans are only available to small businesses and can only be used for manufacturing projects.
Loans are open to prepayment or early payoff at any time without penalty.
Loans are ordinarily for up to a maximum of three years at simple interest.
Loans are our specialty.
Loans are 'packaged' to be resold.
Loans are payable in five years.
Loans are primarily accounts receivable based.
Loans are ratio based on members savings and shares.
Loans are renewable annually based on satisfactory academic progress.
Loans are renewable by phone if no other requests have been received for the publication.
Loans are renewable if no other loan request is pending .
Loans are renewable twice for most items.
Loans are repayable in equal monthly installments over the life of loan.
Loans are repayable in twenty-five weeks for first loans and fifty weeks for the second.
Loans are repayable monthly and include escrows for property taxes and hazard insurance.
Loans are repayable over two years if unsecured, and over five if secured.
Loans are repayable within the academic term in which funds are borrowed.
Loans are riskier than government securities.
Loans are serious obligations.
Loans are short term and interest free until graduation.
Loans are short term and interest free.
Loans are simple to understand and application is easy - online or by telephone.
Loans are subject to a variable interest rate, adjusted annually.
Loans are subject to a variable interest rate.
Loans are subject to an income test and the applicants' capacity to service a long term loan.
Loans are subject to approval in accordance with eligibility and lending guidelines.
Loans are subject to approval.
Loans are subject to availability of funds.
Loans are subject to credit approval.
Loans are subject to interest charges.
Loans are subject to recall for research or molding.
Loans are subject to recall.
Loans are subject to recalls, holds, and renewals.
Loans are subject to the availability of funds.
Loans are subject to the circulation rules of the lending library.
Loans are subject to the requirements of current loan policy.
Loans are temporary funds that have to be repaid once school is complete.
Loans are the cheapest on brand-new cars.
Loans are the grease that keeps the wheels of Alaskan commerce rolling.
Loans are the most common form of assistance.
Loans are the most common form of financial aid in medical school.
Loans are the most common source of financial aid.
Loans are the most common type of financial aid.
Loans are the most common type of graduate student aid.
Loans are the primary source of financial aid for summer programs .
Loans are the primary source of government assistance.
Loans are time-consuming and labor intensive.
Loans are to be interest free.
Loans are to be provided at concessionary and uniform rates of interest and charges.
Loans are to be provided to borrowers through a network of subsidiary lending institutions.
Loans are to be put in a revolving fund to build homes one at a time until sold.
Loans are to be put in a revolving fund to build homes one at a time, as they are sold.
Loans are to be recorded at nominal value.
Loans are to be repaid within a ten-year period.
Loans are to be repaid within ninety days unless extenuating circumstances exist.
Loans are to be repaid within three years of course completion.
Loans are to be used for only business purposes.
Loans are to be used primarily for food, rent, medicine, transportation and books.
Loans are to cover tuition or course fees and other necessary equipment including books.
Loans are unsatisfactory because of high repayment costs.
Loans are unsecured, and usually no collateral or guarantee is used.
Loans are unsecured, with little or no collateral or guarantees.
Loans are usually available at prime, or prime plus one per cent.
Loans are usually for three weeks, with the possibility of renewal.
Loans are usually for two weeks with an option of one renewal of a further two weeks.
Loans are usually free of charge.
Loans are usually interest-free while the student is registered in the graduate program.
Loans are usually one month in duration.
Loans are usually part of a financial aid award package.
Loans are usually part of a package with other agencies or banks.
Loans are usually part of the total financial aid package.
Loans are valuable resources, but they also entail serious long-term obligations.
Loans are very common for students regardless of what college they attend.
Loans are very flexible payment tools.
Loans are widely available, but be aware different institutions require varied repayment plans.
Loans are within the terms of the approved line.
Loans are, however, available from Provincial entities and others.
Loans are, in principle, restricted to members.
Loans backed by collateral also help the customer because they usually have a lower interest rate.
Loans bear no interest charge and require no collateral.
Loans become due and payable upon transfer of property title.
Loans begin now and get repaid in the future.
Loans Buy a car.
Loans can also cover retrofit works, design and superintendence and the test run of the facilities.
Loans can also cover the costs of renovations and major equipment.
Loans can also stabilize organizations.
Loans can be an expensive business.
Loans can be for any purpose - debt consolidation, home improvements, car, holiday etc.
Loans can be for any purpose.
Loans can be for single or multiple export transactions.
Loans can be for single transactions or multiple deals under a revolving line.
Loans can be from the government, the college, or both.
Loans can be nice, but they have to be repaid.
Loans can be straight debt or a combination of debt and equity.
Loans can come from the federal government by way of the university or from outside private lenders.
Loans can cover insurance deductibles.
Loans can cover more than the incremental cost of energy-saving measures.
Loans can go to new projects or for improvements to existing businesses.
Loans can have a fixed interest rate or a variable interest rate.
Loans can help parents start a business instead of forcing their daughters to sell their bodies.
Loans can often be a tricky point in acquisition policies.
Loans carry a legal obligation to repay principal and interest under a defined repayment schedule.
Loans carry a variable interest rate.
Loans carry interest and a legal obligation for repayment.
Loans certified by analyst are compliant with all policies and procedures.
Loans come first.
Loans come from a variety of sources.
Loans come from both federal and private loan programs.
Loans come in many forms, including several federally-sponsored loan programs .
Loans come in three main types.
Loans come with an obligation to repay interest and principal.
Loans comprise claims based on overdue interest.
Loans continue to account for the major portion of aid available to students.
Loans continue to increase by increments of shs.
Loans create deposits, etc.
Loans create deposits.
Loans creating jobs for eligible individuals are available for businesses.
Loans dealing with construction are a bit more complicated than buying an existing home.
Loans designed for parents, whether federal or private, also have a credit component.
Loans destroy relationships.
Loans do have to be paid back.
Loans do have to be repaid.
Loans Do make loans.
Loans do require repayment.
Loans draw no interest until graduation as long as the student continues in registered attendance.
Loans feature a low-interest rate and are repayable over an extended period.
Loans Fill out one form and get quotes from many lenders for home loans, credit card and auto loans.
Loans Find the right loan.
Loans fixed in amount are paid off by debtors in cheaper dollars because of inflation.
Loans get a blank check.
Loans Get a loan or lookup rates.
Loans Get small business loans.
Loans Get some of Apples new found cash.
Loans have a definite repayment schedule.
Loans have a variable interest rate and require credit approval.
Loans have a zero percent interest rate.
Loans have an application fee.
Loans have terms and repayment schedules.
Loans have terms from one to three years.
Loans have to be paid back - usually out of future weekly benefits.
Loans have to be paid back boo.
Loans have to be paid back.
Loans have to be paid off at predetermined times.
Loans have to be rationed through the means testing now introduced.
Loans have to be repaid in five years with after tax money.
Loans have to be repaid with interest within a specific amount of time.
Loans have to be repaid with interest, just like credit cards.
Loans have to be repaid with interest.
Loans have to be repaid, thus worsening the borrower's liquidity.
Loans have to be repaid.
Loans help children.
Loans help most students attend college.
Loans increase effective demand.
Loans increase the rate of spending.
Loans loom larger at the bank.
Loans normally require approval from the appropriate curator and or collections management.
Loans offer embedded features such as to the ability to close, extend or review the facility.
Loans only become available as current loans are repaid.
Loans paid by the due dates are interest-free.
Loans processed by other guarantee agencies send loan funds by check.
Loans provide students with the opportunity to borrow against future earnings.
Loans provide working capital and money for expanding into new markets.
Loans provide working capital to small non-farm businesses until they can get back on their feet.
Loans receivable arising from real estate lending activities.
Loans receive same-day approval in most cases.
Loans represent more than half of all financial aid.
Loans require a separate application.
Loans require an additional, loan application.
Loans require at least half time enrollment.
Loans require no collateral and no credit checks.
Loans require repayment either during or after enrollment in college.
Loans require repayment.
Loans require separate application.
Loans secured by savings and certificate accounts are also available.
Loans secured on property, written details are available on request.
Loans seem to be the best way to do that.
Loans serve a good and useful purpose, when needed.
Loans start out small and get larger as credit is developed.
Loans take a little over a week, on average, when material is found in the Atlanta-Athens area.
Loans take time, so plan accordingly.
Loans There are limited federal loan programs available.
Loans There are many issues to consider when taking out loans to pay for college.
Loans There are various sources of loans.
Loans typically arrive in three to ten days.
Loans use a complex formula for interest, and some calculators can figure out loan payments.
Loans vary by eligibility and academic year grade level.
Loans vary depending on interest rates, amounts allowable per year and grace period.
Loans vary in all of the above criteria.
Loans vary in amount based upon the student's grade level and dependency status.
Loan often has points and fees.
Loans often cost less than at commercial banks.
Loans usually are for two weeks, unless other arrangements are made.
Loans usually arrive within a week, and can often be renewed.
Loans usually cost money to set up.
Loans usually end up in mortgage backed securities.
Loans usually have to be repaid even when the business fails.
Loans usually involve large transactions with long repayment terms.
Loans usually take one to three weeks to arrive.
All loans accrue interest during forbearance.
All loans are dependent on the willingness of other libraries to supply the materials needed.
All loans are due and payable in full upon separation of service.
All loans are due one month from date received.
All loans are either secured or unsecured.
All loans are eligible for loan forgiveness.
All loans are eligible to participate.
All loans are fixed rate loans.
All loans are fixed rate, simple interest, and fully amortizing.
All loans are for reading in the borrowing library only.
All loans are for seven years.
All loans are for six months and are interest only.
All loans are free to patrons holding library cards.
All loans are independent and there is no cross indemnification between and among the participants.
All loans are interest free.
All loans are life-insured.
All loans are multiple disbursed.
All loans are non-renewable.
All loans are on a participation basis.
All loans are open.
All loans are repayable within one year.
All loans are repayable within sixty days.
All loans are secured to collateral appropriate to the loan request.
All loans are secured.
All loans are simple interest with no points or prepayment penalties.
All loans are simple interest.
All loans are simple-interest with no prepayment penalties.
All loans are simply financial tools that are useful in some situations and inappropriate in others.
All loans are subject to a charge.
All loans are subject to a fee.
All loans are subject to a total aid cap equalling the cost of attendance less other aid received.
All loans are subject to application and approval.
All loans are subject to application and credit approval.
All loans are subject to appraisal.
All loans are subject to approval.
All loans are subject to availability.
All loans are subject to certain documentation charges.
All loans are subject to change.
All loans are subject to credit and property approval.
All loans are subject to credit and rate approval.
All loans are subject to credit approval and acceptable property valuations.
All loans are subject to credit approval and verification of income.
All loans are subject to credit approval by the bank.
All loans are subject to credit approval, acceptable collateral , and available equity.
All loans are subject to credit approval, acceptable collateral and available equity.
All loans are subject to credit approval, acceptable collateral, and available equity.
All loans are subject to credit approval.
All loans are subject to credit requirements.
All loans are subject to credit verification and approval.
All loans are subject to credit verification.
All loans are subject to early recall if material is required by other borrowers.
All loans are subject to final underwriting, approval and satisfactory title search.
All loans are subject to financial feasibility.
All loans are subject to immediate recall.
All loans are subject to lender approval.
All loans are subject to normal credit granting criteria.
All loans are subject to normal credit qualifications.
All loans are subject to normal underwriting policies of the bank.
All loans are subject to our credit policy and credit limitations.
All loans are subject to preapproval.
All loans are subject to property and credit approval.
All loans are subject to qualifications.
All loans are subject to recall after the initial three weeks if a request for the material is made.
All loans are subject to recall by the lending library.
All loans are subject to recall for use by another patron or for reserve use.
All loans are subject to recall if another borrower requests it.
All loans are subject to recall if needed by another user .
All loans are subject to recall.
All loans are subject to review by the loan officer and loan committee.
All loans are subject to status and satisfactory valuation.
All loans are subject to status, type and the value of the property.
All loans are subject to status.
All loans are subject to the applicant meeting minimum income levels and normal credit checks.
All loans are subject to the availability of funds.
All loans are subject to the director's written approval.
All loans are subject to the regulations and fine structures of the lending libraries.
All loans are subject to the terms outlined on the individual loan agreement.
All loans are tailor-made due to our wide variety of mortgage lenders.
All loans are to be in a first or second lien position.
All loans are variable-rate.
All loans become due at the end of full term.
All loans carry a small handling fee payable at the time of disbursement.
All loans carry points, which are fees charged by lenders at closing.
All loans continue to perform well.
All loans have a specific payment due date and it is found on the promissory note.
All loans have closing costs in addition to the down payment, and again, the cost can vary.
All loans have flexible repayment terms, as well as in-school deferment and forbearance options.
All loans have no pre-payment penalty.
All loans have problems.
All loans have risk, and some loans never get repaid.
All loans have some provisions for cancellation privileges.
All loans have to be repaid, including student loans.
All loans listed are B-term, or sold to institutional investors.
All loans originated are currently for portfolio investment only.
All loans present some degree of risk as no one can accurately predict the future.
All loans require a borrower's signature.
All loans require a cosigner and are subject to credit approval.
All loans require a credit check.
All loans require a down payment.
All loans require a separate application and credit approval.
All loans require a separate application or promissory note.
All loans require repayment with interest at a future date.
All loans require the personal guarantee of the owners.
All loans require the student to be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident.
All loans require written application and are subject to credit and property approval.
All loans start with an application.
All loans take credit into consideration.
Every loan is different.
Every loan is pregant with usury . . .
Every loan is received with an assigned due date.
Many loans are available to most students for health careers.
Many loans can be credit approved at application.
Many loans fall through even though the borrower has been pre-qualified.
Most loan are one closing loan.
Most loans allow a student to complete their education before beginning repayment.
Most loans allow students to complete their education before beginning repayment.
Most loans are at par.
Most loans are available at either fixed or variable rates.
Most loans are contingent on an appraisal.
Most loans are for a five year term with monthly principal and interest payments.
Most loans are for a year or less, with an option to extend the loan for another year.
Most loans are for about three weeks.
Most loans are for six months or less.
Most loans are for two weeks.
Most loans are free of charge and arrive within two weeks of request.
Most loans are free.
Most loans are non-recourse with standard carveout provisions.
Most loans are renewable on request.
Most loans are sent library rate, so allow two to four week for delivery.
Most loans are to Japanese manufacturers operating in Asia.
Most loans come from banks and there are differences from bank to bank.
Most loans have a lifetime interest-rate cap, which is the maximum the interest rate can go to.
Most loans have a maximum term of five years.
Most loans have a six to nine month grace period before repayment begins.
Most loans have an annual limit of the total cost of education less other aid received.
Most loans have low interest rates with no interest accruing while the student is enrolled.
Most loans have one or more fees, such as guarantee, origination, and insurance of application fees.
Most loans mature in five years or less.
Most loans move from closing to payout without any unusual problems.
Most loans require payments to be due on the first day of the month.
Most loans require the borrower to satisfy certain criteria before a loan is granted.
Some loans also require a fraction of the down payment and offer a longer repayment period.
Some loans are available.
Some loans are deferrable until completion of the nursing program.
Some loans are in the student's name and some are for parents.
Some loans are more flexible than others.
Some loans are unlikely to be repaid.
Some loans assumable.
Some loans can literally take months to close.
Some loans enter repayment immediately following the borrower's graduation.
Some loans have cancellation and deferment provisions.
Some loans have lower interest rates, longer repayment periods, or both.
Some loans have negative amortization features.
Some loans have short terms and a large final payment called a balloon.
Some loans have special requirements.
Some loans have to be cancelled and other ones have to be taken out.
Some loans require a credit check.
Some loans require full-time enrollment.
Some loans require payment of both types, some only the annual premiums.
Some loans require very little documentation, while other loans require a great deal.
Some loans take longer to close than others, each loan is different.
Loaned books are subject to recall at any time.
Loaned exhibits are available to qualified institutions for exhibition purposes.
Loaned items are subject to recall from the lending library.
Every loaned item is marked as to whether it is renewable or nonrenewable.
Most loaned items take between ten days and two weeks to arrive and often take longer.
Loaned materials are subject to a refundable deposit.
Loaned materials are subject to recall by the lending institutions.
Loaned property is accounted for in physical inventories.
Many Loango tusks are in private and public collections throughout Europe and the United States.
Loans amounts do include some second year students.
Loanword is a word
Loanwords can reveal the prior history of a linguistic group.
Most loanwords are nouns in their original language.
A loathing is disgust
A loathing is hatred
Loathing licks the thumb of fear and turns the page.
LOB corpus is an adequate choice.
A lob is a return
LOBs offer an indispensable resource to large, multi-national enterprises.
Lobachevskian geometry is consistent if and only if Euclidean geometry is consistent.
Lobar consolidation is common.
Lobar consolidation is rare.
Lobate ctenophores are translucent and give off a bioluminescent glow.
Lobby cards are shrink wrapped on cardboard.
Lobby groups are opposed to the introduction of genetically modified crops.
Lobby groups have a mixed outcome and tend to be focused narrowly in their own interests.
Lobby groups have every right to let their feelings be known.
A lobby is a room
Lobbies are for the use of all residents.
Lobbies are located in buildings.
Lobbies are located in business plans.
Lobbies are located in large buildings.
Lobbies are located in motels.
Lobbies are located in office buildings.
Lobbies are located in operas.
Lobbies are located in public buildings.
Lobbies are located in receptionists.
Lobbies are part of buildings.
Lobbies are part of hotels.
Lobbies are people.
Lobbies are public places.
Lobbies are rooms.
Lobbies are to be used only for picking up and leaving dates.
Lobbies are used for elevators.
Lobbies are used for entries.
Lobbies are used for large buildings.
Lobbies are used for rests.
Lobbies are used for talk.
Lobbies have elegant terrazzo flooring and granite walls in subtle colors.
Lobbies have walls.
Lobbies make contributions to politicians according to a common agency framework.
Lobby lifts transport female congregants to the gallery overlooking the main prayer hall.
Lobby provides library of books, games and magazines.
All lobbies are private with access to a second-floor sitting area.
Lobbyings are political actions.
Lobbyist compensation means all compensation paid to the person for being a lobbyist.
Lobbyist disclosure reports.
Lobbyist registration is on an annual basis.
A lobbyist is an inducer
Lobbyist give access and influence to moneyed interest, instead of the people.
Lobbyist includes a lobbyist for compensation, designated lobbyist and authorized lobbyist.
Lobbyists also deal with bureaucrats and regulators.
Lobbyists also spend substantial time planning and hosting fund-raising events.
Lobbyists are a dime a dozen.
Lobbyists are a feature of our democratic system.
Lobbyists are all highly paid representatives of commercial interests.
Lobbyists are an easy target.
Lobbyists are covert.
Lobbyists are good at what they do.
Lobbyists are great.
Lobbyists are just one source of information.
Lobbyists are loath to talk on the record before the contract is awarded.
Lobbyists are most successful when they A. use bribes and blackmail.
Lobbyists are necessary to finance election campaigns.
Lobbyists are part of political life in Britain.
Lobbyists are part of the process.
Lobbyists are persuaders.
Lobbyists are PR people.
Lobbyists are the key players in the game of politics.
Lobbyists are virtually unheard of in Orlando and Tampa, airport officials say.
Lobbyists are wicked indeed.
Lobbyists are workers.
Lobbyists are, almost by definition, political animals.
Lobbyists assist like-minded legislators in promoting interests common to member and the group.
Lobbyists attend hearings and meetings and keep the Members and staff informed about developments.
Lobbyists build their reputations by being reliable sources.
Lobbyists can be the lone source for information that lawmakers use to make their decisions.
Lobbyists can convey information just as easily in a conversation.
Lobbyists can create an account and register electronically.
Lobbyists can even silently monitor the conversation, if they stay on the three-way call.
Lobbyists can more easily promote desired legislation where control is needed in only one house.
Lobbyists can still go to lunch with legislators, but it has to be Dutch treat.
Lobbyists contribute to lawmakers' campaigns all the time.
Lobbyists find most of their financial support from the wealthy middle and upper class.
Lobbyists gain media attention by writing stories for newspapers and magazines.
Lobbyists give a bad name to the things they lobby for.
Lobbyists go to extraordinary lengths to gain access to lawmakers.
Lobbyists hate that.
Lobbyists have an important impact on legislation because they A. control political funds.
Lobbyists have very useful but limited powers.
Lobbyists help create grassroots support.
Lobbyists help fill the information vacuum.
Lobbyists help form legislation by doing all of the following except A. drafting bills.
Lobbyists help formulate strategy and provide follow-up.
Lobbyists hold impromptu conferences with one another or shout into cellular phones.
Lobbyists inform, persuade, and pressure.
Lobbyists joke about the entertainment value of watching the proceedings.
Lobbyists keep a record of contacts and progress with each legislator.
Lobbyists love gridlock because that means everyone needs a lobbyist.
Lobbyists make personal presentations to officials.
Lobbyists never look at the bigger picture.
Lobbyists never talk about the volumes of research that contradict what they claim.
Lobbyists pay for special access to lawmakers.
Lobbyists pick up the tab for legislators' meals and trips Lobbyists pick up the tab.
Lobbyists plan to use the time to head off new restrictions.
Lobbyists provide information.
Lobbyists say a letter is worth ten phone calls.
Lobbyists say they merely help businesses navigate a complex airport bureaucracy.
Lobbyists say they report back with details of whom they contacted.
Lobbyists say they spend money to get the attention of senators.
Lobbyists say they're simply participating in the political process.
Lobbyists seek to rally the public behind their cause.
Lobbyists specialize in government relations.
Lobbyists spend far more each year to woo legislators.
Lobbyists spend money on more than just meals and receptions.
Lobbyists stash their laptops and hit the dance floor.
Lobbyists still have better access than any plugged-in commoner.
Lobbyists still work the steps and hallways trying to get in some last whacks.
Lobbyists succeed in getting restaurant condemned.
Lobbyists succeed in increasing corporate welfare.
Lobbyists take aim at 'sin tax'.
Lobbyists tell stories of rudeness bordering on bullying.
Lobbyists testify at hearings.
Lobbyists work in teams.
Lobbyists often enjoy friendly and respected relationships with many Members and staffers.
Lobbyists often have greater access to lawmakers than do average citizens.
Many lobbyists are familiar with the mechanics of the legislative process.
Many lobbyists recommend that their clients donate to the governor.
Many lobbyists seem to somewhat overrate the movement.
Many lobbyists shrug off the advantage, noting that everyone has access.
Many lobbyists work without pay for a cause they believe in.
Most lobbyists are college graduates, and many have advanced degrees.
Most lobbyists are lawyers.
Most lobbyists do have at least an undergraduate degree, and some have a graduate degree.
Most lobbyists feel pretty comfortable going into a committee.
Some lobbyists are also instrumental in raising funds for legislators from their clients.
Some lobbyists are volunteers for their causes.
Some lobbyists even run family firms.
Some lobbyists have a few big-paying customers, but most thrive on volume.
Some lobbyists say the reports fail to reflect that half of their donations came from their wives.
Some lobbyists say the system needs reform, at least to eliminate contributions.
Some lobbyists see some advantage in the bill being considered in an election year.
Some lobbyists work for corporations as an employee.
Some lobbyists work for months, or even years, to reach the moment of payoff.
Some lobe capsules contain pale brown seeds.
Some lobe capsules contain seeds.
Lobe colonies consist of thousands of polyps, all descendants of one original founding individual.
Lobe contact is prevented by external timing gears.
Lobe damage causes impairment.
Lobe fins are rare among living fish and are only possessed by the coelacanth and lungfish.
Some lobe fins look like legs.
Some lobe fins look like tiny legs.
Lobe leaves have surfaces.
Most lobe leaves have surfaces.
Some lobe patterns show motion.
A lobe is a body part
Lobe isa body part.
Lobes are body parts.
Lobes are loops.
Lobes are part of ears.
Lobes are part of leafs.
Lobes are part of organs.
Lobes are projections.
Lobes control functions.
Lobes control normal body functions.
Lobes control normal functions.
Lobes have (part) corpi.
Lobes have earrings.
All lobes have margins that are toothed.
Many lobes swell or fork at the tips.
Most lobes have earrings.
Some lobes also have appendages of various shapes and sizes.
Some lobes contain sense organs including odor pits, balance organs, and simple light receptors.
Some lobes end in a small hooked point, others in a straight point.
Some lobes have bones.
Some lobes have characteristics.
Some lobes have dark purple spots.
Some lobes have dark spots.
Some lobes have fins.
Some lobes have fleshy fins.
Some lobes have lungs.
Some lobes have purple spots.
Some lobes have spots.
Some lobes have tentacles.
Some lobes overlap each other outward like shingles.
Some lobes produce hormones.
A lobectomy is ablation
Lobectomy is done showing a tumor mass with gross features illustrated in the pictures.
A lobed leaf is a leaf
Lobed leaves lend the canopy a medium texture.
A lobelia is a herb
Lobelia also enhances the function of the respiratory system and has antispasmodic effects.
Lobelia can also induce sweating and vomiting.
Lobelia can suppress breathing, speed the heart, and possibly lead to coma or death.
Lobelia cardinalis . .
Lobelia cardinalis .
Lobelia cardinalis, the cardinal flower , bears tall spikes of red flowers in late summer.
Lobelia contains an alkaloid known as lobeline, which thins mucus, breaks up congestion.
Lobelia contains lobeline which is chemically similar to nicotine, useful for stopping smoking.
Lobelia contains lobeline, which is similar to nicotine.
Lobelia contains over a dozen alkaloids, one of the strongest bio-chemicals found in plants.
Lobelia dunnii var.
Lobelia grows best in partial shade and needs winter protection.
Lobelia grows throughout North America.
Lobelia has antispasmodic and expectorant actions and is excellent for clearing the lungs.
Lobelia helps soothe spasms associated with the bronchial area.
Lobelia is a powerful relaxant without harmful effects.
Lobelia is a 'smart' balancing herb.
Lobelia is a strong muscle relaxant.
Lobelia is a tall, reed-like plant that grows throughout North America.
Lobelia is an anti-asthmatic expectorant and respiratory stimulant.
Lobelia is an herb that is found in many natural anti smoking and asthma remedies.
Lobelia is an herb that, when sipped slowly, relaxes the nerves and tends to stop the spasm.
Lobelia is applicable when the cervix is full, thick, and rigid.
Lobelia is classified as nervine.
Lobelia is offered as part of our single herb line and as a liquid essence.
Lobelia is one of the most important antispasmodics.
Lobelia is prized for window boxes, hanging baskets, planters, and ground covers.
Lobelia is quite hardy, and thrives in our summer heat.
Lobelia is the most powerful diffusive stimulant known in medicine.
Lobelia is the plant from which the drug lobeline was isolated.
Lobelia is very susceptible.
Lobelia is visited by hummingbirds, butterflies and bees.
Lobelia requires long-day conditions to initiate flower buds.
Lobelia seems to affect the nervous system.
Lobelia stops labored breathing and quickly expels all foreign matter from the lungs.
Lobelia syphilitica Blue or white.
Lobelia Take two capsules after three meals each day.
Lobelias are delightful plants in many area .
Lobelias are delightful plants in many area.
Lobelias are herbs.
Lobelias are plants.
Lobelia frequently causes nausea and vomiting when the amount used is too high.
A loblolly is gruel
Loblollies thrive in our sandy soil and hot, humid summers.
Lobot enthusiasm brings people to ether from all over the world.
Lobster fishermen say they have found as many dead crabs as lobsters in their traps.
Lobster fishermen throw back lobsters that are too small and lobsters that are too big.
Lobster fishing is a huge draw for divers in the area.
Lobster fishing is an adventure that can be shared whit the local fishermen.
Lobster fishing is another industry.
Lobster fishing is big business in Maine.
Lobster fishing is the only type of fishing carried on there today.
A lobster is a shellfish
Lobster isa decapod.
Lobsters abound in the pristine waters of Pleasant Bay as do many other varieties of shellfish.
Lobsters also eat mussels , clams, and a small amount of plant matter.
Lobsters also have a bow and a string.
Lobsters also occur, as do sponges and sea anemones.
Lobsters also use some obvious visual displays in agonistic encounters.
Lobsters appear in the art or folklore of many cultures.
Lobsters are a low-fat source of high quality protein.
Lobsters are able to best detect sounds within the range of frequencies they produce.
Lobsters are able to detach and discard legs or claws by a process called autotonomy.
Lobsters are actually a large cray fish.
Lobsters are actually more like an insect in their make-up than they are a fish.
Lobsters are also capable of producing and detecting low-frequency sounds.
Lobsters are also good models for studies on aggression.
Lobsters are also scavengers.
Lobsters are also subject to handedness.
Lobsters are an economically important type of seafood .
Lobsters are an economically important type of seafood.
Lobsters are animals that have a tough shell and live on the ocean floor.
Lobsters are available at varying sizes priced according to the market.
Lobsters are available right on the stone pier where the ferry docks.
Lobsters are available year-round.
Lobsters are bottom-dwellers.
Lobsters are cannibalistic.
Lobsters are cannibals.
Lobsters are considered marine crustaceans along with shrimp, krill, and barnacles.
Lobsters are crustaceans that dwell at the bottom of the ocean.
Lobsters are crustaceans, as are crabs and shrimp.
Lobsters are crustaceans, which means they have a hard shell and numerous legs.
Lobsters are crustaceans.
Lobsters are distantly related to insects, which is why they can be affected by the larvicide.
Lobsters are food.
Lobsters are found in all oceans.
Lobsters are generally inactive by day.
Lobsters are good any time.
Lobsters are hardy and easy to care for.
Lobsters are high in calcium, phosphorous, iron and zinc.
Lobsters are intertidal, so they can survive quite a while out of the water.
Lobsters are invertebrates .
Lobsters are invertebrates with a hard protective exoskeleton .
Lobsters are invertebrates, animals without a backbone.
Lobsters are invertebrates.
Lobsters are known as lobsters.
Lobsters are located in oceans.
Lobsters are located in sea.
Lobsters are located in shores.
Lobsters are located in water.
Lobsters are located on reefs.
Lobsters are long-lived animals.
Lobsters are marine crustaceans.
Lobsters are marine invertebrates , the group of animals without a notochord .
Lobsters are migratory and they settle in the deep waters outside the bay for the winter.
Lobsters are more plentiful than ever in Maine.
Lobsters are most meaty just before they cast their shells and during the following month or two.
Lobsters are no exception and are provided with a rich variety of chemosensory structures.
Lobsters are normally omnivores eating fish, small custaeceans, molluscs and plant matter.
Lobsters are olfactory predators.
Lobsters are plentiful here and lobster pounds dot the coastline.
Lobsters are scavengers.
Lobsters are sea animals, meaning they live in the sea.
Lobsters are segmented through the arthropoda family.
Lobsters are sensitive to chemicals and have been known to vacate areas that have become polluted.
Lobsters are shellfishs.
Lobsters are slow growing and it takes five to six years for a female to reach maturity.
Lobsters are slow-growing creatures.
Lobsters are social.
Lobsters are solitary, aggressive crustations with few predators .
Lobsters are ten-legged crustaceans closely related to shrimp and crabs.
Lobsters are the original pea brains.
Lobsters are very sensitive to insecticides.
Lobsters belong to a group called crustacean.
Lobsters breathe through gills, which are located in a structure called the carapace.
Lobsters bury eggs.
Lobsters can be cannibals.
Lobsters can easily walk into the kitchen, grab a bit of bait, and leave.
Lobsters can live a long time.
Lobsters can only mate after the female molts.
Lobsters can only survive out of water for approximately one to two days.
Lobsters can regenerate legs, claws, and antennae.
Lobsters can swim forward and backward.
Lobsters capture prey.
Lobsters capture small prey.
Lobsters carry claws.
Lobsters come from oceans.
Lobsters come from sea.
Lobsters come from water.
Lobsters come in just about every color but red.
Lobsters come in many colors, except for the white ones, they all turn red when they are cooked.
Lobsters continue to grow their entire lives, but at a slower rate.
Lobsters continue to grow throughout their lives.
Lobsters crawl rather than swim.
Lobsters depend on food.
Lobsters detect movement.
Lobsters dig burrows.
Lobsters do feel pain when boiled alive.
Lobsters eat food.
Lobsters eat many variety of plankton.
Lobsters eat mostly live prey .
Lobsters eat mostly live prey.
Lobsters eat sea urchin as a mainstay of their diet.
Lobsters enter phases.
Lobsters escape predators.
Lobsters excrete their wastes like most aquatic arthropods do.
Lobsters experience growth.
Lobsters feed on snails, clams, mussels, dead fish, and other organisms.
Lobsters feel pain.
Lobsters find food.
Lobsters generally hide during the day and hunt nocturnally.
Lobsters give birth to lobsters.
Lobsters grab lathes of bottom and brick cages slowing removal.
Lobsters grab meshes of bottom and brick cages slowing removal.
Lobsters grow all their lives .
Lobsters grow by molting, or by shedding their shells each year.
Lobsters grow by molting, or shedding their shells each year.
Lobsters grow by molting, or shedding their shells.
Lobsters grow by molting, when they shed their shell and grow a new one.
Lobsters grow by molting.
Lobsters grow by moulting their shell twice a year.
Lobsters grow by shedding their old shells, revealing a softer shell underneath.
Lobsters grow in length by shedding their hard exoskeleton, a process known as moulting.
Lobsters grow in size only when they discard their shell.
Lobsters grow to length.
Lobsters has-part claws.
Lobsters has-part eyes.
Lobsters has-part guts.
Lobsters has-part legs.
Lobsters have (part) brains.
Lobsters have (part) carapaces.
Lobsters have (part) cell membranes.
Lobsters have (part) cells.
Lobsters have (part) corpi.
Lobsters have (part) cytoplasm.
Lobsters have (part) ears.
Lobsters have (part) faces.
Lobsters have (part) heads.
Lobsters have (part) nuclei.
Lobsters have (part) pincers.
Lobsters have (part) plasma membranes.
Lobsters have (part) sections.
Lobsters have (part) shells.
Lobsters have (part) skulls.
Lobsters have (part) thoraxes.
Lobsters have (part) vacuoles.
Lobsters have a cephalothorax which is the place where their head connects to the thorax .
Lobsters have a cephalothorax which is the place where their head connects to the thorax.
Lobsters have a unique lifestyle.
Lobsters have an interesting and rather hazardous life cycle.
Lobsters have black compound eyes on long stalks.
Lobsters have blue blood, have yellow blood.
Lobsters have blue blood.
Lobsters have claw legs.
Lobsters have claws.
Lobsters have compound eyes that are carried on movable eye stalks.
Lobsters have compound eyes.
Lobsters have eight walking legs and two legs bearing claws.
Lobsters have enemies.
Lobsters have eyes on stalks and long antennae, and are mainly nocturnal.
Lobsters have fascinate life.
Lobsters have large claws.
Lobsters have legs.
Lobsters have life.
Lobsters have mandibles.
Lobsters have many enemies.
Lobsters have meaty claws.
Lobsters have nothing more than a primitive central nervous system.
Lobsters have numerous natural predators in the wild, from large fish to other lobsters, to mammals.
Lobsters have poor eyesight, but have highly developed senses of smell and taste.
Lobsters have powerful claws.
Lobsters have ranges.
Lobsters have shells.
Lobsters have strong mandibles.
Lobsters have tails.
Lobsters have teeth in their stomachs.
Lobsters have three distinctive life stages with separate ecologies and behaviors.
Lobsters have three pairs of antennae, the largest of which is used for tactile sensing.
Lobsters have two eyes located at the base of the antennas.
Lobsters hide in seaweed.
Lobsters hide in the edges of grass banks and forage at night.
Lobsters inhabit deep water.
Lobsters inhabit habitats.
Lobsters inhabit reefs.
Lobsters inhabit water.
Lobsters kick ass.
Lobsters like to eat a variety of fresh plants and animals like clams, sea urchins, and starfish.
Lobsters live between the shore and the edge of the continental shelf .
Lobsters live between the shore and the edge of the continental shelf.
Lobsters live for about fifteen years.
Lobsters live from Maine.
Lobsters live in all the oceans of the world.
Lobsters live in deep water in the fall and return to shallower depths in the spring.
Lobsters live in oceans.
Lobsters live in sea.
Lobsters live in the cracks and crevices of the arches.
Lobsters live in the murk and mud at the bottom of the ocean.
Lobsters live in water.
Lobsters live on coasts.
Lobsters live on the Atlantic and Pacific coast.
Lobsters live on the ocean floor, where they feed on snails, clams, mussels, and other marine life.
Lobsters live only in salt water.
Lobsters lose consciousness within seconds of contact with steam or hot water.
Lobsters love food.
Lobsters love icy cold waters.
Lobsters love water.
Lobsters make a high-pitched sound when they are boiled.
Lobsters moult more often and grow more rapidly when in warm water.
Lobsters move claws.
Lobsters move in and move out.
Lobsters move legs.
Lobsters normally live in the water.
Lobsters originate from decapods.
Lobsters overcook very quickly.
Lobsters pee out of their faces.
Lobsters play a key role in the seals' natural diet, the environmental groups argue.
Lobsters play in oceans.
Lobsters possess blood.
Lobsters possess bodies.
Lobsters possess cells.
Lobsters possess neurons.
Lobsters possess pincers.
Lobsters prefer a habitat where they can find shelter.
Lobsters prefer dark hiding places along the seafloor.
Lobsters prefer live food.
Lobsters prefer rocky bottoms covered with algae.
Lobsters provide food.
Lobsters reach maturity.
Lobsters reach sexual maturity.
Lobsters reproduce by laying lobster eggs.
Lobsters require habitats.
Lobsters require water.
Lobsters return to shallow water.
Lobsters return to water.
Lobsters see their world mosaic-style, through compound eyes.
Lobsters seek food.
Lobsters seem to be satisfied with either rocky nooks or mud holes.
Lobsters shed the body and head first.
Lobsters shed their shells, or molt.
Lobsters show growth.
Lobsters show indeterminate growth.
Lobsters show up out here.
Lobsters sink to bottoms.
Lobsters sleep if placed on their backs.
Lobsters smell food or bait by using the four small antennae located on the front of it's head.
Lobsters spin webs.
Lobsters stay at the entrance of their shelters, claws out so they can defend themselves.
Lobsters stick claws through wooden lathes.
Lobsters swallow food.
Lobsters swim in oceans.
Lobsters swim in sea.
Lobsters swim in tanks.
Lobsters turn bright red when they cook, and so do people when the sun's rays burn their skin.
Lobsters use attenae to feel where they're going.
Lobsters use gills to breathe.
Lobsters use their antennae to feel where they are .
Lobsters use their antennae to feel where they are.
Lobsters use their larger claw for crushing and their smaller claw for ripping.
Lobsters use their three pairs of antennas as sensors.
Lobsters venture out of their holes to forage for food among the rays.
Lobsters wave from a bubbling tank with claws fettered by blue rubber bands.
Lobsters often are.
Lobsters often eat dead fish and other animal material that they find on the bottom of the ocean.
Lobsters often fight with other lobsters for territory.
Lobsters often lose and regenerate claws.
Lobsters usually feed on bottom dwellers like clams, snails, and crabs.
Lobsters usually hunt for food at night.
Lobsters usually move around and hunt for food at night.
Lobsters usually move slowly by walking on the bottom of the sea floor .
Lobsters usually move slowly by walking on the bottom of the sea floor.
Lobsters usually rely on their tough clad of armor for protection.
All lobsters become red when they are cooked, except albino lobsters.
Many lobsters sold commercially are killed and frozen before cooking.
Most lobsters are known as lobsters.
Most lobsters are located in sea.
Most lobsters are located in shores.
Most lobsters are located in water.
Most lobsters are located on reefs.
Most lobsters bury eggs.
Most lobsters capture prey.
Most lobsters capture small prey.
Most lobsters carry claws.
Most lobsters come from oceans.
Most lobsters come from sea.
Most lobsters come from water.
Most lobsters depend on food.
Most lobsters detect movement.
Most lobsters dig burrows.
Most lobsters eat food.
Most lobsters enter phases.
Most lobsters escape predators.
Most lobsters feel pain.
Most lobsters find food.
Most lobsters give birth to lobsters.
Most lobsters grow to length.
Most lobsters has-part claws.
Most lobsters has-part eyes.
Most lobsters has-part guts.
Most lobsters has-part legs.
Most lobsters have claw legs.
Most lobsters have claws.
Most lobsters have enemies.
Most lobsters have large claws.
Most lobsters have legs.
Most lobsters have life.
Most lobsters have mandibles.
Most lobsters have many enemies.
Most lobsters have meaty claws.
Most lobsters have powerful claws.
Most lobsters have ranges.
Most lobsters have shells.
Most lobsters have strong mandibles.
Most lobsters have tails.
Most lobsters hide in seaweed.
Most lobsters inhabit deep water.
Most lobsters inhabit habitats.
Most lobsters inhabit reefs.
Most lobsters inhabit water.
Most lobsters live in oceans.
Most lobsters live in sea.
Most lobsters live in water.
Most lobsters live on coasts.
Most lobsters love food.
Most lobsters love water.
Most lobsters move claws.
Most lobsters move legs.
Most lobsters originate from decapods.
Most lobsters play in oceans.
Most lobsters possess blood.
Most lobsters possess bodies.
Most lobsters possess cells.
Most lobsters possess neurons.
Most lobsters possess pincers.
Most lobsters prefer to live by themselves, and are known to be aggressive and territorial.
Most lobsters provide food.
Most lobsters reach maturity.
Most lobsters reach sexual maturity.
Most lobsters require habitats.
Most lobsters require water.
Most lobsters return to shallow water.
Most lobsters return to water.
Most lobsters seek food.
Most lobsters show growth.
Most lobsters show indeterminate growth.
Most lobsters sink to bottoms.
Most lobsters swim in oceans.
Most lobsters swim in sea.
Most lobsters swim in tanks.
Some lobsters are ambidextrous, they usually favor the claw that is the largest.
Some lobsters are located on beaches.
Some lobsters attain years.
Some lobsters avoid predators.
Some lobsters become bottom dwellers.
Some lobsters become dwellers.
Some lobsters become predators.
Some lobsters catch in water.
Some lobsters come from farms.
Some lobsters come from habitats.
Some lobsters come from Maine.
Some lobsters come in two colors, having half of their shell one color and the other half another.
Some lobsters contain cholesterol.
Some lobsters crawl into traps to eat and then escape afterwards.
Some lobsters eat lobsters.
Some lobsters eat snails.
Some lobsters have choices.
Some lobsters have gills.
Some lobsters hide in habitats.
Some lobsters hide in rocky habitats.
Some lobsters infect with pathogenic viruses.
Some lobsters infect with viruses.
Some lobsters lack claws.
Some lobsters lack large claws.
Some lobsters live in aquaria.
Some lobsters live in holes.
Some lobsters live in zones.
Some lobsters live on reefs.
Some lobsters offer advantage.
Some lobsters offer several advantage.
Some lobsters play in water.
Some lobsters provide meat.
Some lobsters pump water.
Some lobsters receive attention.
Some lobsters receive little attention.
Some lobsters remain in shelter.
Some lobsters search for places.
Some lobsters shed shells.
Some lobsters show preference.
Some lobsters sit in tanks.
Some lobsters take up residences.
Some lobsters weigh lbs.
Some lobsters weigh pounds.
A lobsterman is a skilled worker
Lobstermans are skilled workers.
Lobstermen are very close-mouthed about how much they make.
Lobstermen can haul up hundreds of pounds of lobsters in a day.
Lobstermen can identify their traps by the colors painted on the floating devices called buoys.
Lobstermen can keep all the lobsters they catch.
Lobstermen can make individual decisions about each lobster and throw back each reject alive.
Lobstermen periodically collect their stranded gear from beaches and shore line.
Lobstermen pull their traps by attaching a hook to the rope of the buoy and pulling it up by hand.
Lobstermen report seeing lobsters spontaneously drop a claw for no apparent reason.
Lobstermen use herring as bait in their traps.
Lobstermen use individual colors and numbers to mark their buoys.
Lobstermen often find herring eggs attached to their lobster traps.
Many lobstermen have a different view.
Many lobstermen say the recent arrest has cast a pall over the industry.
Many lobstermen take their traps out for the winter.
Most lobstermen view their trade as comprising a select group.
Some lobstermen bait their pots with artificial bait cakes.
Lobular cancer is more likely to appear in both breasts.
Lobular cancer occurs in the milk-producing lobules.
Lobular carcinoma involves both breasts more frequently than other histologic types.
Lobular carcinoma is another type, which begins in the lobules where breast milk is produced.
Lobular carcinomas are very unusual, because lobules are normally absent from the male breast.
Lobular carcinomas originate in the small sacs in the breast that produce milk.
Lobular emphysema is present, giving sub-pleural blebs and bullae.
Lobular inflammation is minimal other than an occasional neutrophil and a rare focal necrosis.
A lobule is a lobe
Lobules are living lobes which grow on the edges of the thallus of foliose lichens.
Lobules are lobes.
Lobules are milk-producing glands.
Lobules are the functional units of the liver.
Lobules are the glands of women's breasts that can produce milk.
Lobules consist of groups of acini forming grape-like structures.
Lobules contain sinuses filled with blood.
Lobules now seem more comparable to the kind of thing seen in the salivary gland.
Local absorption relaxes smooth muscle, resulting in rapid arterial inflow and penile rigidity.
Local abundance varies greatly with appropriate habitat, usually open terrain.
Local abundance varies year to year.
Local access is faster than non-local access.
Local access is provided to several databases without charge.
Local access is used if the host name in the URL is the local host and no port is specified.
Local access lets users inside a network share files.
Local access offers high speed access at considerable savings.
Local accommodation are readily available within walking distance or a short taxi ride.
Local accommodations are available.
Local accommodations are pretty basic.
Local accommodations offer special incentives to golfers.
Local accommodations range from guest houses to full service jungle lodges.
Local accounts allow people to log onto user s computers and access the files on the hard drive.
Local accounts are available for students and visiting alumni.
Local accountability insures the quality of the product.
Local accountability is as important as state accountability.
Local accountability requires local understanding.
Local accuracy is derived from an adjustment with existing control being weighted.
Local action is best.
Local action is global action, local actions are no other than global action.
Local action is often heavily dependent on the state climate.
Local action relies on the activity of creative individuals.
Local activists are in an uproar.
Local activists can start using it by either entering a zip code or clicking on a map.
Local activists demand removal, collecting signatures as well as staging protests.
Local activists fall into the same trap.
Local activists give a larger number.
Local activists remember that meeting as a watershed moment.
Local activists say the story is important and deserves close attention.
Local activities are arranges by associations of psychology students.
Local activities are ballooning, llama trekking and more.
Local activities are the responsibility of the local parties.
Local activities can pace the transition impact based on their local situation.
Local activities provide the roots, or local foundations, of globalization.
Local activities vary depending on the needs and circumstances of the local community.
Local activity is likely to be even more feverish once that information is released.
Local activity revolves around the cooler early morning and late afternoon.
Local actors entertain adult audiences with dramatic readings from literature.
Local actors make literature come alive with dramatic short story readings.
Local actors present dramatic readings from literature.
Local adaptation depends primarily on the balance between selection and migration.
Local adaptation is a general phenomenon found in most host-parasite relationships.
Local adaptation is important in evolutionary processes and speciation.
Local adaptation is the property of a group of populations in a given set of environments.
Local additions are in red.
Local address is used for financial aid disbursements.
Local addresses are valid for the academic year.
Local administrations play an important role in the progress of democracy.
Local administrators go to great lengths to insure proper planning and zoning occur.
Local administrators understand local needs, local connectivity.
Local adoption is permitted, but no prospective parents come forward.
Local adoption is required before energy provisions can be enforced.
Local adventurers know where to locate action.
Local advertisers continue to express hesitancy about advertising on-line.
Local advertisers have a new vehicle and the opportunity to spend more ad dollars.
Local advertising can bring quantity orders from considerable distances.
Local advertising is also very important.
Local advertising is done by the individual franchisee.
Local advertising takes advantage of the printed as well as the audio-visual media.
Local advice is advisable.
Local advice is needed.
Local advice is vital on contract issues.
Local advisors function to enhance and expedite accident investigation and reporting.
Local advocacy is now a major issue in Arizona.
Local affairs are under the control of the local chapter.
Local affiliates are organized to better the lives of people affected by biological brain disorders.
Local affiliates are the first level of involvement for a member.
Local affiliates provide services such as counseling, community education and support groups.
Local affiliates refuse to help pay the freight.
Local affiliates Send volunteers to work on-site.
All local affiliates have education initiatives or support activities for academic achievement.
Local aficionados compare the recent installment to the inaugural series of last summer.
Local agencies are a good place to start.
Local agencies are often available to assist victims of domestic violence free of charge.
Local agencies are welcome to help.
Local agencies can apply for the federal funding.
Local agencies can operate a nonpricing breakfast program and a regular pricing lunch program.
Local agencies can post their monthly statistics directly to the state police-run site.
Local agencies can post their vacancies via their nearest volunteer bureau.
Local agencies can waive income requirements and copays under federal regulations.
Local agencies give informational talks and the board officers are elected.
Local agencies have the discretion to design their prevention program to meet local circumstances.
Local agencies hope that generates more publicity.
Local agencies host many meetings on a variety of subjects.
Local agencies make plans in case of emergency declaration.
Local agencies offer special financing options as well.
Local agencies operate many application offices across the state.
Local agencies operating the program provide free home weatherization to anyone who qualifies.
Local agencies promote the program through posters, brochures, and community agencies.
Local agencies provide appropriate services in our community.
Local agencies provide officers and additional resources.
Local agencies publicize the program.
Local agencies receive most of their federal funds via the state.
Local agencies requesting a contract for the first time are subject to additional considerations.
Local agencies understand what's going on.
Local agency reporting anonymity is assured through procedural and technical safeguards.
Many local agencies have opportunities for volunteers.
Many local agencies hold fundraisers for various causes.
Many local agencies offer investment information and help at little or no cost.
Many local agencies provide residential and commercial listings.
Many local agencies provide such services.
Many local agencies receive financial and volunteer support from our parish.
Most local agencies are county or city government offices.
Most local agencies offer affiliation and some offer scholarships.
Some local agencies recognize problems.
Some local agencies recognize serious problems.
Some local agencies require annual permit renewals.
Local agent handle the normal local file system operations.
Local agents are often unfamiliar with the necessary procedures.
Local agents arrange trips with guides into mountains for day.
Local agents can be a critically important factor in shepherding bids through the tender process.
Local agents know the neighborhoods and can hear of things before they are listed.
Many local agents say that word of mouth is one of the best ways to find a good agent.
Many local agribusinesses participate by hosting the students at their business location for a day.
Local agriculture comprises manioc, maize, rice and banana.
Local agriculture is diversified.
Local agriculture sees new value in Santa Rosa's effluent.
Local aid is available in the form of performance, athletic, and academic scholarships.
Local airlines fly into Gustavus, Alaska.
Local airlines offer inter-island flights.
Local airlines offer spectacular flightseeing trips over nearby Glacier Bay.
Local airport can accommodate private jets.
Local airport has four daily flights to Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Local airports are Redding, California and Medford, Oregon.
Local airports are still largely unusable.
Local airports offer a wide variety of scheduled public flights as well as charter facilities.
Local airports serve only private and charter flights.
Most local airports have flying schools.
Local albacore is known to have soft texture and flaky appearance with off white color.
Local alliances help steel builders.
Local alternatives exist in the form of rock sand produced by stone crushing plants.
Local amenities are excellent.
Local amenities includes sports centre, shops and school.
Local amenities play a big part.
All local amenities are within walking distance of the property and include shops and school.
Local anaesthesia has the advantage of a possible dynamic investigation.
Local anaesthesia is anaesthesia
Local anaesthesia is infiltrated on and around the vein.
Local anaesthesia is used.
A local anaesthetic is a drug
Local anaesthetic is administered at the site.
Local anaesthetic is injected into the skin over the area where the spinal needle in inserted.
Local anaesthetic is injected into the skin over the area where the spinal needle is inserted.
Local anaesthetic is injected, to numb the area.
Local anaesthetic is introduced through the catheter into the pleural space.
Local anaesthetic is sometimes helpful.
Local anaesthetic is used.
Local anaesthetics are anaesthetics.
Local anaesthetics can exert a direct effect both on the heart and the peripheral blood vessels.
Local anaesthetics inhibit recptors coupled to phosphoinositide signaling in Xenopus oocytes.
Some local anaesthetic is put into the skin which stings a little at first.
Some local anaesthetics cause allergic reactions.
Local analgesia is only effective for a few hours.
Local analyses are probably best for assessing small-scale asphericity.
Local analysis determines basic blocks and their sequencing, local dataflow, loops.
Local analyst agree that e-commerce is the next wave in retail.
Local analysts agree that provocateurs are operating.
Some local analysts believe Nepal's problems are simply teething troubles.
Local anecdotes are instructive when balanced or placed in context by the author.
Local anesthesia avoids some of the risks and side effects of general anesthesia.
Local anesthesia causes a loss of sensation in the anesthetized area.
Local anesthesia consists of two small injections, one behind the ear and one in the lower eyelid.
Local anesthesia is administered at the biopsy site.
Local anesthesia is administered at the site of the test.
Local anesthesia is administered by injection or application directly to the eye.
Local anesthesia is also lower in cost.
Local anesthesia is an option for adults.
Local anesthesia is anaesthesia
Local anesthesia is anesthesia.
Local anesthesia is available when appropriate.
Local anesthesia is common.
Local anesthesia is considered safer than general anesthesia.
Local anesthesia is fine.
Local anesthesia is infiltrated into the area of surgery after intravenous sedation is administered.
Local anesthesia is injected in the eyebrow area.
Local anesthesia is injected into the muscle of the chest wall.
Local anesthesia is lidocaine injected into the cervix for a numbing effect.
Local anesthesia is much safer than general anesthesia.
Local anesthesia is necessary.
Local anesthesia is placed at the sacral cornu.
Local anesthesia is required, and patient discomfort is usually moderate.
Local anesthesia is safer and less expensive than general or spinal anesthesia.
Local anesthesia is safer than local anesthesia with sedation.
Local anesthesia is similar, but often applies to the numbing of a smaller area.
Local anesthesia is the most common form of anesthesia used for abortion procedures.
Local anesthesia is to numb only the surgical area.
Local anesthesia is used before the frame is secured in place.
Local anesthesia is used for both procedures.
Local anesthesia is used for the procedure.
Local anesthesia is used in both the procedures.
Local anesthesia is used to minimize discomfort.
Local anesthesia is used to mitigate pain from needle access to the femoral artery.
Local anesthesia is used to numb the toe, and the ingrown portion of the nail is removed.
Local anesthesia is used when suturing cuts or performing dental work.
Local anesthesia is used, and there is a small risk of excessive bleeding.
Local anesthesia is used, and, as a result, there is no pain during the procedure.
Local anesthesia is used, usually supplemented with intravenous sedation or general anesthesia.
Local anesthesia is usually better.
Local anesthesia means that the person is awake during surgery.
Local anesthesia minimizes the potential for complications.
Local anesthesia numbs just the area where the surgery is taking place.
Local anesthesia numbs only the affected areas.
Local anesthesia numbs the chest area and the incision is small.
Local anesthesia offers several advantages.
Local anesthesia produces a loss of sensation to a small specific area of the body.
Local anesthesia provides numbness to a small area limited to where local anesthetic is injected.
Local anesthesia provides numbness to a small area.
All local anesthesia is administered with gentle care and minimal discomfort.
More local anesthesia is placed for incision and a drill is used to make a hole in the skull.
Most local anesthesia is given by injection under the skin.
Local anesthetic is a drug
Local anesthetic is a drug, and all drugs have side effects.
Local anesthetic is administered to skin between the rectum and base of the scrotum.
Local anesthetic is anesthetic.
Local anesthetic is dripped through the catheter and numbs the nerve roots as they enter the spine.
Local anesthetic is injected at the catheter insertion sites.
Local anesthetic is injected in kidney area.
Local anesthetic is injected into skin overlying the spleen then into deeper tissues.
Local anesthetic is injected into the skin of the chest close to where pocketed fluid is located.
Local anesthetic is injected into the skin over the area to be biopsied.
Local anesthetic is injected to lower the pain and stress in newborns.
Local anesthetic is injected.
Local anesthetic is most usual.
Local anesthetic is used to numb the area over the blood vessels.
Local anesthetic is used to numb the area, then the mole is biopsied.
Local anesthetic is used.
Local anesthetics appear to cross the placenta by passive diffusion.
Local anesthetics are drugs that block nerve conduction in the region where they are applied.
Local anesthetics are effective for severe pain.
Local anesthetics are OK, and so are many antibiotics and pain medications.
Local anesthetics block an area.
Local anesthetics block nerve impulses.
Local anesthetics block pain by inhibiting the formation of action potentials.
Local anesthetics cause loss of feeling in a part of the body.
Local anesthetics have a dose-dependent negative inotropic effect.
Local anesthetics have vasodilating properties, which increase the possibility of overdose.
Local anesthetics help severe pain.
Local anesthetics produce vasodilation by blocking sympathetic nerves.
Local anesthetics require the least precise placement but cause muscle necrosis.
Local anesthetics work by blocking impulse conduction along nerves.
Local anesthetics work by partitioning into the membrane and binding to sodium channel proteins.
Local anesthetics work by stabilizing the cell membrane and preventing depolarization.
Local angles are accurate along the central meridian.
Local angles are accurate throughout because of conformity.
Local angles are correct along standard parallels or standard lines.
Local anglers are always on hand to provide the visitor with expert advice and assistance.
Local anglers are generally pleased with the current tailwater fishery.
Local anglers are more likely to take fish home to eat.
Local anglers call it the summer fishing doldrums.
Local anglers favor salmon eggs for coho.
Local anglers head to Mexico's 'Marlin Alley' for the catch of a lifetime.
Most local anglers use one of two free public launches in the area.
Some local anglers say the rest of the river continues to fish very well after the siltation.
Local animals prepare for sleep or act confused during totality.
Local announcers watch the feed on a monitor and call the action.
Local apartments are available to residents at a state rate.
Local apartments are available.
Local applicants applying for candidature ONLY can apply at any time.
Local applicants receive by post or collection at our service counters.
Local applicants respond to local ads, but people from anywhere respond to Internet ads.
Local applications are ineffective.
Local applications are useless.
Local applications describe the locally established standards.
Local applications require a local program to run and report back to the server.
Local appointments increase accountability, commitment and communication.
Local appraisal determines the specific personnel requirements of a range organization.
Local approaches work best.
Local approval is required.
Local approval makes lending decisions quick and easy.
Local approximation is based on nearest neighbour techniques.
Local architect is a factor to consider.
Local architects take inspiration from makeshift footstretcher tools.
Local architecture bears the signature of the pioneers who settled here over a hundred years ago.
Local architecture is just a quaint backdrop.
Local archives are in the works.
Local area call for appointment.
Local area guides for dining out, sightseeing and accommodations.
Local area has large deposits of coal, lignite, oil, sand, clay.
Local areas apply for the federal dollars prior to their fiscal year.
Local areas can themselves petition the state for designation.
Local areas consist primarily of adjacent marine hardbottoms.
Local areas determine which additional pieces of information to collect, and how to collect it.
Many local areas depend upon the services of volunteer firefighters.
Many local areas have their own historical societies.
Some local area knowledge a plus.
Some local areas have additional sales taxes.
Some local areas have property tax calculators online.
Local arrangements are available.
Local arrangements are pending.
Local art graces the walls, as well as a gigantic mural over the front windows.
Local art is also on display on the walls with prices, much like a gallery.
Local art is always on display in the lobby and organized exhibitions take place from time to time.
Local art is auctioned in wide range of tastes, all professional.
Local art is displayed in the walls and provides a unique and interesting setting.
Local art is displayed, and available for sale.
Local arts are active and alive.
Local artefacts make decorative souvenirs of the folk art of the region.
Local artefacts range from the tusk of a woolly mammoth to machinery used to manufacture gloves.
Local artisans abound and exhibit their products at a half-dozen craft fairs every year.
Local artisans are famous for their colorful tapestries.
Local artisans display and sell their crafts, and there's always plenty of food on hand.
Local artisans display and sell their work.
Local artisans display their crafts in a variety of galleries and other locations.
Local artisans display their wares, from handmade jewelry and crafts to pottery and fresh flowers.
Local artisans feature a variety of crafts.
Local artisans offer up a variety of unique gifts, often agriculturally thematic.
Local artisans provide an ever-changing selection of paintings, pottery, jewelry, baskets and more.
Local artisans sell arts and crafts in a small area across from the town square.
Local artisans sell handicrafts from their homes and workshops and in small general stores.
Many local artisans specialize in leatherwork.
Local artist entretain the people on occasion of nalwari fair.
Local artist explains techniques and demonstrates process.
Local artist saves one of Nebraska's oldest buildings.
Local artists are the primary source of our images.
Local artists capture the colors of Portland, from overcast to charcoal.
Local artists choose one winner from each class.
Local artists chosen by classroom teachers provide art instruction during an eight week residency.
Local artists contribute many of the awards.
Local artists create all the wonderful lamps and lighting accessories sold here.
Local artists create handmade dinnerware and table displays styled by local interior designers.
Local artists create toys for children.
Local artists design chairs and other unique items to be auctioned.
Local artists display and sell oil paintings, pottery, and handcrafted jewelry.
Local artists display and sell original and limited pieces of art.
Local artists display and sell their arts and crafts and local musicians perform daily.
Local artists display and sell their works adding to the enjoyment of guests.
Local artists display art in both locations.
Local artists display handcrafted gift items.
Local artists display handcrafted wares.
Local artists display their work at frequent art shows and festivals.
Local artists display their work at our annual art show.
Local artists display their work here.
Local artists display their works.
Local artists draw their own version of whatever they feel is important.
Local artists exhibit their work.
Local artists exhibit their works in several excellent galleries.
Local artists explore the special bond.
Local artists expose their arts, crafts and paintings.
Local artists facilitate the forums by presenting their work.
Local artists make many items.
Local artists offer their wares for sale outside of the museum.
Local artists offer their works in several gallery shops.
Local artists open their studios to the public.
Local artists paint at their easels in the middle of the mayhem.
Local artists pay tribute to the school of painting by number.
Local artists perch at their easels, painting away in the middle of the bustling room.
Local artists perform musical concerts and display their art in a commercial warehouse.
Local artists portray their wares here.
Local artists present a different exhibit each month.
Local artists provide entertainment.
Local artists read poems written by the four activists and sang songs.
Local artists say the museum's efforts are intellectually liberating.
Local artists show and sell wall displays, ceramics, jewelry and pottery.
Local artists showcase talents in annual event.
Local artists showcase their wares at a number of the wineries.
Local artists showing in three galleries provide a variety of talents.
Local artists works on continual display, Our restaurant serves national and international food.
Many local artists have their work shown in nearby Boone, only five miles away.
Some local artists make subjects.
Local artwork adorns the walls and changes frequently.
Local artwork is interesting.
Local artwork rotates on a regular basis.
Local assemblies govern opstini.
Local assemblies meet about once a week.
Local assessments are underway.
Local assessors determine the fair market value of immovable property.
Local assessors perform assessment in the respective tax districts.
Local assessors receive a copy of real estate transfer tax returns.
Local assessors use three basic methods to determine a property's worth.
Local assets are total assets less investment in other cooperatives.
Local assets are total assets less investments in other cooperatives.
Local assistance is available.
Local assistance is provided by numerous Fairbanks businesses and agencies.
Local associations are also a good source of information.
Local associations are responsible for organizing their groups.
Local associations can decide on competitive structures for league play.
Local associations have many organized activities to participate in.
Local associations have the authority to decide on their own ordination policies.
Local associations issue carnets to their residents.
Local associations offer a wide range of leisure-time activities both for children and adults.
Local associations pay transportation costs to Kansas City.
Many local astronomers say they have a regular rainy-day ritual.
Local athletes hope to qualify for state meets.
Local athletes make a showing.
Local athletes practice and compete in sports ranging from sailing to judo.
Local attacks are either deliberate or the result of employee error.
Local attendance includes all the community who works in mexican universities only.
Local attitude can be negative, but it can also have a very positive influence.
Local attitudes are the effective stimuli for haptic curvature discrimination.
Local attorney addresses legal questions.
Local attorneys assist in developing the case.
Local attorneys deliver gifts and cookies to disadvantaged children of the Greater Pittsburgh area.
Local attractions abound.
Local attractions including Etruscan and Roman remains and the Natural Park.
All local attractions are within walking distance.
Many local attractions are just a short drive away.
Many local attractions are nearby.
Most local attractions are within easy walking distance of each other.
Local attributes are specific to individual blocks.
Local auctions lend themselves best to bulkier and often more valuable items.
Local audiences are very happy to see their acquaintances perform.
Local authentication takes place against the locally defined user file.
Local author tries to prove that the moon landing never happened.
Local authors discuss their book.
Local authors meet monthly at the Cultural Center Meeting Room to share their work.
Local authors read from selected works.
Local authors turn new page on self-publishing.
Many local authors offer up several good fiction and non-fiction titles.
Local authorities administer pension schemes to provide benefits for employees.
Local authorities apply for it with the names and numbers of children involved.
Local authorities are accountable for services that they provide.
Local authorities are accountable to their electorate.
Local authorities are also more helpful.
Local authorities are an important example of bodies that have delegated powers.
Local authorities are answerable to their electorates through three-yearly general elections.
Local authorities are coordinationg the provision of food and medical supplies.
Local authorities are exempt.
Local authorities are fairly autonomous with regard to budgets.
Local authorities are free to set their own tax rate, called the tax levy percentage.
Local authorities are in charge of the supervision of building and granting of building permits.
Local authorities are on the scene conducting an investigation.
Local authorities are primarily concerned with the illegal transportation of drugs through Jordan.
Local authorities are responsible for chasing up students cutting classes.
Local authorities are responsible for detailed transport planning at a local level.
Local authorities are responsible for enforcement at other points in the supply chain.
Local authorities are responsible for handling complaints against their employees.
Local authorities are responsible for improving housing standards within their own areas.
Local authorities are responsible for providing adequate housing for disadvantaged groups.
Local authorities are responsible for providing education.
Local authorities are responsible for routine cleaning of all authorized bathing beaches in Israel.
Local authorities are responsible for spatial planning.
Local authorities are skint for money, they really are.
Local authorities are the key service provider in many deprived and excluded communities.
Local authorities are the lead agency for the process for developing the plans.
Local authorities are the main providers of funding for development.
Local authorities are then responsible for evacuating residents.
Local authorities are to be given the power to check vehicle emissions at roadside.
Local authorities are to have their powers to defer payment of business rates extended.
Local authorities are unwilling to challenge the companies in court due to the expense involved.
Local authorities are very dear to the heart of Scottish people.
Local authorities ask for huge sums of money before recordings can be done.
Local authorities believe the dog was used as an animal sacrifice at a party.
Local authorities can also introduce registration schemes for HMOs.
Local authorities can charge for services and are increasingly doing so because of budget cutbacks.
Local authorities can help bridge that gap.
Local authorities can implement certain source control programs at the local level.
Local authorities can negotiate service agreements for their customers.
Local authorities can offer a free site and help with publicity and administration.
Local authorities can offer specific incentives.
Local authorities can often provide help in the form of grants, premises, advice or loans.
Local authorities can prepare their structure plan.
Local authorities can, and do, achieve a great deal on behalf of their communities.
Local authorities carry out a huge variety of functions.
Local authorities charge rents related to the income of the household.
Local authorities consist of politicians and staff.
Local authorities differ in size and some receive far more planning applications than others.
Local authorities do the same in relation to housing benefit and council tax benefit.
Local authorities establish speed limits and traffic laws based on the conditions.
Local authorities exert great influence over local credit allocation.
Local authorities expect the death toll to rise as the search for victims goes on.
Local authorities fear they'll catch fire.
Local authorities have a crucial role in enforcing laws governing the sale of food.
Local authorities have a direct impact on the environment.
Local authorities have a duty to seek to improve the quality of education and raise standards.
Local authorities have a key role to play in delivering cleaner air.
Local authorities have a key role to play in the transition to more sustainable ways of living.
Local authorities have a range of duties and powers with regard to the historic environment.
Local authorities have a range of powers to provide assistance.
Local authorities have a record of achievement of which they can justifiably be proud.
Local authorities have a responsibility to protect agricultural land through planning schemes.
Local authorities have a wide range of powers to secure accommodation for homeless people.
Local authorities have an independent budget.
Local authorities have considerable experience in negotiating, tendering and contracting.
Local authorities have considerable experience of consulting on transport schemes.
Local authorities have discretion to issue passes for whatever period they consider appropriate.
Local authorities have freedom of action.
Local authorities have limited capacity to carry out food distributions to flood-affected farmers.
Local authorities have now to approve business and investment projects.
Local authorities have powers to seize noise-making equipment.
Local authorities have separate responsibilities for dealing with flooding emergencies.
Local authorities have the authority to regulate the speed in public parks and alleys.
Local authorities have the power to grant number of licenses and draw up taximeter areas.
Local authorities have the power to inspect all rented premises.
Local authorities have their own emergency plans and carry out drills.
Local authorities have to remain democratic, accountable and effective.
Local authorities have various duties in relation to the welfare of minors.
Local authorities leave way clear by granting planning permission for construction of incinerator .
Local authorities levy various taxes and hidden charges on the companies.
Local authorities maintain our cities on a daily basis .
Local authorities means the Pakistani government.
Local authorities offer a range of services through their social services departments.
Local authorities offer grants to tenants for purchases of homes in the private market.
Local authorities ought to manage traffic incidents more effectively.
Local authorities pay a serious attention to an opportune picking of cotton.
Local authorities play a part through the promotion of healthy neighbourhoods.
Local authorities play an important and diverse role.
Local authorities pride themselves on having kept the city relatively cosmopolitan despite the war.
Local authorities produce a variety of publicity material.
Local authorities provide a wide range of services and information to local communities.
Local authorities provide the bulk of public services in education, health care and social services.
Local authorities raise money by levying rates and through state and federal grants.
Local authorities refuse to allow returns to minority areas.
Local authorities regulate amusement arcades and fun fairs.
Local authorities report no injuries.
Local authorities report the ice is becoming unstable.
Local authorities require dog owners to properly dispose of faecal deposits.
Local authorities require the presence of a translator if neither party speaks Italian.
Local authorities retain the bulk of control over erosion and sedimentation control problems.
Local authorities retain the power to officially close land and footpaths wherever a risk is posed.
Local authorities say goose numbers have increased, although no specific count is available.
Local authorities say that the attack was the work of bandits.
Local authorities say the journalists acted irresponsibly.
Local authorities struggle to juggle numerous centrally derived and mandated policies.
Local authorities suspect smuggling rings that operate in Turkey.
Local authorities think they are ghosts.
Local authorities try to keep track of the clubs but are understaffed and overwhelmed.
Local authorities undertake some wheelclamping, and they have a right to do that.
Local authorities undertake the social control of estates alongside the police.
Local authorities vary in size and number of personnel.
Local authorities view such mountain crossings as illegal.
Local authorities work to national agreements.
Local authority has activities.
Local authority has duties.
Local authority is agencies.
Local authority is an office
Local authority makes decisions.
Every local authority has an administration that serves the local council and the committees.
Every local authority is different.
Many local authorities have by-laws which target drinking in public.
Many local authorities have initiatives targeted at young people and schools.
Many local authorities have travel 'awareness' campaigns, often with quite limited resources.
Many local authorities have very few inhabitants and consequently small libraries.
Many local authorities take advantage of our very competitive prices for diffusion tubes.
Most local authorities appear to be in serious financial debt.
Most local authorities are resistant.
Most local authorities believe that the bombing was done by some one from outside the county.
Most local authorities creating local information systems choose Web publishing.
Most local authorities creating local informatrion systems choose Web publishing.
Most local authorities give priority to older people who have limited income and assets.
Most local authorities have accommodation designed specifically for older people.
Most local authorities recognise both for grading purposes.
Most local authority has activities.
Most local authority has duties.
Most local authority makes decisions.
Some local authorities adhere to nationally agreed scales.
Some local authorities are able to accept equipment for passing on to local community groups.
Some local authorities depend on polluting enterprises for revenue.
Some local authorities do have rules concerning the flash frequency of strobe lighting.
Some local authorities experience more difficulties than others.
Some local authorities fund very low levels of deferred entry pre-school places.
Some local authorities have almost no labourers left on their permanent payroll.
Some local authorities have large numbers of 'other' staff while others have small numbers.
Some local authorities have regular news sheets or take space in local newspapers.
Some local authorities have welfare officers.
Some local authorities offer a lower building permit rate for P-marked houses.
Local autonomy exists only as an appearance.
Local autonomy exists.
Local autonomy has to be founded on a much firmer institutional basis.
Local autonomy is a strong underlying factor in library governance and finance.
Local averages are usually of two kinds.
Local awards are to be presented at an appropriate occasion or ceremony within that community.
Local awards are usually a one time amount for the freshman year.
Local baboons eat scorpions by deftly biting off the stinger and chewing the rest.
Local background is subtracted and flux and magnitude are calculated.
Local bakers offer tips on seasonal dishes.
Local bakers present gingerbread houses representing well known structures around Chapel Hill.
Local bakers supply other yeast and specialty items.
Local bakeries abound and the smell of fresh baked pasties tempt all who pass.
Local bans are under consideration in the councils of New York City and Chicago.
Local bands are a great way for college students to listen to live music.
Local bands are in the groove.
Local bands battle it out for bragging rights.
Local bands can bring their CD into the station and have it played on the air in the same afternoon.
Local bands compete to celebrate creativity of youth.
Local bands complain they have no place to play.
Local bands entertain the crowds while organizations man booths.
Local bands get a percentage of the door.
Local bands perform classic rock music.
Local bands perform free concerts.
Local bands perform from the store on High street.
Local bands perform weekly.
Local bands play a variety of music nightly.
Local bands play an assortment of styles here.
Local bands play Hawaiian music nightly.
Local bands play in the pavilion throughout the afternoon.
Local bands play regularly.
Local bands play religious music and marching schoolchildren form a special part of the procession.
Local bands playing European and African music perform at nightclubs.
Local bands playing original rock have virtually no place to play in the area.
Local bands take part in a cover up.
Local bank provides personal and commercial banking services to residents in Burlington, Iowa.
Local banks are also involved.
Local banks are edgy.
Local banks are fairly conservative in their lending policies.
Local banks are high in deposits, but have no customers to lend to.
Local banks are in support of the project as well as individual investors.
Local banks are now in foreign hands.
Local banks are probably next.
Local banks are ready to assist qualified projects.
Local banks are worried about keeping customers.
Local banks can help.
Local banks continue to resist consolidation.
Local banks fall short.
Local banks Going on an overseas posting can be an exciting, fulfilling experience.
Local banks have branches in most cities.
Local banks have excellent reputations and foreign correspondent relationships.
Local banks hold most of the government debt.
Local banks invest in foreign stock markets to absorb excess liquidity.
Local banks keep a limited amount of foreign currency in their smaller branches.
Local banks lend money to poor people in communities in the South.
Local banks lending to local businesses help create jobs.
Local banks open a clearinghouse in Frankfurt, Germany, for transfers and settlements in euros.
Local banks provide financing at a reduced rate and extended terms to make car payments affordable.
Local banks provide hats, towels, pens, pencils, etc.
Local banks provide low interest financing.
Local banks provide the necessary support for new or relocating businesses.
All local banks have phone banking services.
Many local banks are eager to provide funding for already established, successful businesses.
Many local banks portfolio some home loans for their better customers.
Most local banks accept current real estate tax payments during collection periods.
Some local banks provide educational trust and scholarship programs.
Local bankers agree that they hold several strong cards for business lending.
Local bankers eat here, as do police and town hall staff.
Local bankers point to such statements in justifying the surcharge.
Local bars offer dancing, comedy, pool, darts, as well as a chance to meet new people.
Local baseball is superb, too, and there seem to be as many teams as there are banks.
Local BBSs can rebuild communities and create a new sense of purposeful belonging.
Local beaches are a five minute drive away.
Local beaches are a rich source of whiting in summer.
Local beaches are sand covered with outdoor furniture and shade umbrellas.
Local beekeepers collect swarms to put into their unused hives.
Local beer is fine as is tea and coffee practically everywhere.
Local beer remains exception to the high food prices, with bottles at less than a dollar.
Local beers are pilsner-type lagers and, on the whole, rather weak.
Local beers are very good.
Local beneficiaries are at the same time collaborators, facilitators and implementors.
Local bike hire.
Local bikes are OK for some touring.
Local bills are what get folks re-elected.
Local billboards denounce it.
Local bindings provide a solution.
Local bindings survive from one activation to another.
Local biodiversity is enhanced through the re-introduction of Indigenous plants and trees.
Local biologists discuss areas of their expertise and work.
Local biologists supervise the various projects.
Local birds nest there including mockingbirds, cardinals, and many more.
Local birders recommend the south end of the park.
Local blooms can still occur in sheltered bays.
Local boards are now just meddlers in the system.
Local boards are responsible for defining the sixth youth eligibility criterion.
Local boards are responsible for the exact approach and content of such course.
Local boards are the charter-granting entities.
Local boards are to instruct each school in their district to do the same.
Local boards can and do charge their own fees for certain local board services.
Local boards can contain guidelines, team's mission statements, member s names etc.
Local boards determine whether to allow the conversion of existing public schools.
Local boards have a say about who the administrators are, . . . . . .
Local boards have no involvement on the amount given to each school or how it can be spent.
Local boards hire a superintendent to administer their schools and guide operations.
Local boards initiate contacts with likely prospects.
Local boards participate, too, by raising money for local housing groups.
Local boards resist change.
Local boards retain full authority.
Most local boards have no formal rules of practice or procedure regarding evidence.
Local boat dives on demand.
Local boat dives, coastal charters, seasonal beach kayak rentals.
Local boats are available for excursions.
Local boaters blast down at a much faster pace.
Some local boaters complain about the noise and speed of the big race boats.
Local bodies are the bedrock of democracy.
Local booksellers vow to stock books despite indictments.
Some local booksellers admit to taking some satisfaction in the plummeting sales of Internet books.
Local bookstores are also most likely to have a few copies on hand.
Local bookstores are too often mere stationery stores disguised.
Local bookstores can also order e-books in a paperback version for patrons.
Local bookstores carry a number of useful books on unix.
Local bookstores contain literally dozens of books on the subject.
Local bookstores like to be able to demonstrate that there is demand for a book.
Local bookstores offer a wealth of information on parenting skills.
All local bookstores have access to the system.
Many local bookstores feature window displays of historically banned books.
Some local bookstores carry a selection of books on astronomy and telescopes.
Some local bookstores sell international magazines and newspapers.
Local boy makes good.
Local boy seeks quirky moms who cook .
Local boys make it good as five teams drop out due to injuries, illness or fatigue.
Local boys practice catching birds so they can develop the skills to capture larger birds.
Local boys race their homemade, finely finished sailing yachts round the bay.
Local boys sell drinks on the beach.
Local branches are autonomous.
Local branches can ask their headquarters to take action.
Local branches exist in the most important Brazilian states.
Local branches have good video collections that can be borrowed.
Local branches have Internet access with varying policies.
Local branches serve members in their local communities or local geographic areas.
Many local branches provide free or very low cost counselling.
Local brands are available at retail stores for very reasonable prices.
Local brands are cheap, but imports can be expensive.
Local brands offer significant advantages in sizing and price.
Local brandy is sharp and fiery.
Local bread is environmentally cheaper.
Local breeds are often good choices if both meat and eggs are needed.
Local breeders are also a great place for information.
Many local breeders begin their second nesting attempts.
Local breeding is in progress on the plains of Yemen .
Local broadcasts are available as described above.
Local broadcasters share their memories.
Local broadcasting can take place.
Local broadcasting is an absolutely essential element of public service broadcasting.
Local brokers are available.
Local budget is a new phenomenon for Georgia.
Local buffers exist at each application server to minimize database accesses.
Local buggies have gray vinyl tops, headlights and flashing tail lights.
Local builders tender bi-annually.
Local burial is available in all municipalities in Kosovo.
Local bus are terms often used.
Local bus is two min away down steep hill.
Local bus stops across the street.
Local bus stops daily for shuttle to slopes.
Local buses are available on completion of the walk. .
Local buses are available on completion of the walk.
Local buses are cheap, fast , fairly safe. and often busy.
Local buses are for the adventurous only.
Local buses are good cheap transportation and taxis are fairly inexpensive.
Local buses are hard work too.
Local buses are inexpensive but very crowded.
Local buses are slow, cheap and crowded.
Local buses are still slower.
Local buses are very inexpensive and a great way to meet the locals.
Local buses circulate throughout the city by the thousands.
Local buses dominate the public transport system.
Local buses operate between the local villages.
Local buses operate in all other major towns.
Local buses run from Banjul to the villages.
Local buses run from the city to surrounding areas.
Local buses run in Luanda.
Local buses serve almost all populated areas of Zimbabwe.
Local buses serve many towns and villages throughout the area.
Local buses stop at the gate.
Local buses stop frequently to pick up or let out passengers.
Local buses travel to Jacksonville and Medford regularly.
Local busses stop regularly at the hospital.
Local business can help by providing jobs during re-habilitation.
Local business hold monthly evening mixers.
Local business includes agricultural-related industries.
Local business is so brisk the desert IHOPs are among the Top Ten in Southern California.
Local business is valuable and worth supporting.
Local business needs local customers in order to survive.
Local business prepares to repair lighthouse.
Local business provides professional and financial services.
Local business seeks dedicated, professional, productive employees for full-time office employment.
Local business wants their local customers.
Local businesses abound for the next several miles.
Local businesses abound.
Local businesses are almost exclusively small and service-oriented.
Local businesses are generally very student friendly.
Local businesses are happy to receive their membership plaque.
Local businesses are interested in seeing areas improved, and in tax deductions.
Local businesses are teaching kids how to read and write, spell, do math.
Local businesses are the backbone of most communities.
Local businesses are the source of income of the newspapers and radios.
Local businesses are usually interested in being appointed agents or distributors for foreign firms.
Local businesses are very important.
Local businesses are very supportive of community events.
Local businesses are vital to the survival of our local economy.
Local businesses are welcome to be added to the directory at any time.
Local businesses assume no responsibility for student liability.
Local businesses benefit from local events.
Local businesses benefit from our productive workforce.
Local businesses benefit from police and fire protection, roads, and garbage pickup.
Local businesses benefit from the tournament when so many people come to town.
Local businesses can also be project partners.
Local businesses can also benefit from the program.
Local businesses can also contribute.
Local businesses can also distribute written materials.
Local businesses can also have a link to their web site added for a small fee.
Local businesses can also play a valuable role.
Local businesses can arrange to have plates delivered.
Local businesses can be good targets for support for locally focussed events.
Local businesses can donate the paint removal and painting supplies.
Local businesses can have as big an impact as national companies.
Local businesses can help advertise the event.
Local businesses can provide funds for medals, ribbons and trophies.
Local businesses can provide funds.
Local businesses can provide services to the new businesses and developers can renovate buildings.
Local businesses can purchase low-level mercury fluorescent bulbs more . . .
Local businesses can sponsor the drive or donate raffle prizes to the most generous donor.
Local businesses disappear as franchises spring up everywhere.
Local businesses donate coupons for free items.
Local businesses donate equipment to help in the cleanup effort.
Local businesses donate food that no longer meets government standards.
Local businesses donate prizes which are awarded to the owners of the winning ducks.
Local businesses donate prizes, sponsor holes and provide lunch for the players after the round.
Local businesses donate the bags and whatever else is needed to make clean-up day a success.
Local businesses donate the computers on which the teachers are working.
Local businesses donate water heaters and weekend lunches to construction teams.
Local businesses expect a lot of activity during the event.
Local businesses feel the effects.
Local businesses gather to treat local ghosts and goblins.
Local businesses give several million dollars a year in scholarships for our children.
Local businesses have a responsibility to the community in which they operate.
Local businesses have maps and supplies.
Local businesses have the faith.
Local businesses help subsidize it all.
Local businesses help with the blood drive by donating items for a drawing.
Local businesses host biweekly adoption days.
Local businesses know the dollar value of events that attract large crowds.
Local businesses learn by customers getting ticked and telling all their friends.
Local businesses like to be involved especially when it affects the kids in their community.
Local businesses make their pitch to students.
Local businesses offer discounts for students earning a place on the school's honor roll.
Local businesses offer discounts to members.
Local businesses offer horseback riding and pack trips.
Local businesses offer many services and locally made arts and crafts.
Local businesses offer part-time and summer jobs.
Local businesses offer part-time employment.
Local businesses offer prizes for students of character and their parents.
Local businesses offer rentals and transportation services.
Local businesses offering storage do come to campus to offer services.
Local businesses operate bus tours through the park and scenic boat trips.
Local businesses pay a fee to list job openings.
Local businesses provide an authentic context in which students can learn and use business English.
Local businesses provide competition to each other and also challenge corporate giants.
Local businesses provide guest speakers to share information on real-world business practices.
Local businesses provide prizes and enter into the reconciliation theme.
Local businesses provide resources, mentoring and shadowing experiences.
Local businesses provide some sponsorship for team shirts and equipment.
Local businesses provide support by sponsoring pages in the newspaper.
Local businesses provide support for the school, financially and otherwise.
Local businesses provides services to Mount McKinley climbers.
Local businesses receive more than their fair share of customers.
Local businesses reflect the area's diversity.
Local businesses rely quite heavily on graduates from a wealth of local educational institutions.
Local businesses rent canoes, scooters, dune buggys and kayaks.
Local businesses respond well to requests for in-kind donations.
Local businesses say the strike is beginning to touch just about everyone.
Local businesses search for ways to reduce waste disposal costs.
Local businesses share success stories about waste reduction.
Local businesses sponsor a barbeque and street dance celebrating the arrival of the wagon train.
Local businesses sponsor many of the racers.
Local businesses sponsor the program in each community.
Local businesses suffer and, bit by bit, the tightknit fabric of community begins to fray.
Local businesses suffer from burglaries, shoplifting and thefts from their premises.
Local businesses suffer from loss of customers and employees as a direct result of gang vandalism.
Local businesses support school programs with resources and their time.
Local businesses support schools.
Local businesses support the effort by providing morning refreshments.
Local businesses support the effort with food, boats, and other donations.
Local businesses support the event in exchange for advertising.
Local businesses supporting the local community is the theme.
Local businesses take on the big chains.
Local businesses use the office as a research and development resource.
Any local business is eligible to apply for a working capital loan for economic injury.
Many local businesses are nearby.
Many local businesses are open and traffic is normal.
Many local businesses are supportive in making contributions of supplies and professional expertise.
Many local businesses contact the school on a regular basis with available jobs.
Many local businesses continue to provide a wide variety of goods and services to the residents.
Many local businesses contribute to the fair's support.
Many local businesses donate items for special events throughout the year.
Many local businesses enjoy profitable season, but some report buying slowdown.
Many local businesses have foundations set up.
Many local businesses hire youth.
Many local businesses lack working capital.
Many local businesses make requests for part-time employees.
Many local businesses offer discounts or similar inducements to missionaries.
Many local businesses offer services in more than one language.
Many local businesses sell non-resident licenses, live bait, and tackle.
Many local businesses use the tournament as a way to meet potential business partners.
Most local businesses CAN benefit from targeted search engine placement.
Most local businesses place little emphasis on sales service and customer support.
Most local businesses use e-mail regularly in communication with customers and suppliers.
Some local business performs deliveries.
Some local businesses object to the flyers.
Some local businesses provide in-kind donations of food, gloves, or bags.
Local businessman offers representation and to distribute any services and goods in Bulgaria.
Local businessmen are very much interested in all kind of Italian exhibitions.
Local businessmen organize to police themselves and avoid consumer lawsuits.
Local businesspeople lack knowledge about, and exposure to, franchising.
Local butchers claim trace-ability of their beef and therefore no problems for their customers.
Local butchers have good local meat.
Local bylaws provide for the action.
Local cabins are also available with electricity.
Every local cache has a set maximal thread capacity.
Local cadres resist losing privileges, and nonparty members often experience discrimination.
A local call is a call
Local call is really a collection of compilation strategies.
Local call is the cheapest.
Local calls are also free.
Local calls are billable.
Local calls are calls.
Local calls are cheap and national and international ones expensive.
Local calls are complimentary and voice messaging is available for all guests.
Local calls are complimentary.
Local calls are free .
Local calls are free and one can use a credit card for long distance.
Local calls are free and telephones can be programmed for long distance calling.
Local calls are free and there is cable TV in each of the rooms.
Local calls are free and there is no surcharge on toll or credit card calls.
Local calls are free from private phones.
Local calls are free from the apartment, and international calls are much cheaper than at any hotel.
Local calls are free from the phones in dorm rooms.
Local calls are free of charge to students.
Local calls are free of charge.
Local calls are free to our guests.
Local calls are free when calling from a residence.
Local calls are free, and fax and Internet services are available.
Local calls are free, and international calls to most countries can be dialled direct.
Local calls are free, and long distance calls are billed to the caller at a reduced rate.
Local calls are free, and modem lines are available in guest rooms for hookup.
Local calls are free, complimentary airport transfers for weekly stay, other amenities.
Local calls are free, long distance requires a credit or calling card, or call collect.
Local calls are free, use of a credit card is required for all long distance calls.
Local calls are free.
Local Calls are Free.
Local calls are unlimited with no extra cost to the student.
Local calls cost just pennies per minute.
Local calls cost money despite the common belief to the contrary.
Local calls cost nothing.
Local calls go through as usual.
Local calls represent about a third of the typical residential customer's total bill.
Local calls require only the remaining digits.
Local calls work out at about a dollar an hour at weekends.
All local calls are free of charge.
All local calls are free.
All local calls are no charge.
Some local calls are subject to tolls.
Many local campaigns are in jeopardy.
Some local campaigns raise awareness.
Local campers provide their own transportation to the site.
Local campsites are available and no camping permits are required.
Local candidates are another matter.
Local candidates are critical to our long-term strategy for success.
Local candidates are preferred.
Local candidates are thankful for every contribution, no matter how small.
Local capital plays a significant role in the financial future of business in the community.
Local captains operate a fleet of tour boats for charter and sightseeing cruises.
Local caregivers avail any time.
Local carpenters supervise and teach the Amizade volunteers on every part of the project.
Local carriers lose.
Local carvers are also famous for using beautiful local woods to carve warrior masks and busts.
Local casinos draw their revenues primarily from the immediate area in which they are located.
Local casinos have slot machines, blackjack tables, keno, bingo and more.
Local categories restrict the propagation of articles to the region or institution.
Local caterers give traditional picnic fare a gourmet twist .
Local cattlemen come here for the comfortable, pub-like atmosphere.
Local causeways are perfect spots for swimming, windsurfing, jet-skiing and picnicking.
Local caves have world class cave formations.
Many local caves contain rich finds of bones of extinct animals.
Some local caves have aboriginal wall paintings.
Local celebrations await the torch's arrival.
Local celebrations have a German slant.
Local celebrities are on hand to present awards and amazing Chicago performers entertain.
Local celebrities give their opinions and predictions.
Local celebrities prepare tasty delights for sampling.
Local celebrities take small walk-on parts .
Local celebrities take small walk-on parts.
Local cemeteries are an excellent place to study human demography.
Local cemeteries are often useful in assisting with tracing family roots.
Local centers span digital divide - racial inequities.
Local centers sponsor various programs and projects that involve reading and books.
Some local centers offer more, some, because of limited resources, offer less.
Local certification is a necessity for long term organic marketing.
Local chambers have ample experience boosting development in their communities.
Many local chambers have their own sites on the internet too.
Many local chambers hold open houses or other events to showcase their programs to the public.
All local champions compete at the Sectional championships held in Austin.
Local changes are much larger than global changes, and generally uncorrelated with global change.
Local changes occur at the same frequency after each dose in the series.
Local changes stay local thereby reducing the brittleness of solutions.
Local channels are available through the college.
Local chapter has monthly meetings, tours and entertainment.
Local chapter organizes social events, lectures and symposia on an ad hoc basis.
Local chapter provides information, speakers, and outing opportunities.
Local chapter provides scholarships and mentoring for young women.
Local chapters are also more accessible to their local constituents and officials.
Local chapters are common throughout the United States.
Local chapters are focal points for specific inquiries.
Local chapters are now for networking.
Local chapters are perhaps the best avenue to pursue networking.
Local chapters are the real strength of the organization.
Local chapters are visible at county fairs statewide.
Local chapters assess an additional fee, also payable once.
Local chapters can create their own initiatives.
Local chapters can help.
Local chapters can provide technical information, networking, and socializing with peers.
Local chapters charge an additional membership fee to support their own operations.
Local chapters concentrate on conditions of specific prisons.
Local chapters create a community of common interests and a forum for professionals to communicate.
Local chapters depend on volunteer involvement and initiative for their level of programming.
Local chapters exist in many areas.
Local chapters exist in some areas, and formation of new chapters is encouraged.
Local chapters exist over most of the world.
Local chapters exist throughout the United States and internationally.
Local chapters form state organizations.
Local chapters go climbing and hold climbing-related events.
Local chapters have a single vote.
Local chapters have monthly campouts with dinner meetings in winter months.
Local chapters have periodic meetings - some have newsletters, websites and do some fund raising.
Local chapters have regular meetings.
Local chapters have school programs available.
Local chapters have support groups.
Local chapters hawk t-shirts during the symposium.
Local chapters help to coordinate the event.
Local chapters hold mortgages and select which applicants become partner families.
Local chapters hold patient programs, seminars and other special events.
Local chapters hold regular meetings providing support and information.
Local chapters make referrals to regional programs and services, and sponsor parent support groups.
Local chapters meet in many areas of the U.S. and Canada.
Local chapters meet informally to socialize, network, fellowship, and party.
Local chapters meet monthly to read and discuss member's poems.
Local chapters meet often to share ideas and solve common problems.
Local chapters meet periodically, and consist of four or more individuals.
Local chapters meet regularly for programming and networking.
Local chapters offer informational and community-service programs at their monthly meetings.
Local chapters offer social activities, and also schedule ski and outdoor adventure trips.
Local chapters operate autonomously, however.
Local chapters operate with the guidance of a chapter adviser.
Local chapters operate with the guidance of educators as advisers.
Local chapters organize events and undertake projects according to local activists' interests.
Local chapters plan their activities and some offer awards.
Local chapters present a variety of programs and activities for members.
Local chapters produce newsletters for members.
Local chapters provide free counseling and low cost seminars in their communities.
Local chapters provide free counseling and low cost workshops in their communities.
Local chapters provide free counseling and low or no-cost workshops in their communities.
Local chapters provide free counseling and low-cost workshops in each of their communities.
Local chapters provide free counseling and low-cost workshops in their communities.
Local chapters provide free counseling and low-cost workshops.
Local chapters provide free counselling and low-cost workshops in their communities.
Local chapters provide networking opportunities.
Local chapters raise funds for students in their areas.
Local chapters raise money through plant sales and poster and book sales.
Local chapters recognize their achievement.
Local chapters run support groups.
Local chapters serve as a great networking opportunity for gay and lesbian journalists.
Local chapters serve members living outside the three areas providing annual conferences.
Local chapters sponsor discussion groups, enrichment weekends, and children's groups.
Local chapters sponsor frequent outings to trail sites in their area.
Local chapters sponsor periodic seminars and support groups.
Local chapters sponsor regular meetings, playgroups, babysitting co-ops, and more.
Local chapters sponsor safety workshops during the year.
Local chapters sponsor support groups.
Local Chapters SSCS Chapters serve the needs of members at the local level.
Local chapters take turns hosting the annual meeting and show.
Local chapters work in the same manner, only on local issues.
Many local chapters exist.
Many local chapters have employment assistance programs.
Many local chapters meet regularly around the nation to serve the local needs of their membership.
Many local chapters organize sporting events for members and the community.
Many local chapters protest the militarization of schools.
Many local chapters sponsor informal book groups that welcome new members at any time.
Many local chapters work to demilitarize schools.
Some local chapters collect additional dues to use for chapter projects.
Some local chapters offer financial aid to African-American women.
Some local chapters schedule support groups based upon interest and needs.
Local charities apply for funds.
Local charities are popular choices.
Local charities are the ticket-takers on Sundays.
Local charities are the undisputed winners.
Local charities benefit.
Local charities contribute to children's causes.
Many local charities benefit from the profits.
Many local charities have tag sales in the spring, summer, and fall.
Many local charities take clothes, toys, and household goods all year.
Some local charities are about to start looking a whole lot better.
Local charters are available for pick-up or delivery to remote locations.
Local charters are the best Arizona schools.
Local cheese is a speciality.
Local cheese made of sheep and goat milk, and the wine produced by the islanders is excellent.
Local chefs demonstrate a wide variety of quick and easy recipes.
Local chefs know.
Local chefs prepare chocolate creations and donate packages for a silent auction.
Local chefs prepare tantalizing dishes using ingredients from the market.
Many local chefs are enthusiastic about the high quality of local agriculture.
Local chemists can diagnose and supply a wide selection of drugs.
Local cheque is applicable for local residents.
Local cherts tend to be preferred.
Local child curfews The Crime and Disorder Act.
Local children are adept at whipping stuff from under bugees and out of rear pannier side pockets.
Local children are always delighted to see the boat and wave endlessly.
Local children arrive, and are accepted as interested children.
Local children attend a school.
Local children enjoy drinking water as the results of a Matching Grant project.
Local children ride and frolic in the gentle waves.
Local children share their thoughts on popular books.
Local children show their support for wildlife.
Many local children take swimming lessons there.
Some local children attend as day campers.
Some local children show off their favorite play zones.
Local choirs flourish.
Local church conflicts over ownership of local church property are as old as the church.
Local church is also a possibility.
Local church seeks full-time secretary.
Local churches are a critical base for promoting the health and well-being of community members.
Local churches are a wonderful source of support.
Local churches are an important part of the fabric of our society.
Local churches are largely congregational with final conference approval of pastoral appointments.
Local churches are often a great source of finding people interested in simple living.
Local churches are on the frontlines of ministry.
Local churches are sodalities.
Local churches are the most fundamental and strategic points of evangelism and discipleship.
Local churches are the primary agents for church planting.
Local churches are to be led by men serving in the Biblical offices of pastor and deacons.
Local churches are to be listed in the Locality of the church.
Local churches are to work in a collective fashion.
Local churches bring their worship group and conduct a church service in a downtown park.
Local churches can begin their own effective Bible-training programs in their own buildings.
Local churches can plan ministries according to the team s spiritual gifts and strengths.
Local churches can stimulate such initiatives.
Local churches can support, serve as sites, provide volunteers, donated funds.
Local churches catch the vision.
Local churches conduct memorial services, and residents weep openly at the loss of their president.
Local churches control their own schedules, staff, finances, discipline and leadership.
Local churches desire a more direct, proactive role in global missions.
Local churches determine the services they're going to have.
Local churches elect their own officers and church boards by majority voting.
Local churches gain credibility simply by their association with the council.
Local churches have the authority to make their own decisions even in matters of faith.
Local churches help identify poor families willing to commit to the hard work of creating a village.
Local churches help with overseas projects as well.
Local churches know the needs of their communities better than any outsiders.
Local churches lack resources and assistance .
Local churches participate in the everyday life of people, their crises and their celebrations.
Local churches provide many opportunities for spiritual growth and service.
Local churches provide the most significant arena through which disciple-making occurs.
Local churches seem to be an exception, without any apparent rationale.
Local churches send members to help with treatment and discipleship workshops.
Local churches send missionaries.
Local churches send representatives to constituency meetings which elect conference leaders.
Local churches sponsor youth groups, basketball leagues, preschool, and other activities.
Local churches tell nativity story.
All local churches contribute nonperishable food items, baby supplies, toiletries, etc.
Every local church can be the Kingdom of God in miniature.
Every local church can do something to end violence.
Every local church is a part of the larger community in which it is located.
Every local church looks for some way to express Christian love in action.
Many local churches are curious about the worship experienced one hundred years ago.
Many local churches ask if they can send an adult with their delegates.
Many local churches offer financial assistance to campers.
Many local churches offer summer camps.
Most local churches are happy to welcome lunchtime visitors.
Most local churches have choirs.
Some local churches offer alternative education academies.
Some local churches provide transportation to and from their services.
Local circumstance is secondary.
Local citizens are bewildered and dismayed at the callused nature of our negotiating commissioners.
Local citizens are lined up and casually executed.
Local citizens are now more involved in voicing their own views of progress.
Local citizens are prepared to make sacrifices.
Local citizens are responsible for getting the sand to fill the bags.
Local citizens are skeptical of the story's accuracy.
Local citizens are still hesitant to share painful memories.
Local citizens donate books and magazines.
Local citizens dress in traditional robes and headress.
Local citizens enjoy hiking, skiing, and other outdoor sports.
Local citizens enjoy line dancing, art, and cooking classes in the large multipurpose room.
Local citizens plan, develop and evaluate programs.
Local citizens serve on advisory committees for each county program.
Local citizens visit to learn about native plant uses and soil and water conservation techniques.
Many local citizens compare the miraculous accident to the biblical miracle of manna .
Many local citizens depend on ground water for their drinking water.
Many local citizens mentor our at-promise students.
Many local citizens own some of the famous blankets.
Local cities administer the program and determine the order in which eligible homes are treated.
Local city directories containing names and addresses of residents by streets.
Most local cities stick strictly with informational newsletters.
Local classes are like local variables, specific to a block of code.
Local classes can access only final varaibles or parameters.
Local classes can only refer to final fields in the parent class.
Local classes can use variables from the enclosing scope only if they are final.
Local classes meet one evening per week.
Local classics redone in a fresh and elegant acoustic instrumental style.
Local classmates can bring the food, others can bring the drinks and chips.
Local clay is shaped by hand, then fired in open bonfires, usually made from waste farm produce.
Local cleanups are fun as well as functional, organized around barbecues, picnics, and even parades.
Local clergy can be people to consult and talk to.
Local clergy lead the retreats with local lay men and women providing music, food and entertainment.
Local clients are numerous and the overseas market, mainly Europe, is expanding rapidly.
Local clients demand local languages.
Local climate can normally be predictable.
Local climate is very changeable.
Local climates are changed by the presence of mountains, which are formed by plate tectonics.
Local climates vary as well.
Many local clinics offer spaying and neutering at very low cost.
Local club meets at the library.
Local clubs are in the best position to promote ham radio in their own community.
Local clubs are often a great place to get to know people and trade plants.
Local clubs are the ultimate sources for supplies, advice, things to do, shoulders to cry on, etc.
Local clubs are usually up to date on many litters that are available at any given time.
Local clubs choose projects and fundraisers to meet the needs of their schools and community.
Local clubs divide their energies among tasting, education, and social activities.
Local clubs divide their energies between tasting, education and social activities.
Local Clubs Find out where our local clubs are located throughout the nation and abroad.
Local clubs focus on meeting specific needs in their communities through volunteer service projects.
Local clubs help to promote integration on equal terms with able bodied people.
Local clubs host the walking events.
Local clubs obtain landowner permission for trails on private property.
Local clubs offer a variety of leadership opportunities.
Local clubs offer a wide variety of live blues, jazz, folk, and rock performances.
Local clubs organize family rides and offer training.
Local clubs sponsor the contest in local schools.
Local clubs use the money for eye exams, glasses and other sight conservation projects.
Many local clubs offer scholarships of their own and some Districts also offer scholarships.
Local coaches are downright giddy.
Local coaches are on the sidelines to make decisions.
Local coaches receive awards.
Some local coaches pick up from both the domestic and international airports in Brisbane as well.
Some local coaches pick up from both the Domestic and International airports in Brisbane as well.
Local coalitions are in place to support positive youth development for a diverse audience.
Local coalitions cease when funding stops.
Local coalitions operate on the principle of attraction rather than promotion.
Local coalitions play a critical role in disseminating organ donation materials.
Local codes allow providers quicker, more consistent pricing and payment for services.
Local codes can change several times each year.
Local codes describe medical services and goods.
Local codes determine actual circuit size.
Local codes determine the maximum number of nail-overs.
Local codes require certain distances from septic and sand mounds, property lines, etc.
Local codes vary, no two communities share the same code.
Many local codes require that lead plumbing be changed if a bath is remodeled.
Some local codes require attics to be ventilated.
Local coffee is excellent.
Local coffeehouses serve creativity with caffeine on open-mike nights.
Local collaborations can provide access to confocal microscopy.
Local collectors pay a premium for such silver.
Local collectors talk about their favorite local spots or treasure hunting.
Local college delivers customized skill-building programs.
Local colleges are also a source of good employees.
Local colleges can design and conduct surveys via phone or in schools.
Local colleges offering entrepreneurship classes often feature attorneys as guest speakers.
Many local colleges offer classes, and recruitment can be conducted from new graduates.
Most local colleges offer computer courses.
Some local colleges have large pools of student volunteers for community service.
Local colonisation is achieved by fission, and remote spread through transport on ships' hulls.
Local color adds to the atmosphere on the bayou's shady banks.
Local color is turn of the century.
Local color is vivid, and the movie, while rather plot-shy, brims with life.
Local columnists share their latest and their favorites.
Some local columnists know less about their subject than do their readers.
Local comedians take the stage to perform their stand-up.
Local commanders decide what to do under each condition.
Local commerce has distinctly agrarian roots.
Local commerce moves products efficiently via three local commercial trucking carriers.
Local commercials are a part of our everyday lives.
Local commissaries have more information on upcoming tours.
Local commitment is the key.
Local committees are responsible for all decisions regarding the follow up conferences. .
Local committees are responsible for all decisions regarding the follow up conferences.
Local committees determine winners of the scholarship for each district.
Local committees exist in many counties and in Baltimore City.
Local committees pursue good candidates to ensure that candidacy materials are submitted.
Local committees representing the project sites make all final artwork selection decisions.
Local committees supervise the municipalities.
Local community actions have cost.
Local communities are a mass of different communities.
Local communities are able to express their needs.
Local communities are an important source of people.
Local communities are ideally the most important elements in the regulation and enactment process.
Local communities are now much more involved in the story.
Local communities are often the most prudent ecosystem managers.
Local communities are slowly but surely erecting bilingual road signs.
Local communities are the most promising incubators for solutions to the problem of poverty.
Local communities benefit from youthful energy volunteered to help make others' lives better.
Local communities can also contribute to the assessment process.
Local communities can be more responsive to their citizens than the state legislature.
Local communities can benefit from road construction and logging related jobs.
Local communities can enable their citizens to work and learn on the Internet.
Local communities can have more stringent requirements.
Local communities can have use and occupancy rights and can be issued collective titles.
Local communities can invest in other industries, including indigenous fisheries in Lake Victoria.
Local communities can look after our own interests better than that.
Local communities can now make their own decisions that fit their needs.
Local communities can survive.
Local communities can t have it both ways.
Local communities can use computer simulation to plan and evaluate emergency preparedness programs.
Local communities can use regional frameworks during their planning processes.
Local communities can work together to improve their local environment.
Local communities come together to help in any way they can.
Local communities depend on the site for fish resources, farming and salt mining.
Local communities do have a right to clear and long term benefits from project construction.
Local communities do.
Local communities face political violence in run-up to local elections.
Local communities have a number of planning options to address community design issues.
Local communities have all sorts of social events during the summer.
Local communities have numerous knowledgeable, civic-minded resource people.
Local communities have responsibility.
Local communities have the power to make an enormous difference for the better.
Local communities have their fire departments and town councils.
Local communities know their own needs better and are committed to local developments.
Local communities know their own priorities.
Local communities know what works best to protect our families and our children.
Local communities levy local dollars and access funding to set up programs that reflect local needs.
Local communities make contributions, mostly in the form of labor and materials.
Local communities make decisions on services to be provided and set local priorities.
Local communities make the local law in order to stimulate local development and protective actions.
Local communities manage MAPs and other resources.
Local communities practice subsistence fishing.
Local communities provide contributions towards costs of courses and materials.
Local communities rely heavily on health care facilities as an essential element of the community.
Local communities rely heavily on the river.
Local communities rely heavily on the use of property taxes to fund education.
Local communities remain autonomous, but now are grouped into regional, national, and world levels.
Local communities serve as another primary audience and source of resources for schools.
Local communities suffer also because logging damages farming and fishing.
Local communities support the program and find it to be effective.
Local communities support the teachers, but even the most basic supplies, like pencils, go wanting.
Local communities support the visual arts and good design work.
Local communities use fruit.
Local community is defined as the area between Norfolk and Richmond.
Local community is the basic unit of human habitation.
Local community is the most important level for taking decisions and actions.
All local communities have adequate lodging, restaurants and fast-food facilities.
Any local community offers ample opportunity for networking.
Many local communities continue to be displaced without compensation.
Many local communities have some form of design review for all residential construction.
Many local communities have support groups who meet regularly for breastfeeding mothers.
Many local communities hold sports festivals on the day.
Many local communities host festivals or fairs to celebrate their primary industry.
Many local communities prohibit open burning of any kind.
Most local communities are too narrow-minded to support biodiversity conservation.
Most local communities have responsibility.
Most local communities have similar storm drain labeling programs.
Most local communities use fruit.
Some local communities offer unique programs.
Some local communities provide answers.
Local companies are also aggressive in completing projects within short, demanding time schedules.
Local companies are much more willing to give helpful information.
Local companies are usually cheapest.
Local companies boast low turnover rates without having to offer higher pay and benefits.
Local companies can generate computer graphics, slides, etc.
Local companies can target local area codes and national companies can cover the country.
Local companies charge long-distance carriers for using their lines.
Local companies compete with businesses in regions of the world where power is much cheaper.
Local companies export wood products all over the world.
Local companies have customers all across the globe.
Local companies have difficulty hiring experienced programmers.
Local companies have three years to comply.
Local companies host various nature walks and ecotourism adventures.
Local companies invest in the image they project by way of their customers' ears.
Local companies lend earthmoving and other equipment to visiting scientists.
Local companies offer kayak rentals, instruction and guided tours.
Local companies offer kayak rentals, instruction, and guided tours.
Local companies offers a number of horseback tours.
Local companies ought to be out in the world marketing their products and services.
Local companies provide a wide variety of business and personal goods and services.
Local companies provide adjunct study and job opportunities for our students.
Local companies pull out all the stops for autumn.
Local companies sponsor a variety of awards for achievement.
Local companies sponsor individual boats with financial pledges.
Local companies sponsor the boxes.
Local companies stay alert to security threats.
Local company needs mature people.
Local company needs over the road driver.
Local company unveils new technology that links online couponing to offline merchants.
Many local companies are widely engaged in world markets.
Many local companies compete with international suppliers.
Many local companies excel in innovations.
Many local companies offer bonuses to employees who help bring in new talent.
Many local companies offer fishing trips, which is one of the main activities along the coast.
Many local companies offer guided hiking, kayaking and outdoor trips.
Many local companies provide tuition reimbursement opportunities.
Many local companies rent kayaks and offer kayak outings.
Most local companies have certain movers who are very good packers.
Most local companies struggle with issues of space every time they mount a production.
Some local companies offer computer Internet access.
Some local companies provide tuition assistance to their employees.
Some local companies require written permission.
Some local companies say they have already protected computers with software or warned customers.
Local competition helps students develop confidence in their work.
Local competition holds the promise of lower rates and greater choice for consumers.
Local competition is non-existent.
Local competition is the fastest and most effective way for consumers to get broadband services.
Local competitions allow students to showcase their solutions to the challenge.
Local complications are still common.
Local compost is used in many areas and is made from household waste, dung and farm waste.
Local concentration rises to high level because drug is absorbed slowly.
Local concerns are fecal coliform, nutrient, and pesticide accumulations.
Local concerns are of prime importance.
Local concerns dominate the race.
Local concessionaire provides excellent service.
Local conditions affect the opportunities for faculty to build linkages.
Local conditions are key.
Local conditions can cause thunderheads and other cloud types to occur.
Local conditions can change dramatically between neighborhoods.
Local conditions can have a major impact on total system cost.
Local conditions can reduce the range.
Local conditions change a sub's acoustic signature.
Local conditions define uses of remote sensing.
Local conditions have a lot to do with their cycle.
Local conditions make all the difference.
Local conditions vary according to elevation, season and location.
Local conditions vary greatly, so only generalized control measures are given below.
Most local conferences are free of charge to residents.
Local conflicts break out from time to time.
Local conflicts caused by ethnic, religious, territorial or resources factors keep cropping up.
Local congregations are in a mission situation.
Local congregations are the physical manifestation of the universal body.
Local congregations hold informal devotional sessions.
Local congregations meet at places of worship called Kingdom Halls.
Local congregations welcome membership people from a diversity of religious backgrounds.
Every local congregation is a part of a purpose far bigger than itself.
Many local congregations have ministries geared specifically toward college students.
Many local congregations have specific policies about weddings.
Local connection continues on television.
Local connections are denser within gyri than across sulci.
Local connections are paramount.
Local connections make World Vision a strong global player.
Local conservation is the conservation of flux of a quantitity through a fixed box.
Local consultants are available for on-site training and support as needed.
Local consultations are underway.
Local consumers buy their dairy products based on quality.
Local contact can be available for study groups, smaller meetings and office follow-up calls.
Local contacts are critical.
Local Contacts Contains a list of some useful contacts for groups and services in the local area.
Local contacts have information on intensive retreats and other activites in their areas.
Local Contacts provide information about vegetarian resources in their area.
Local contamination is devastating to endangered cultures.
Local contamination is minimal as are regional-scale sources and sinks.
Local content is all the rage now.
Local content is any information that relates to life in the community.
Local content is important to attract eyeballs and improve the stickiness of sties.
Local content is key to attracting and retaining readers.
Local content is key to our business.
Local content is the key to the success of wireless technology.
Local context is the source of species or individual laws.
Local context shapes how and how often users access the Net.
Most local contracts have a primary and a secondary contractor.
Local contraction divide the colon into ovoid section called haustra.
Local contractors are to be employed to carry out the exercise.
Local contractors can bid upon the construction drawings.
Local contractors do the majority of the work with the landowners.
Local contractors employ carpenters.
Local contractors hire non-union masons.
Local contractors means a bonified resident business with resident employees.
Many local contractors say they're upset about being left out.
Most local contractors employ carpenters.
Some local contractors employ painters.
Local contrast is similar, but uses local area luminance.
Many local contributions come from grateful family and friends of clients.
Local contributors provide food in the form of lunches and WTU sponsored t-shirts.
Local control equals local support.
Local control gives citizens an active voice in policies affecting rates, service, and operations.
Local control gives everyone a say in how our utility can best meet community needs.
Local control has other limits, as well.
Local control helps ensure that the utility responds to community needs.
Local control is a clear advantage of a community-run site.
Local control is a concept that tends to generate extreme loyalty or, conversely, high anxiety.
Local control is a governing board that is responsible for everybody.
Local control is a hallmark of American education.
Local control is a monopoly.
Local control is a Vermont tradition that most people value highly.
Local control is accomplished by means of a front panel touch keypad.
Local control is always better than federal control.
Local control is an extremely expensive proposition.
Local control is an important tradition for New Hampshire towns.
Local control is better.
Local control is crucial to ensuring that children everywhere have the best public schools possible.
Local control is fine if local districts are implementing programs as they are supposed to.
Local control is gone.
Local control is good only if the local administrators want to allow parents to have a voice.
Local control is great, when someone is actually in control.
Local control is important and is perceived as providing a higher quality of servic e delivery.
Local control is important.
Local control is lost.
Local control is one of the goals of the charter.
Local control is performed manually through a key-pad and an LCD display located on the front panel.
Local control is rife with emotion and tends to opt for excess stock.
Local control is the best way to ensure that public policy reflects student and community needs.
Local control is the hallmark and strength of American education.
Local control is the primary endpoint of interest.
Local control is the strength of our current system.
Local control is the traditional way to run a cable operation.
Local control is undoubtedly part of the solution.
Local control makes the process incremental.
Local control means less risk of environmental damage and improves potential for social justice.
Local control means local discretion.
Local control means that they can develop the land.
Local control means the cancer is contained in the area where it originated.
Local control offers the best way to improve educational quality in America.
Local control opens the door to abuses which in years past resulted in segregation.
Local control requires that school boards be responsible for frugal management.
Local control works because voices are heard and feelings vented.
Local control works.
More local control helps government become more responsive to people's needs.
Local cooking is represented as take-away foods such as schwarma, kebab and samosas.
Local cooking is spicy, grilled and typically meaty, full of bold Mediterranean flavours.
Local coordinates are unique for each individual observer.
Local coordinators help get hosts and guests together.
Local coordinators match team volunteers.
Local cops are often the first line of defense.
Local cops can use radar only after special formalities to justify the limits they're enforcing.
Local cops investigate the supernatural.
Local cops say that as the immigrants become more desperate for money, they often turn to crime.
Local copies are also available.
Local copies are for educational use only.
Local copies are only of material released by originators for public viewing.
Local copy is here .
Local copy is here.
Local copy varies on reporter and assistant city editor who edits copy before sending to news desk.
Local corporations are a great resource of potential volunteers.
Local corporations are a great source of board members and volunteers.
Local corporations provide summer internships as well as permanent positions for students.
Local correspondents create newsletters tailored to meet their neighborhood's online interests.
Local costumes are still worn everywhere.
Local councils are active throughout Orange County.
Local councils are active throughout the state of Iowa.
Local councils are free to use it in all their printed materials.
Local councils can only charge for a service where they are specifically authorised to do so.
Local councils decide when and where to prosecute.
Local councils have a major role to play in the campaign.
Local councils incur significant costs in emptying coins from parking meters.
Local councils know their people and their area best.
Local councils stand at the coalface of environmental management.
Local councils submit their proposed programs for visitors.
Local councils use different ways of keeping in touch with residents and businesses.
Local councils vary enormously in how well they administer the system.
All local councils have a statutory responsibility to provide an adoption service.
Many local councils offer pension concessions or term-payment plans on land rates.
Most local councils can advise on composting techniques.
Most local councils have by-laws to prevent objectionable noises at unreasonable times.
Most local councils have restrictions on burning off.
Most local councils organize free dump-stations at nominated garages.
Some local councils have local laws on their Internet sites.
Local councillors are often traditional headmen of outstanding ability.
Most local councillors support.
Local counselors are available by appointment.
Local counterfeiters utilize various methods to hawk their bogus products.
Local counties are willing to take over state responsibilities.
Local counties make their own purchasing decisions.
Some local couples share stories of the weddings they'll never forget - even if they'd like to.
Local Coupons Save on Maryland, Virginia or DC home and garden services.
Local courses offer the advantage of having live lectures with missionaries and Bible teachers.
Many local courses offer discounts for students, so head out and play some golf.
Local courts are subject to bribery and corruption.
Local courts play a critical role.
Local courthouses are good for some transcripts.
Local courthouses house the vital records for specific areas.
Local coverage includes game and player stories, schedules, statistics, and message boards.
Local coverage includes the states of North Carolina and South Carolina.
Local coverage is extensive, with significant exposure in newspapers, radio and television.
Local coverage is good and our area of Florida is covered.
Local coverage is the newspaper s focus.
Local cowboys gather weekly to practice their skills and encourage participation by our guests.
Local craft shows several times a year . . . . . . . . . .
Local crafts are a specialty.
Local crafts are also available at reasonable prices.
Local crafts are up the stairs - they have some nice local pottery.
Local crafts produced here include the popular hand-knit fisherman sweaters.
Local crafts thrive at woollen mill.
Local crafters display handmade crafts.
Local craftsmen excel in arts and handicrafts such as silversmithig and weaving.
Local craftsmen excel in the arts of batiks, silver and leather work.
Local craftsmen sell folk art, such as woodcarvings and ceramics.
Local craftsmen supply unique handmade items of quality and taste.
Local craftsmanship is excellent and inexpensive.
Some local criminals threaten Memphis to stay off their turf.
Most local critics do.
Local crops are grass seed and grains.
Local crowd is good for people watching.
Local cubes can be e-mailed to users or made available to users across the internet.
Local cuisine is a combination of Dutch and African culinary styles.
Local cuisine makes the best use of available seafood.
Local cuisine tends to be light.
Local culture considers insurance as a luxury instead of a necessity.
Local culture is almost invisible.
Local culture is coarse, vulgar.
Local culture mediates the globalisation processes.
Every local culture can grow their foods To be supplemented by trading goods.
Many local cultures consider baobab trees to be sacred.
Local currencies are common, as are independent community banks and credit unions.
Local currencies are still extremely volatile, and continue to whiplash the Asian stock markets.
Local currencies are taxable the same as cash.
Local currencies perform a similar function to cash or cheques.
Local currency accounts.
Local currency fluctuates regularly.
Local currency is a lot of fun, and it's legal.
Local currency is a special type of money that s issued and used only in one community or area.
Local currency is also lots of work and responsibility.
Local currency is good for our community.
Local currency is necessary for such activities.
Local currency is the baht.
Local currency is the Bermudian dollar, which is an even trade for the American dollar.
Local currency is the Fiji Islands dollar.
Local currency is U.S. dollars.
Local currency represents value in our region.
Some local currencies are acceptable and other payment options available.
Local custom demands that each person just push forward.
Local customs are strong on many of our visits.
Local customs can be different and confusing.
Local customs vary on who selects music, plans the liturgy and so on.
Local customs vary.
Local customers are more than welcome to drop-in to the shop for a coffee.
Local customers are our main source of business.
Local customers can have prints conservation framed, shrink-wrapped or rent framed art pieces.
Local customers can order on-line and pick up their order from the shop.
Local customers can save by picking up orders.
Local customers can take advantage of our free pick-up and delivery services.
Local customers can take up to five appliances per month to the transfer station at no charge.
Local customers demand that their suppliers represent the leading edge of Western technology.
Local customers feel free to stop and visit our store.
Local customers find the menu and order on-line.
Local customers have the option of picking up their butterflies, in order to save on shipping costs.
Local customers know to call first, and drop in if someone is around.
Local customers make use of the web site just to get information on upcoming merchandise.
Local customers seem pleased as well.
Local customers tend to browse for products on-line prior to purchasing at the store.
Some local customers see the merger as an opportunity for growth.
Local cyclists cross the inlet by the old bridge.
Local dailies provide details.
Local dancers lead drop-in dancing for fun and exercise at any level.
Local dancers participate in repertory classes through short-term residencies.
Local daredevils leap from the bridge into the Au Train River.
Local database is temporary unavailable.
Local databases are autonomous in their use of transaction models.
Local dates are in bold.
Local data archiving saves critical monitor data for later retrieval.
Local data confirm that Sacramento households are driving more with each year.
Local data is available, and in some cases, agencies have their own website.
Local data is easy to obtain, and search options are available.
Local data relate to questions inputed by the instructor who generated the student form.
Local dealers are on top of the recall and are already busy checking their stock.
Local dealers can be a key source of early news on training programs from the manufacturer.
Local dealers can be of assistance in the purchasing decision and demonstrating the software.
Local dealers carry a variety.
Local dealers help promote the event.
Local dealers represent other U.S. companies.
Local dealers say that's a blessing for potential buyers.
Most local dealers have a supply of specimen labels for the herbicides they sell.
Most local dealers provide shellers for farmer's maize by contract.
Local dealerships are also convenient sources for spa supplies.
Local dealerships say retro-look cars are driving sales for a certain segment of the market.
Local decision making effectively cuts red tape and speeds approval.
Every local decision has a global impact.
Local deliveries are limited to Palm Beach County, Florida.
Local deliveries are only available from participating stores.
Local delivery is available by prior arrangement.
Local delivery is available with pre-payment or a credit card number.
Local delivery is available.
Local delivery is free.
Local delivery is often free.
Local delivery is provided at no charge.
Local delivery requires injections and enemas.
All local deliveries take three working days upon confirmation of order.
Local demand is high because of quality and flavor.
Local demand is still high, but it is flattening. . .
Some local demo's here in the Carolina's.
Local democracy is based on direct participation and small-group discussion.
Local democracy is the means of enabling societies and consolidating democracy at all levels.
Local democracy is the order of the day.
Local democracy puts the responsibility on the people themselves.
Local democrats face wins, losses.
Local demographics afford exposure to a large hispanic population.
Local demographics indicate a relatively young, prosperous population.
Local demographics tell it like it is.
Local denizens whisper that it looks like a hotel or shopping mall rather than a private house.
A local department is a government department
Local departments are government departments.
Local departments can and do issue teletypes sometimes nationally on specific cases.
Many local departments offer their firefighters added pay if they complete the two-year degree.
Some local departments have stricter rules.
Local depletion is a critical issue that needs to be addressed when defining the recreational right.
Local deposits help fund loans that make dreams come true.
Local deposits yield manganese and coal.
Local depression is restricted to one area.
Local derbies are alway special.
Local destinations are frequently within walking distance or perhaps on a bicycle.
Local destinations are within walking distance or easily reached on a bicycle.
Local determination is an important aspect of the restructuring process.
Local developers are two-faced about small shops.
Local development has to occur, e.g., how to get the information beyond Manila.
Local development is primarily the responsibility of the local community.
Local dialects are alaso spoken in parts of the province.
Local dignitaries enjoy the festivities.
Local dignitaries speak.
Local directory includes lots of listings.
All local diseases are fundamentally chemical in nature.
Local disequilibrium prevails in the vicinity of permeable thermal boundary layers.
Local dishes are a real pleasure, and usually much safer.
Local dishes are varied and tasty, with a touch of Spanish influence.
Local dishes are varied and tasty, with Spanish influences.
Local dishes create a solidarity amongst the Mexican people.
Local display provides flow rate, totalized flow, process conditions, and error messages.
Local distilleries produce name brands of most well-known spirits.
Local distributors are generally very receptive to donating beverages of all kinds.
Local distributors recommend showing the lowest cost possible on the invoice.
Some local distributors hope to gain from the new law.
Local district directories.
Local district reflects local community.
Local districts are a local zoning issue with local control.
Local districts are among schools that have developed other approaches.
Local districts are free to set the minimum.
Local districts are more restrictive and have to pass aldermen's approval.
Local districts are responsible for program accountability.
Local districts can adopt any programs and materials they wish.
Local districts can also expect to receive additional dollars from other federal programs.
Local districts can choose to add their own perks.
Local districts determine the content of the portfolio.
Local districts encourage promising principal candidates to apply.
Local Districts have little control.
Local districts have prerogative as to what method to use.
Local districts provide instruction in math, science and communication.
Local districts shape the policies of their state associations.
Local districts submit proposals for funding of innovative programs.
Many local districts rely on such revenue for equipment maintenance, training and operating costs.
Most local districts have links to all schools - from elementary through high school.
Most local districts use a common base rate for new teachers.
Local disturbances lead to patch dynamics within individual vegetation patches.
Local divers care for and maintain the manatee exhibit daily.
Local diversions apply, but expect serious congestion.
Local diversity leads to innovation and better techniques.
Local DJs play popular music such as the soundtrack from Grease.
Local DJs spin more traditional disco music on other nights.
Many local DJs get their start here.
Local doctors ask a lot of questions and learn quickly while assisting the visiting doctors.
Local doctors blame environmental factors.
Local doctors estimate that half the men and women at child bearing age are sterile.
Local doctors have results.
Local doctors present the seminars.
Local doctors provide consulting on a fee basis.
Local doctors report progress in the promotion of contraception to women.
Local doctors say illegal dumping is destroying the village.
Local doctors say the polluted water is to blame.
Local doctors say there is nothing they can do.
Most local doctors have results.
Most local doctors have the forms.
Some local doctors disagree.
Some local doctors report that allergies and cases of asthma increased dramatically after the storm.
Local documents are usually available in the main branch of a city or county public library system.
Local documentation is available as well as the local jar files .
Local documentation is available here .
Local documentation is available.
Local documentation is in the docs.zip archive.
Local dollars are what make the difference.
Much local dolomite is massive, white to gray, gray-brown, and nondescript in appearance.
Local domain is domain.fake.uk.
Local donations contribute important part to our agency.
Local dramas continue to tug at our heartstrings.
Local dress is another important tradition to observe.
Local drinks are mainly rum based.
Local drives hold basic system software and OS files for each system.
Local drivers are aggressive and freewheeling with little regard for official speed limits.
Local drivers carry the latest in technology with their alphanumeric pagers.
Local drivers have a tendency to flout traffic regulations and ignore signals.
Local drivers receive assignments from their dispatcher.
Many local drivers tend to disobey fundamental traffic laws - such as stopping at a red light.
Local ducks tend to drift out of the state, pushed by minor cold snaps and hunting pressure.
Local dues vary per council.
Local dues vary.
All local dues are for expense incurred by the unit.
Local duties are payable by the customer on delivery if applicable.
Local dynamics are followed by migration.
Local earthquakes are a possible sign of increased volcanic activity.
Local eateries offer the opportunity to sample the freshest seafood in the area.
Local eateries provide a variety of cuisine choices.
Local echoes are only on one or two bbs's in a given area.
Some local ecologists blame energy companies for over-using Baikal's water reserves.
Local economists say as the nation goes, so too does Minnesota.
Local economists say the overall number is a reflection of Tampa Bay's service-oriented work force.
Local economies appear to benefit from SEA-sponsored businesses.
Local economies are important in a rural state.
Local economies are increasingly international.
Local economies are subject to rapid shifts.
Local economies are very leaky.
Local economies can benefit from connected public libraries in ways beyond increased tourism.
Local economies depend upon healthy resources.
Local economies empower people.
Local economies feel the impact of volunteers' activities.
Local economies have nothing to lose, and everything to gain from energy efficiency.
Local economies suffer when jobs are lost.
Local economy is based on wheat, corn and feed grains that re used in large feedlot operations.
Local economy is in the building trades, sawmills, and aquaculture projects.
Local economy is primarily industrual and agricultural.
Local economy provides all the basic needs such as grocery, fuel, etc.
Local economy relies above all on agriculture.
Local editors can now have a toolbar with buttons for the most frequently used commands.
Local editors eat stuff up that is relevant to their community.
Many local editors recognize the talent of our members.
Local education links Links to valuable Clark County education sites.
Local educator spins the wheel on the game show.
Local educators agree.
Local educators attribute the decline to preventative courses.
Local educators decide how best to spend the revenue generated by business partnerships.
Local educators have a tendency to resist reforms that come from the outside.
Local educators have first priority for trainings in their own regions.
Local educators say districts around the state are grappling with the same problem.
Local educators see the value of combining paranoia with compassion, protection with prevention.
Local educators select students who are to receive the excellence award.
Local educators speak out against proposed exemption.
Local effects are eye pain and discomfort, burning, tearing, conjunctival hyperemia and edema.
Local effects are seen at or near the body part or parts where exposure occurred.
Local effects can be much more severe, as unfortunate farmers have found out.
Local effects occur at the area of the body which has been in contact with the chemical.
Local effort is necessary, but it can become a patchwork of indifferent performance.
Local efforts are underway to form a task group to organize an approach for implementation.
Local efforts concentrate on detail rather than the big picture.
Local elders like to say that when the tide was out, the table was set.
Local elections allow local communities to set the political agenda for their local area.
Local elections are a little less lopsided, although most of the money still comes from Manhattan.
Local elections are important.
Local elections are more complex.
Local elections are politics distilled to their purest forms.
Local elections are very important precisely because of the voting lists.
Local elections are where the action is.
Local elections can be a particularly trying time for beat officers.
Local elections occur in one round.
Local elections take place every three years.
Local elevators offer several types of cash marketing alternatives.
Local employees choose the cause.
Local employees pay taxes and social security to higher governmental units.
Many local employees provide matching funds for contributions.
Local employers are on hand to help teens with their search for summer employment.
Local employers benefit by getting a first hand look at graduate skills.
Local employers can register with the portal and post open positions with the necessary skill sets.
Local Employers Find employers in Calgary that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Edmonton that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Halifax that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in London that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Montreal that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Ottawa that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Regina that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in the Niagara region that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Toronto that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Vancouver that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Victoria that have jobs on their web site.
Local Employers Find employers in Winnipeg that have jobs on their web site.
Local employers find workers east to train, loyal and dedicated.
Local employers find workers to be loyal, dedicated and easily trained.
Local employers have a significant influence in the development of each tech prep program.
Local employers list their job openings for high school students there.
Many local employers have a matching gift program.
Many local employers have job opportunities posted on their websites.
Many local employers hire students for part-time jobs.
Many local employers provide some sort of tuition remission.
Most local employers are in the retail, construction and services industries.
Some local employers are critical of the contractor system.
Some local employers provide discounted service for employees.
Local employment is based around a diversification of skills.
Local enchantments target the permanent they are going to enchant.
Local enchantments tend to be unplayable in competitive constructed decks for two reasons.
Local endogamy is common.
All local engines are depleted.
Local enrollment allows ownership of the program.
Local enterprises benefit from greater access to increased inflows of capital and expertise.
Local entertainers perform many weekends.
Local entertainers take center stage on the island in the lobby lagoon.
Local entertainment can, if desired, add other colourful dimensions.
Local entertainment is enjoyed by all who attend.
Local entertainment is featured, including gospel music, Delta blues, zydeco and mariachi bands.
Local entertainment is featured, including gospel music, Delta blues, zydeco, and mariachi bands.
Local entities can include schools, health departments, and community-based agencies.
Local entities submit proposals to the state for funds.
Local entities vary greatly by size and nature.
Local entrees change with the season and with customer demand.
Local entrepreneurs are willing to invest a lot of money in the hotel business.
Local entrepreneurs can contribute to economic stability for rural communities.
Local entrepreneurs face increasing competition.
Local entrepreneurs serve as guest speakers.
Local environments vary.
Local environmentalists are just as enthusiastic.
Local environmentalists are skeptical, and losing patience.
Local environmentalists attribute the increase of roadkill in the county to rapid development.
Local environmentalists disagree.
Local environmentalists do remember.
Local equipment is satisfactory.
Local erythema is common.
Local establishments offer sample of their signature dishes.
Many local establishments offer ready made meals or picnic essentials to go.
All local estimates are free.
Many local evaluations have professional development for teachers as an important outcome.
Local evangelism is dependent on the local church.
Local events applies to Virginia, Maryland and District of Columbia Metro Area.
Local events are in red.
Local events are integral to spreading the message of Sustaining Wisconsin.
Local Events are searchable by name or venue.
Local events can often provide a great venue for recruiters.
Local events celebrate and reflect the diversity of our talents, interests and history.
Local Events Check out the listing of local events.
Local Events Find local movies, concerts, museums, theater and more.
Local Events Find out what's happening in Baton Rouge.
Local Events Find out what's happening in Houston.
Local events Find something to do tonight.
Local events forge lifelong friendships.
Local events have impact.
Local events offer easy opportunities to fill up petitions.
Local events present an opportunity to meet and interact with librarians in the community.
Local events require press releases and interviews and visuals.
Local Events See what's happening in any month.
Most local events have impact.
Some local events occur during exploitation.
Some local events occur during resource exploitation.
Local examples make the larger historical picture come alive.
Local excision appears to be curative.
Local excision cuts out the lesion and some of the tissue around it.
Local excision is considered adequate treatment.
Local excision is curative.
Local execution has a positive impact on execution time.
Local exhaust advisable if excessive dust is created.
Local exhaust can also be effective in minimizing odor.
Local exhaust is adequate for most conditions of use.
Local exhaust is adequate under normal conditions, mechanical ventilation is optional.
Local exhaust is always the preferable ventilation method but is typically more costly.
Local exhaust is essential.
Local exhaust is normally adequate.
Local exhaust is preferable because it removes the diesel exhaust at the source.
Local exhaust is preferable.
Local exhaust is preferred.
Local exhaust is recommended if spray or mist is created in an enclosed area.
Local exhaust is recommended when dust is generated.
Local exhaust is recommended.
Local exhaust is required.
Local exhaust is the best, such as a hood or spray booth that vents to the outside.
Local exhaust is usually sufficient.
Local exogamy seems to be an established pattern, at least on the level of the village or hamlet.
Local expansion parallels national prosperity.
Local experience becomes very important with unpaved roads.
Local experience can be a valuable asset when developing prescriptions for natural regeneration.
Local experience indicates a similar situation in South Africa.
Local experience is a good source to determine a calendar date.
Local experience is a valuable guide.
Local experience is a valuable help on determining typical rock fall on such routes.
Local experience remains the best basis for mid-winter restrictions.
Local experts acknowledge our success.
Local experts bring hands-on displays and activities related to streams.
Local experts contend it's even lower.
Local experts direct other agents, whose competence is more global.
Local Experts get to help fellow city residents by recommending the best places in town.
Local experts give advice and information on tax consequences and choices available.
Local experts lead the field trips.
Local experts present diverse topics of interest to seniors and their caregivers.
Local experts say an inch of water twice a week is plenty for Florida lawns in the winter.
Local experts say consumers are feeling good about their jobs and a strong stock market.
Local Experts See what the local experts have to say about Las Vegas.
Local experts serve as guides, sharing details about history, flora and fauna, and geology.
Local experts teach the classes which generally last an evening for a fee.
Local experts to assess situations.
Many local experts anticipate healthy but less spectacular results in the new year.
Most local experts agree that adult drinkers have plenty of options.
Some local experts think so.
Local expertise is vital to the success of the project.
Local exposure is very significant.
Local extension offices have instruction.
Local extension offices offer advice.
Local extinction can result when existing bird populations are already very small.
Local extinction is a common outcome.
Local extinction is the loss of all individuals in a population.
Local extinction refers to loss of all individuals from a given area.
Local extinctions can result in areas with limited roost habitat or excessive disturbance.
Local extinctions promote coexistence of semelparous and iteroparous life histories.
Every local extremum is also an absolute extremum.
Local Eyes Find web pages in Charlotte quickly and easily.
Local facilities are essential to serve our health needs.
Local facilities are geographically accessible to individuals.
Local facilities are rather limited.
Local factors are important in planning promotion and support.
Local factors are often the cause but the effect is usually mild.
Local factories send specialised milks and cheeses to a range of international clients.
Local fairs are important in many ways.
Local fallout is dust and ash from a bomb crater, contaminated with radioactive fission products.
Local fallout is of much greater immediate operational concern.
Local fame is well-deserved.
Local families are very supportive of the school and take pride in their children's education.
Local families can enroll in classes and seminars held in Southern California.
Local families fill out a wish list for the holidays, identifying toys, foods and other needs.
Local families invite students and scholars to share in their social and family functions.
Local families work together in cultivating the crop which is eventually exported to Japan.
Many local families come to look at the animals and walk the nature trails on weekends.
Some local families enjoy it more than most.
Most local fans advise against driving or catching a bus as traffic is hectic at the best of times.
Local farms are laden with ripe pumpkins, corn and apples to cart away by the bushel.
Local farms provide much more than food.
Many local farms are small, perhaps with a few hundred sheep.
Most local farms sell lamb by the whole or half carcass.
Local farmer shows how sweet potatoes are transported in a basket after harvest.
Local farmers are also a wonderful resource.
Local farmers are happy to share their knowledge of plants with gardeners.
Local farmers are more than happy to add the scraps to their compost pile.
Local farmers benefit from a stable local market for their goods.
Local farmers bring in fresh-picked produce.
Local farmers bring their own vegetables, fruits, flowers, jams and arts and crafts.
Local farmers bring vegetables.
Local farmers call their situation desperate.
Local farmers can get the fencing and a crossing, or access area, installed at no cost.
Local farmers do their best to raise the largest, tastiest varieties.
Local farmers do use their own seeds albeit of low quality.
Local farmers estimate dozens more wells are unknown or unreported.
Local farmers grow blueberries, apples, strawberries, and other in-season delights.
Local farmers grow desired strawberries for the strawberry lover.
Local farmers grow food.
Local farmers help with the plowing, harrowing, and corn planting.
Local farmers lack basic information on green tourism related diversification.
Local farmers plan to once again take corn to the mill for grinding.
Local farmers provide the remainder of our food needs at busy times.
Local farmers purchase supplies of feed and seed here and ship out their grain.
Local farmers receive training in wood processing.
Local farmers regard the plant as a serious pest.
Local farmers report customers.
Local farmers say they are already feeling the pinch of liberalisation.
Local farmers say to expect more varieties soon.
Local farmers sell flowers, fruits, and vegetables.
Local farmers sell homegrown fruits, vegetables, honey and flowers, Canton.
Local farmers use hoes.
Local farmers use the many pebble mounds for mixing concrete.
Many local farmers allow camping to some troops.
Many local farmers allow hunting priviledges on their land to responsible sportsmen and women.
Many local farmers are willing to have student projects on their land.
Most local farmers bring vegetables.
Most local farmers grow food.
Most local farmers report customers.
Most local farmers use hoes.
Some local farmers fear for the health of their cattle, which drink from the stream.
Some local farmers say the law is necessary to protect their livelihoods.
Local fauna includes chamois, marmottes and snow hares, and the alpine flora is extremely rich.
Local fauna includes foxes and snakes, plus umpteen parrots.
Local fauna includes rabbits, deer, racoons and squirrels.
Local favorites are any nation's best dishes, well prepared and also cheap.
Local favorites entertain each week night.
Local favorites vary from regions.
Local favorites vary with the region.
Most local favorites vary from regions.
Local faxes cost nothing.
Local faxes sent by faculty and staff are free.
Local fees apply.
Local fees vary from Chapter to Chapter.
Local feedback is key.
Local ferns complement the island breeze that blows gently though our open air restaurant.
Local ferries connect local ports.
Local ferries connect ports.
Local ferries operate on all waterways.
Local ferries sail between all the island groups.
Local festivals are in full swing and offer fun afternoon diversions and great entertainment.
Local festivals are very popular check the local visitor's bureau and chambers for more information.
Local festivals attract crowds in the hundreds of thousands.
Local festivals celebrate European heritage and antique shops sell items of times past.
Local festivals celebrate our flavorful history.
Local festivals celebrating patron saints can last as long as two weeks.
Local festivals feature Chinese opera.
Many local festivities occur throughout the year.
Local fields are in various stages of heading or pollenation.
Local fields have spots of stunted and yellow corn.
Local fiestas provide visitors with the rare opportunity of sharing in our village culture.
Local figures show a significant increase in the Hispanic population.
Local file is created.
Local file is replaced.
Local files allow the programs versatility in responding to individual needs of the district.
Local files work.
Local filmmakers shoot for the big time.
Local filters restore an image one pixel at a time, using information from surrounding pixels.
Local finances are the responsibility of each local church.
Local financing is also available.
Local fire departments have suggestions.
Local fire reports.
Local firefighters are the first to respond when disaster strikes.
Local firms are able to take capital out of the country in order to expand globally.
Local firms are members of trade associations and abide by their trading guidelines.
Local firms bid on orders for blankets, saddles and tack as war supplies.
Local firms can also sponsor floral displays in and around the town.
Local firms circulate money in the community.
Local firms have a particular stake in the business of road safety.
Local firms have contracts from Singapore to Slovenia, from California to Kuwait.
Local firms have moresuccess in low-end segments where they can compete on cost.
Local firms make little use of the support services that already exist.
Local firms offer very competitive rates under similar terms and conditions.
Local firms respond to external and internal market demand changes.
Local firms submit projects that are judged by an impartial jury.
Many local firms are leaders in their markets.
Some local firms list their internships or entry-level openings with college career centers.
Most local fish is purchased soon after it is caught, while frozen fish is generally imported.
Local fishers say a comeback that seemed to gather steam last spring has fizzled.
Local fishermen are quite adept on the locations and help to discover the aforesaid species.
Local fishermen are the best source for that information.
Local fishermen bring their catch right to our doors.
Local fishermen call for more regulations.
Local fishermen catch various types of fish for sale at local restaurants.
Local fishermen dragging anchors and bottom fishing cause the little damage there is.
Local fishermen force two sand dredges to leave their area.
Local fishermen have unbelievable memories when it comes to locating fishing sites exactly.
Local fishermen launch their boats from the slipway.
Local fishermen make their living by harnessing sea and sail.
Local fishermen make their own version of Russian borsch over an open fire.
Local fishermen make their own version of Russian bortsch over an open fire.
Local fishermen market their mahimahi as fresh, whole fish.
Local fishermen market their ono as fresh, whole fish.
Local fishermen offer trips in their own boats.
Local fishermen prize the Northern Pike as a great trophy fish.
Local fishermen report that most bites come from the night octopus.
Local fishermen say no-one is interested in their plight.
Local fishermen say they have never seen anything like it.
Local fishermen to report sighting.
Local fishermen use techniques.
Local fishermen use the ends of the runways for fishing.
Local fishermen use traditional techniques.
Many local fishermen count themselves among the former.
Most local fishermen use techniques.
Most local fishermen use traditional techniques.
Some local fishermen provide methods.
Local fisheries operate year-round.
Local fishing includes crabs and clams.
Most local fishing is less than an hour from the inlet.
Local fishmongers are steamed about the rising price of clams, in scant supply due to recent storms.
Local flaps take advantage of the plentiful blood supply and mobility of face and neck skin.
Local flavor includes trains whistling nearby and tug boats tootling down the Ohio River.
Local flavor is always part of the menu.
Local flavor is supplied primarily by integrated links to regional merchant directories.
Local flavours come alive at the frequent exhibitions and gatherings held during summer months.
Local flights are also available.
Local flights are very cheap.
Local floods cause several drownings annually in Arizona.
Local floods occur most frequently.
Local flooding can occur.
Local floras are available for many places.
Local floras serve many purposes.
Many local florists belong to a co-op in which they deliver for each other.
Local flow is weighted more or less importantly depending on the local topography.
Local flies are available at the lodge.
Local fog lessens the impact of dry summers and increases vegetative growth including wood.
Local folders follow the local naming rules.
Local folk are up for the challenge.
Local folk dot the patches of shade around the trees.
Local folks call it a landslide.
Local folks love to be outdoors.
Local folks say it was once a hideout for outlaws.
Local folks serve it up with all the fixings.
Local folks show up at our meetings, and bring family members, friends, and co-workers.
Local folks tend to come here into to the bank.
Local folks think the archaeologists are looking for gold.
Most local folks are concerned about the possibility of a fire and a simultaneous water shortage.
Some local folks arrive by boat, hitch up their vessels to the pier, and walk on in.
Some local folks continue to work on scrolls individually.
Local folklore is certain of the stone's origin.
Local folklore is still alive and well in the area.
Local folklore tells of spirits in the cemetery area.
Local food can be basic but bars are numerous in Bangui.
Local food includes lobster, prawn, squid, crab, fresh tuna, Somali bananas, mangoes and papaya.
Local food includes potatoes, carrots, spring onions, buckwheat, rice, millet and bread.
Local food is a different way to look at food production and distribution.
Local food is also fresher, and therefore tastier and more nutritious.
Local food is basic.
Local food is great and fantastic value.
Local food is rich and takes a little getting used to.
Local food is served here and is well-prepared.
Local food is similar to Malay cuisine with fresh fish and rice and often quite spicy.
Local food is similar to Malay cuisine with fresh fish and rice, often quite spicy.
Local food is spicy to American tastes.
Local food needs local farmland.
Local foodies love it.
Local forces have fewer personnel and their weapons are of inferior quality to field forces.
Local forecast is for heavy thunderstorms to continue all week.
Local forecast is provided for areas around the world.
Local Forecasts Help others plan.
Local forests seem to be shifting from oak trees to maples.
Local forms are the most common which follow Swedish rating schemes.
All local forms are available over the Internet on our website in the forms section .
Local formats vary widely.
Local fortunes rise and fall with the choice of a shopping mall site.
Local forum accepts scripts for workshop readings.
Local forums can bring together learners from a range of institutions in a local or regional area.
Local foundations focus their grantmaking efforts on specific communities.
Many local fountains are also memorials.
Local foxhunts meet frequently at the school, and many of the students participate in the hunt.
Local framers donate the framing of the art and our printer is always very supportive.
Local franchises are at risk on all fronts.
Local franchises employ trained Marketers to promote the local team, lobby for new stadiums, etc.
Local fruit is excellent.
Local fuels generate local employment and boost the balance of trade.
Local functions avoid the tendency to have lots of helper functions lying around.
Local fund raising for restoration is underway.
Local funds are available for transportation through property taxes or other local taxes.
Local funds are still necessary to meet the match obligation of the grant.
Local funds come from local property and income taxes.
Local funding comes primarily from annual membership dues contributed by each member agency.
Local funding is derived from cash sales at cafeterias.
Local funding is essential to the basic educational program in our current funding system.
Local funding is necessary.
Local funding is provided through the use of police department personnel and equipment.
Local Gals Ask.
Local galaxies have fields of about the measured strength.
Local galleries host many local and regional artists.
Local games are held regularly.
Local gangs keep people living in fear.
Local gardeners check here.
Local gardeners have pride in their work.
Local gardeners sell fresh produce, crafters are also welcome.
Local genealogists are usually in attendance to assist visitors.
Local generation provides a more reliable and efficient source of electricity.
Local geography has a very real effect on weather patterns.
Local geography plays a significant role in understanding how microclimates behave.
Local geological factors contribute to magnification.
Local geometry determines how objects move.
Local geomorphology can exert significant control on channel form and river behaviour.
Local girl makes good.
Local girls are at fault, too.
Some local girls are especially attracted to men with black or brown skin, observers say.
Local golfers do good.
Local golfers say the competition for prime early spots is fierce.
Local gongs have shallow rims and a small boss.
Local goods are also available for sale.
Local goods are fish, fish, fish, bananas and coconuts, betel leaves and nuts.
Local gossip is always good news, never bad.
Local gossip is free.
Local gossip says the orphanage director is making a fortune from the trade.
Local governance is the school for democracy.
Local governance reports.
Local government accounts.
Local government administers the revenue and delivers the services purchased.
Local government asks Jakarta for help.
Local government becomes just another service provider among many.
Local government belongs to the citizens it has pledged to protect and serve.
Local government can also take action under the Nuisance Provisions of the Health Act.
Local government can and does contribute to social and economic development in many ways.
Local government can foster the creation of alternative institutions of accumulation detailed above.
Local government can help people rediscover their lost sense of responsible citizenship.
Local government can lift the moratorium.
Local government can no longer spread itself out doing all things for all people.
Local government can now impose zoning restrictions, but they are easily challenged in court.
Local government can provide information to keep the community informed.
Local government can set a good example.
Local government can sometimes offer deferred loans.
Local government can use electronic commerce to expand access to services in a similar manner.
Local government consists of two groups - program staff people and elected officials.
Local government continues to pay half of the total.
Local government costs to administer the program are very difficult to estimate.
Local government employs two out of three urban and regional planners.
Local government empowers the people.
Local government encourages job creation and recruitment.
Local government establishes manatee protection zones.
Local government establishes zones.
Local government has a better handle on what the needs of their particular constituency is.
Local government has a mayor and city council.
Local government has a proud record of adapting to change.
Local government has a variety of regulatory responsibilities.
Local government has a vital role to play in aiding the development of strong communities.
Local government has agencies.
Local government has an important role in cutting Australia's emissions levels.
Local government has authority.
Local government has little resources or power but there are local arts committees.
Local government has responsibility for most open space and has a higher profile at the local level.
Local government has some of the most sensitive data to protect.
Local government has the primary responsibility for protecting the public.
Local government has to be on the lookout to promote local needs and local business activity.
Local government includes school boards.
Local government is a difficult place to train and learn.
Local government is a key stakeholder in regional planning.
Local government is a service intense business.
Local government is a service organization.
Local government is about more than providing basic services.
Local government is about much more than filling potholes today.
Local government is administered by nine district councils and five town councils.
Local government is administered through a council-manager form of government.
Local government is almost entirely town-controlled.
Local government is also a major service deliverer.
Local government is an entirely different form of public institution.
Local government is based on four administrative districts.
Local government is by a system of organized boroughs, much like counties in other states.
Local government is by self-governing park, school, cemetery, sanitation, and water districts.
Local government is can be the most intrusive government and the most heavy-handed.
Local government is closest to citizens and one can see immediate results from the efforts made.
Local government is conducted through open town meetings and administered by five elected selectmen.
Local government is considered, but to a lesser degree.
Local government is defined to include a county.
Local government is different from other public sector bodies.
Local government is executed through a system of territorial and administrative divisions.
Local government is government
Local government is government.
Local government is here as well together with the political parties and pressure groups.
Local government is little better.
Local government is more important than ever before.
Local government is needed as a funding partner in major enterprises.
Local government is no exception.
Local government is one of the most important tiers of government.
Local government is provided at obstini level by municipality councils each led by an elected mayor.
Local government is responsive to community needs.
Local government is responsive to the concerns of both local residents and businesses.
Local government is run by people with their own community.
Local government is run by the nine provincial assemblies.
Local government is set up by local citizens to provide general services to the people.
Local government is still many years away.
Local government is strong because in America it has the power to levy property taxes.
Local government is supportive in promoting growth and business development in Sun Prairie.
Local government is susceptible to the whims of the economy just like everyone else.
Local government is the first line of attack on many community problems.
Local government is the foundation of a democratic political order.
Local government is the foundation of our democracy.
Local government is the government of the locally powerful.
Local government is the government that works.
Local government is the most important level of government because it's closest to the people.
Local government is the most responsive to the needs of citizens.
Local government is the one tier of government closest to the people.
Local government is through island councils with elected members.
Local government is very close to the citizens.
Local government is well placed to provide the setting for innovative public health solutions.
Local government is where the tire meets the road for democracy.
Local government makes up the majority of the area's total government employment.
Local government monitors the significant trees in the community for compliance with the bylaw.
Local government needs to have control over taxation.
Local government obtains title search for subject properties.
Local government offers many disappointments.
Local government ought to be able to experiment within the boundaries of a local model ordinance.
Local government provides and maintains center sites.
Local government provides focus, structure and leadership to the effort.
Local government provides home help, some respite care, transport services and other services.
Local government provides more than half of the public services in the state.
Local government recedes and central government gets ever more powerful and repressive.
Local government recognises local and cultural differences.
Local government reflects the plurality of Fiji's social structure.
Local government regulates development along the river but the program serves as an advisory body.
Local government shares the vision of citizen centred services which best meet people's needs.
Local government supports it, state government supports it, the industry supports it.
Local government touches people's lives so much more and that brings responsibility with it.
Local government work with citizens to maintain and enhance our quality of life.
Local government works bests for the people because it works closest to the people.
Local government works hard to preserve the natural beauty of the area.
Local government works hard to promote business success.
Local government works stably when it is in the framework of a national constitution.
Local government works to accommodate company needs.
Local government zoning powers are unimpaired.
Local governments acquire a new tax on parking services.
Local governments add sweeteners.
Local governments adopt and enforce health, safety and building codes.
Local governments amass much information in the course of providing services.
Local governments approve the erection of billboards, but they are private property.
Local governments are a natural audience.
Local governments are a priority target audience.
Local governments are accountable externally in three ways.
Local governments are accountable for actions that cause harm to individuals.
Local governments are also ready for the worst-case scenario, they say.
Local governments are an area of concern.
Local governments are central to development of our society.
Local governments are closest to the people they serve and best know the needs of their communities.
Local governments are closest to the people they serve and they know the needs of their communities.
Local governments are corrupt, from the county commissions to boards of education.
Local governments are grass root organizations and can help with Bay issues.
Local governments are hard to find on the Internet.
Local governments are heavily involved in the utility sector.
Local governments are immune from liability for punitive damages.
Local governments are increasingly concerned about unfunded mandates.
Local governments are legally subordinate to the states - it is a unitary relationship.
Local governments are less advanced, but more are signing on.
Local governments are likely customers.
Local governments are more participatory and efficient.
Local governments are more than a database and a communications system.
Local governments are on the front lines.
Local governments are pro-business and work closely with existing and new industries.
Local governments are reluctant to fund water planning because there is no immediate return.
Local governments are responsible for dissemination of information.
Local governments are responsible for enforcing local ordinances.
Local governments are responsible for nursing homes and home care services.
Local governments are responsible for preparing large scale maps for their urban planning areas.
Local governments are responsible for regulating land use.
Local governments are responsible for the construction and maintenance of jails.
Local governments are responsible for their projects.
Local governments are semi-autonomous, and contain executive and legislative bodies of their own.
Local governments are similar to the executive branch in structure and function.
Local governments are strapped to pay for essential public safety and human services.
Local governments are subject to the proposed amendment in their capacity as employers.
Local governments are subject to the same application fees as other permit applicants.
Local governments are supportive of efforts to simplify sales tax administration.
Local governments are the largest employers of water and wastewater treatment plant operators.
Local governments are the most efficient, most effective form of government.
Local governments are under increasing pressure to raise revenues.
Local governments are very involved in waste management.
Local governments are weak and unable to meet the needs of the average citizen.
Local governments are where things are happening.
Local governments assess and collect property taxes.
Local governments assist in the provision of sport and recreation in the local community.
Local governments can add another two cents to that.
Local governments can also access advice and assistance directly from their PEP regional office.
Local governments can also act as aggregators on behalf of their constituents.
Local governments can also get assistance to buy recycled.
Local governments can also implement various fund raising mechanisms for transportation purposes.
Local governments can also request information on permits being applied for in their area.
Local governments can apply to the state to receive the funding.
Local governments can be either councils or authorities at the county.
Local governments can become leaders in reducing the use of toxic materials.
Local governments can borrow from foreign sources only with central government approval.
Local governments can conduct elections with a lock box and paper ballots.
Local governments can do one of two things, and raise property taxes or cut costs.
Local governments can do one of two things, raise property taxes or cut costs.
Local governments can effectively manage the process of accepting service requests online.
Local governments can enact regulations under zoning ordinances.
Local governments can enforce the residential regulations if they choose.
Local governments can establish or improve their Web sites by involving citizens and the community.
Local governments can implement energy efficiency programs to save substantial amounts of money.
Local governments can issue bonds under that act.
Local governments can organize prison laborers to remove invasive plants from public areas.
Local governments can play active roles in facilitating and financing brownfields redevelopment.
Local governments can reduce the greenhouse gas emissions they produce from their own activities.
Local governments can reduce their spending.
Local governments can shoulder plenty of blame, too.
Local governments can simply raise the property tax rate in order to increase property tax revenue.
Local governments can still do a much better job of educating the public to stop feeding the geese.
Local governments can take full advantage of the most current web technology now.
Local governments can use taxpayer money to hire squadrons of lobbyists to do their bidding.
Local governments can use what is saved for other public purposes.
Local governments celebrate by approving several dozen new subdivisions.
Local governments charge fees to pay for many services to their residents.
Local governments compile statistical reports using annual financial statements.
Local governments consist of counties, cities, and special districts.
Local governments continue to aggressively develop and implement flood mitigation projects.
Local governments continue to play the integral role in meeting and exceeding that goal.
Local governments continue to use moratoria to stop or pause development activity.
Local governments contribute to the cost of projects, generally through matching funds.
Local governments control and set the rates for garbage and recycling services.
Local governments control use of some funds.
Local governments create, receive, and hold some of the nation's most valuable records.
Local governments decide what protocol is used.
Local governments determine priorities based on needs assessments and fund accordingly.
Local governments determine the amount in property taxes needed.
Local governments discourage high density housing which increases the cost of available units.
Local governments do the planning and administer most of the land-use regulations.
Local governments employ the majority of planners in Australia.
Local governments enforce federal and state land use regulations.
Local governments enforce the standards established in the Building Code.
Local governments enhance the flow and effectiveness of investments in Title II supported programs.
Local governments enhance the flow and effectiveness of investments in Title II-supported programs.
Local governments enter into contracts with financial institutions for custody services.
Local governments establish barriers as well.
Local Governments exist in each local area.
Local governments exist many places in Alaska.
Local governments face extremely tough problems.
Local governments face increasing costs for new roads, sewer and water lines and schools.
Local governments face rapidly rising costs for courts and jails.
Local governments feel the problem directly.
Local Governments Find Illinois municipal, regional, and county government information.
Local governments freeze approvals for Central Park .
Local governments get better ability to plan for economic development and environmental impacts.
Local governments get most of their revenue from property taxes.
Local governments govern cities, towns, shires, municipalities and district councils.
Local governments handle welfare, education, health, roads, and law enforcement programs.
Local governments have a comparative advantage in conducting that joint decision process.
Local governments have a great deal of experience in soliciting bids for other services.
Local governments have a key role in education, health, housing, and water supply.
Local governments have a key role to play in reducing crime through both approaches.
Local governments have a very serious problem.
Local governments have authority for regulating land use.
Local governments have less power in New Jersey than they do in Pennsylvania.
Local governments have limited autonomy in raising revenue to meet new service demands.
Local governments have little direct influence over economic development in their regions.
Local governments have primary responsibility for wastewater treatment.
Local governments have responsibility for maintaining property records.
Local governments have such shifts in mind when they grant tax abatements.
Local governments have the authority to enforce the rules.
Local governments have the highest approval rating of any level of government.
Local governments have the opportunity to choose their own food drive dates throughout the summer.
Local governments have the option of seeking voter approval for an increase in the mill levy.
Local governments have the primary responsibility for land use planning.
Local governments have the primary responsibility for land-use planning.
Local governments have the resources to raise the funds needed.
Local governments have the right to pick which firms list first.
Local governments have to be innovative to balance their budgets.
Local governments have to determine their own acceptable level of risk.
Local governments have to learn how to manage the consultants and be effective clients.
Local governments have two major sources of revenueproperty taxes and state aid.
Local governments have very little bonded indebtedness.
Local governments have yet to get that assurance from the developer.
Local governments have zoning laws that specify legally acceptable uses of land in different areas.
Local governments identify legacy areas and compete for available money.
Local governments impact the community more than any other level of elected office.
Local governments implement federal and state policy.
Local governments impose high car taxes.
Local governments impose rates to cover their services.
Local governments know better what to do for their own problems than central ones.
Local governments lack rules and procedures for flood control especially in major flood areas.
Local governments levy taxes on real and tangible personal property.
Local governments maintain set-asides and other programs.
Local governments offer even larger opportunities for 'better services, lower taxes'.
Local governments operate in a complex legal and administrative environment.
Local governments pass laws to regulate how land is zoned and subdivided, among other things.
Local governments pay for public schools with the help of state aid to education.
Local governments place orders directly with contract vendors.
Local governments place orders directly with the vendors.
Local governments plan and cooperate to minimize environmental impacts.
Local governments play a central role in managing the urban environment.
Local governments play both direct and indirect roles in employment creation.
Local governments possess insight into the needs of people.
Local governments produce their own documentation at the city, county, and regional levels.
Local governments promote palm oil for fast revenue.
Local governments provide a lot of services to people.
Local governments provide some medical care for individuals lacking medical insurance.
Local governments provide tax incentives for local developers.
Local governments provide the balance of the program costs.
Local governments purchase virtually any commodity and service available in the community.
Local governments receive funding from federal and State governments and also levy rates.
Local governments receive revenues from various sources.
Local governments regulate discharges to the sanitary sewer systems.
Local governments regulate social and industry services.
Local governments rely less on fees and sales taxes than is the case in other states.
Local governments retain a greater measure of their autonomy when they can rely on property taxes.
Local governments save money.
Local governments save on snowplowing and on periodic road re-surfacing.
Local governments say both policies hurt their ability to have a good mix of businesses and housing.
Local governments say the project violates their shoreline master programs.
Local governments see fish farming using paiche as a potential boom industry.
Local governments seek alternatives for waste disposal in limited spaced landfills.
Local governments share motor fuel tax collections with the state government.
Local governments sponsor great projects.
Local governments stand to lose substantial sales-tax revenues if electronic commerce takes off.
Local governments submit applications to compete for funds.
Local governments support the right of every citizen to be heard during budget deliberations.
Local governments tend to capitalize assets at overly low dollar values.
Local governments update and implement stormwater drainage plans.
Local governments use federal monies to do preservation.
Local governments use it to understand and plan land use in their communities.
Local governments use the data for such purposes as planning, roads, schools and child-care centers.
Local governments use the information to aid in land use planning.
Local governments use the information to plan everything from budgets to land use.
Local governments work with their own communities to determine needs and wants.
Local governments work within the state tax collection system.
Many local governments are in even worse shape than federal agencies.
Many local governments are still deficient in both financial resources and trained personnel.
Many local governments can barely find the resources to pay their staff wages.
Many local governments face the challenge of attempting to be all things to all people.
Many local governments fund subregional libraries, deposit collections, or local service points.
Many local governments give copies of minutes, resolutions and ordinances to their public library.
Many local governments have little infor- mation technology in place.
Many local governments implement international cooperation activities to activate their areas.
Many local governments implement tax policies to promote the use of renewables.
Many local governments investigate the in-house option first.
Many local governments post job opportunities on their websites.
Many local governments provide retrofit kits to restrict the flow on old showerheads.
Most local government establishes manatee protection zones.
Most local government establishes zones.
Most local government has agencies.
Most local government has authority.
Most local governments add another penny.
Most local governments can borrow funds at tax-exempt rates by issuing municipal bonds.
Most local governments compensate sign owners through amortization.
Most local governments have access to the information it needs.
Most local governments have additional regulations governing massage.
Most local governments have to hire someone specially trained just to write grant proposals.
Most local governments have websites that offer good starting points.
Most local governments require some form of urban runoff management for new development.
Most local governments run on very narrow local platforms.
Most local governments tend to be small in size, when compared to other states.
Most local governments use their general fund as the source of funding for the library.
Some local government employs workers.
Some local government pathways towards reconciliation.
Some local governments are slow to utilize the Web as a working tool.
Some local governments fear losing tax revenue as more people shop online instead of in stores.
Some local governments have a total ban on backyard burning of waste.
Some local governments have additional laws and regulations for bicycles.
Some local governments have different watering days or hours in effect.
Some local governments have information on city and county roads.
Some local governments have more restrictive measures.
Some local governments have no restrictions on pond construction.
Some local governments have several rates.
Some local governments have the ability to prosecute violators criminally.
Some local governments honor kids who have taken particularly good care of their teeth.
Some local governments issue credit cards in both the government employee's and agency's name.
Some local governments mandate the protection of certain agricultural lands.
Some local governments plan to implement higher rates to cut water use.
Some local governments provide free tests for bacteria and nitrates.
Some local governments require licensing.
Some local governments restrict sign placement timing and location.
Local graduates fill the majority of professional vacancies in the region.
Local grants carry the same state arts funding credibility.
Local grantees receive funds directly from the federal government.
Local greens see the problem of high poverty level in a different way.
Local group performs a capella gospel tunes followed by a free master class.
Local groups apply for grants, and the governor decides which requests to fund.
Local groups are again helpful with our efforts.
Local groups are also a rich source of knowledgeable speakers who'll work for free.
Local groups are also champions for standards' longevity.
Local groups are an effective way for system administrators in an area to share information.
Local groups are an excellent source of information.
Local groups are free to attack the alcohol industry, of course.
Local groups are important for bringing people into contact and for motivation.
Local groups are popular in the main towns.
Local groups are welcome to add on additions or corrections.
Local groups can allow deviations according to their own desires.
Local groups can also apply for individual membership.
Local groups can contain Global groups and users.
Local groups can only come into existence where there are sufficient pantheists in one place.
Local groups connect global groups to resources.
Local groups continue to investigate their whereabouts.
Local groups cover a range of special needs.
Local groups Find out whats on locally.
Local groups find their own focus.
Local groups form into regional associations.
Local groups have forays, meetings, and other activities which help to hold the club together.
Local groups have their own characteristic styles.
Local groups hold friendly, informal discussions on breastfeeding, birth and parenthood.
Local groups know the problem areas in their communities.
Local groups maintain their involvement in gaming related and property crimes.
Local groups meet for prayer, Bible study, mutual encouragement and outreach.
Local groups meet for prayer, Bible study, mutual encouragement, and outreach.
Local groups meet regularly around Sydney.
Local groups meet regularly in our building.
Local groups meet regularly in our church building.
Local groups offer additional support for nursing mothers.
Local groups promote safe raving and distribute the information.
Local groups provide a rhythmic beat for family fun events.
Local groups provide some of the same stimulation and support.
Local groups provide the volunteers.
Local groups publish monthly newsletters.
Local groups staff the all-volunteer organization that operates five days per week.
Local groups submit mix box offerings to the appointed district officer.
Local groups submit priority area proposals based on local interests and needs.
Local groups tout grass-roots prevention.
All local groups belong to a Kingdom.
Many local groups have events besides regular, topic oriented meetings.
Many local groups meet on a regular basis.
Many local groups meet regularly.
Many local groups offer hunting and fishing events and special workshops.
Many local groups teeter on the brink of extinction because of the lack of active participation.
Many local groups work in partnership with Indigenous communities.
Most local groups run mailing lists, which often become sources of information in their own right.
Most local groups run on a shoestring budget.
Some local groups have periodic meetings for fellowship, potlucks, business or worship.
Some local groups meet regularly and organise workshops and training courses.
Some local groups undertake the control of overpopulation of pet dogs and cats.
Local growers are very angry about the government's decision.
Local growers make deliveries straight to their kitchen doors.
Local growers say they are doing well, though, and shipping their trees all over the country.
Local growth impacts neighboring communities.
Local guidance covers implementation.
Local guides are always preferable, if possible.
Local guides are available for backwater, fly fishing and light tackle fishing.
Local guides are available for hire.
Local guides are available for historical and cultural tours and bush walks to tambu sites .
Local guides are available, as well as are photo safaris.
Local guides are available.
Local guides are eager to take beginner to advanced anglers to various streams to test their skills.
Local guides are necessary and easily available.
Local guides are often poorly.
Local guides are particularly helpful when it comes to fishing.
Local guides are ready and willing to translate and interpret.
Local guides can provide the boats, the fishing gear and the local knowledge.
Local guides enjoy teaching people about the many uses of plants.
Local guides escort visitors through the forest on many trails.
Local guides have the local expertise that makes record catches more likely.
Local guides interpret the native flora and fauna in an area rich in natural history.
Local guides offer a wealth of knowledge about each stop on the tour and the scenery in between.
Local guides prepare Thai dishes for each meal.
Local guides provide a live commentary.
Local guides provide a river rafting service and mountain climbing instruction.
Local guides provide tales as spectacular as the views.
Local guides provide tours, and a map to the locations near town is available.
Local guides recommend the triangle-taper line, claiming it is easier for beginners to cast.
Local guides show tourists what so many others pass by.
Local guides take groups on snowshoeing adventures in the foothills throughout the winter .
Local guides take people to see nearby bushman paintings, or to consult the traditional healer.
Local guides take visitors by horseback or foot into the rugged alpine backcountry.
Local guides take visitors daily through forest trails to the lava flows and to a nearby waterfall.
All local guides agree that spring and early summer provides fantastic fly fishing.
Most local guides carry both spinning and fly gear.
Local guidelines regulate the type of business and investment eligible for incentive.
Local guy goes way beyond good and other odds at the end.
Local guys can do the interior framing.
Local guys have to look the customer in the eye.
Local gypsum is largely unstudied.
Local habits are evidence that a very real risk is present.
Local habitat conditions affect detection.
Local habitats are ecologically diverse.
Local handicrafts are also available.
Local handicrafts are also readily available.
Local handicrafts are the best buys here.
Many local handicrafts are on display in shops around the fair.
Local handiwork includes straw goods, coral and shell jewellery, batik prints and wood crafts.
Local hardships do exist in certain library systems due to current inequities.
Local hardwood has a varied range of applications in Scotland.
Local heat increases blood flow and oxygen tension in wounds.
Local help is requested.
Local herbs add extra zest to some dishes.
Local herbs add flair to culinary delights.
Local hero puts shrimp on the run.
Local heroes are more interesting and relevant than professional heroes.
Local heroes are ordinary people doing extraordinary things.
Local heroes prepare for another European tour.
Local hierarchies contain numerous subcategories such as announce , forsale , and marketplace .
Local highways are open.
Local hipsters perform on all the new equipment.
Local hire is preferred.
Local hires serve on an indefinite tour of duty.
Local historians believe it was once the crypt of the chapel of the nearby manor-house.
Local historians believe it was the first time a wedding ceremony was staged in that setting.
Local historians dispute the tale.
Local historians divide the city's history into six epochs.
Local historians fear it is only a matter of time before further damage is done.
Local historians have no physical or documentary evidence of that.
Local historians praise cemeteries as great places to get a sense of the region's history.
Local historians relate oral history at the library.
Local historians say attention to the mountain roadway is long overdue.
Many local historians are active members of their local historical society.
Some local historians have little use for the curse.
Local histories are popular because they celebrate people's attachments to particular places.
Local histories are useful for several reasons.
Local histories Ask villagers for a detailed account of the past and how things have changed.
Local histories contain much information about early land holders.
Local histories deal with something people really care about.
Local histories record more.
Local histories vary a lot in the amount and type of information they provide.
Local history can be a lot of fun.
Local history can be easy to research.
Local history can be the key to unlocking the power of history.
Local history comes alive at museums around the area.
Local history exhibits on display in visitor centre.
Local history features.
Local history fits into the matrix of state, national or world history like pieces of a puzzle.
Local history helps illuminate the broader picture of the American experience.
Local history is . . .
Local history is a good example.
Local history is a very recent interest.
Local history is an exception.
Local history is available on the library's website.
Local history is by definition specialised - a specialised study of a particular district.
Local History is Reviewed.
Local history is tied to the waterway.
Local history is where the big picture begins.
Local history objects, photo exhibits, public art gallery and gift shop.
Local history repeats itself.
Local history tends to remain local, even though it contain lessons for all who encounter it.
Most local histories have biographical sections that contain detailed genealogical information.
Local holdings display first and hold pickup locations are are tailored to the member libraries.
Local holdings display first for each library from that library's web page.
Local homes become extremely creative in their holiday decorations and compete for prizes.
Local homes have a lot of lead paint and removing it is expensive.
All local homes are now in compliance with state and federal regulations.
Many local homes offer overnight accommodations.
Local homeowner walks the viewer through the basics of pavement maintenance.
Local homeowners decorate for the holidays and invite the public to tour.
Local honey is available at apiaries, produce stands and health food stores.
Some local hoods decide to sick their champion dog-fighter on any dogs they can find on the street.
Local hospital is basically a stabilization point with some surgical support.
Local hospitals are adequate for basic care.
Local hospitals are available for emergencies after hours.
Local hospitals are in a disastrous condition.
Local hospitals are overwhelmed and struggling to cope.
Local hospitals are the least costly in the region.
Local hospitals are the major source of health service employment.
Local hospitals can be good, but aftercare is considerd lacking.
Local hospitals contribute heavily to service employment.
Local hospitals get their blood supply from the Greater Alleghenies Region .
Local hospitals have a number of students with alcohol-related problems.
Local hospitals offer seminars and cooking classes to ensure healthy lifestyles.
Local hospitals provide a wealth of internship and practicum opportunities.
Local hospitals treat more than one million people annually.
Local hospitals welcome volunteer work by the students.
Many local hospitals have libraries.
Many local hospitals offer new parent support groups.
Local hospitality is available for visitors and their children.
Local hospitality means comfort, frienship, and a family to come home to.
Local host has the less command on it.
Local hosts are familiar with area attractions and itinerary planning.
Local hosts encourage guests.
Many local hosts give a reception for the speaker before or after the event.
Most local hosts encourage guests.
Local hostels are a great options for students travelling on a budget.
Local hostels are available in coastal villages with reasonable prices.
Local hotels are also available.
Local hotels are available also.
Local hotels are available with a statement of non-availability.
Local hotels are devoid of tourists.
Local hotels fill up early and some are already full.
Local hotels have raised their prices, driven up by market forces, they say.
Local hotels offer numerous golf packages to suit every handicap and golfer year round.
Local hotels provide attractive accommodations for numbers of attendees anticipated.
Local hotels provide clean, affordable accommodations in the major population areas.
Local hotels provide overflow capabilities for the hostel at only slightly higher prices. .
Local hotels sell advance tickets to their guests.
Many local hotels have golf packages available.
Many local hotels offer UCSD discount rates based upon availability.
Many local hotels serve bar meals and dinner to non-residents.
Some local hotels offer our patients and families special rates on a daily or weekly basis.
Some local hotels offer special rates to families of children with cancer or special needs.
Local hoteliers continue to protest at the measure.
Local hours are limited, so it's wise to call ahead.
Local households come and fill drum for their baths.
Local households go out of town to buy goods and services.
Local households prepare fruits and cakes for local feasts.
Local households shop out of the area to buy goods and services.
Local housing is also available.
Local housing is available offering a spectrum of types and values.
Local housing is plentiful and relatively inexpensive.
Some local housing is available upon request.
Local humour is provided by way of the town lads who are guaranteed to get up to a trick or two.
Local hunger is a world problem.
Local hunters call the creature a leaf deer because hunters can carry it in one large leaf.
Local hunters can help our birds of prey by donating unused deer hearts.
Local hunters roam the area in the spring months.
Local hygiene is inferior and even the most basic medical and health services are lacking.
Local hyperthermia refers to heat that is applied to a very small area, such as a tumor.
Local identifiers override global identifiers.
Local ideologies are more important to rural local government than broader political ideologies.
Most local imams have authority in their community, especially in the area of Islamic concerns.
Local immunity is limited to a particular area or tissue of the body.
Local impacts are one of the most scientifically uncertain aspects of climate.
Local impacts are understudied and much more immediately, seriously troubling.
Local implementation involves identifying resources available to implement each procedure.
Local implementation varies at each site.
Local impressions are of refugees without hope and suffering severely from stress related disorders.
Local improvisation is needed now more than ever, because the Oscars grow drearier by the year.
Local incentives vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Local income includes all funding sources except state and federal funds.
Local income includes all library income except state and federal funds.
Local income includes all local funding sources except state and federal funds.
All local income is taxed at the normal tax-rate for local citizens.
Most local independents present a mix of western and Russian music.
Local indexes have some significant advantages over global indexes.
Local indies emphasize relationships with customers, special deals, and even pornography to compete.
Local individuals can do things better than people from the outside.
Many local individuals can count ancestors among the first Spanish-speaking colonists.
Local industries are cotton grinning, vegetable oil processing, tanning, fishing and sponge fishing.
Local industries are eager to talk to our students.
Local industries make up one of the city's major sources of income.
Local industries produce carpets, textiles, food, footwear and soap.
Local industries produce chemicals, textiles, metals, and electric wares.
Local industries provide partnerships and sponsorship for school programs and projects.
Local industries swear by it as a reliable pool of skilled, dedicated workers.
Local industry comprises tourism, arts and crafts, vineyards and sheep grazing.
Local industry consists largely of quarrying giving employment to many of the residents.
Local industry includes light engineering works.
Local industry includes vineyards and mining.
Local industry is centered on the fish factory, conch farming, and spiny lobster catching.
Local industry is now commercial fishing, crabbing, oystering and clam farming.
Local industry is often very happy to talk with student and faculty groups.
Local industry is small in scale and includes handicrafts, fish salting, and boat-building.
Local industry is well aware of the threat and is moving to counter it.
Local infestations spread as beetles move to favored food and suitable sites for egg laying.
Local inflammation is caused by injuries.
Most local inflammation is caused by injuries.
Local influences dominate trading considerations most of the time.
Local informants note that the structure was altered slightly ca.
Local information can be a big help.
Local Information Getting Here Ride a wild coaster.
Local information includes events, What's on, and clubs and society addresses.
Local information is accessed by typing a zip code on the site.
Local information is available as well as events, clubs and even personal homepages.
Local information is available here .
Local information is available.
Local information is displayed at each network node.
Local information is necessary.
Local information is restricted to staff.
Local information is searchable by zip codes.
Local information is specific to one community.
Local information is the most sought after on the Internet.
Local information keeps on rollin' on.
More local information is given here .
Local infrastructure Be to decided.
Local infrastructure is clearly a responsibility appropriate to local governments.
Local infrastructure is overwhelmed and yet the demands continue to increase.
Local infrastructure is very much the most expensive part of the equation.
Local inhabitants are also under increasing pressure.
Local inhabitants are now aware of the cultural and monetary value of their architectural heritage.
Local inhabitants can play a large role in how the visitors view the destination.
Local inhabitants expect guests who are fond of rural tourism.
Local inhabitants keep the memory alive.
Local inhabitants use few small karst fields to cultivate olives, figs, grapes, cherries, etc.
Local inhabitants use the stems of papyrus as material for canoe making.
Most local inhabitants live in the hilly interior of the island .
Most local inhabitants live in the hilly interior of the island.
Local initiatives are more likely to be effective when supported through global efforts.
Local initiatives are often best.
Local initiatives come up against a variety of structural obstacles.
Local initiatives try to controll the problem.
Local injuries involve the area of the body in contact with the chemical.
Local inns offer a charming change of pace for a night's stay.
Local inns offer enticing ski and golf packages to suit any and all travel plans.
Local input can inform state-public policy in educational training.
Local input is absolutely necessary to a sound system.
Local input is encouraged.
Local input is important and necessary, but only if done in a way that helps the process.
Local input is important to sound decision making and public acceptance.
Local input is important.
Local input is sought to identify the most pressing health-care access challenges in the community.
More local input is needed to WUMP and other projects of the watershed.
Local inspections assure structural safety and safety from fire hazards.
Local inspectors check compliance to ensure natural resource conservation on development sites.
Local installation is available by our certified technicians .
Local installation leads to significantly better performance on modem connections.
Local institutions have an agreement for first right of refusal.
Local institutions offer a wide variety of financial assistance.
Many local institutions lack the required resource base.
Local Instructions Take the very first exit from the roundabout.
Local instructors are available in many areas.
Local instructors demonstrate ways to coordinate the exhibition with classroom curriculum.
Local instructors teach most courses, and students are encouraged to use German at all times.
Local intelligence is evaluated to determine the executive's level of vulnerability.
Local interactions dominate folding in a simple protein model.
Local interest is crucial to keeping the site clean.
Local interests advertise for outsiders to participate in great sports fishing.
Local interfaces provide all sorts of benefits and headaches that are discussed below.
Local interfaces provide an appealing new aspect to developers.
Local internships require involvement in ministry reflection groups.
Local invasion is highly related to distant spread.
Most local inventors elect to file a provisional application in the first instance.
Local inventories make for prompt deliveries on a wide range of material.
Local investigations indicate that cold chicken sandwich was the most likely vehicle of infection.
Local investment requires an intensive understanding of global economic and market trends.
Local investors bring equity and can help with local issues.
Local investors fear such instability that allows terrorists to kill and injure without justice.
Local investors pool resources and go through necessary regulatory procedures to get a bank charter.
Local involvement is an essential part of water quality programs.
Local involvement is critical to successful implementation of group decisions.
Local involvement is limited and is left to the initiative of the clerk.
Local involvement is very important.
Local irregularities are a very important means to influence both the tone quality and the tuning.
Local irritation can be a side-effect.
Local irritation is the major side effect of topical vitamin D analogues.
Local isomorphism is stable under base extension.
Local issues are a factor in each state.
Local issues are best.
Local issues are extensive covered as well as sports.
Local issues are no longer local issues thanks to the Internet.
Local issues are of prime importance.
Local items can make perfect souvenirs of a wonderful adventure in Bellingham.
Local jammers blend bluegrass, blues, country, folk, swing and rock.
Local jobs help to reduce commuting.
Many local jobs originate here.
Local journalists face especially difficult challenges.
Local journalists fill a void by exposing the worst abuses.
Local journalists say it is too early to assess their effectiveness.
Local journalists teach PR students about news ethics.
Local judges assign the court-appointed lawyers.
Local judges preside over and judge the matches.
Local judgement is often necessary where elevations differ within a city or town.
Local jurisdictions are free to adopt any criteria they choose for other residential construction.
Local jurisdictions are interested in improved coordination and some degree of system integration.
Local jurisdictions are responsible for enforcing any locally adopted codes.
Local jurisdictions can adopt and enforce different codes.
Local jurisdictions have certain limited options when it comes to dealing with gambling activity.
Local jurisdictions have similar problems.
Local jurisdictions have very few options.
Local jurisdictions hold public hearings to identify and prioritize transportation needs.
Local jurisdictions match the federal contribution.
Local jurisdictions vary in their definitions and requirements.
All local jurisdictions receive a share of the revenue, and can use it for any purpose.
Many local jurisdictions grant vendor s fees as well.
Many local jurisdictions have regulations for rainwater harvesting.
Many local jurisdictions offer tips on how to conserve water.
Some local jurisdictions have policies forbidding or discouraging the use of aquatic herbicides.
Local kennels are available for pet boarding.
Local kennels are available.
Local kennels located outside the threatened area usually fill quickly.
Local kennels offer boarding, grooming and exercising service.
Local kid strikes gold.
Local kids are out of school, and their parents are done with shopping.
Local kids bring eggs along in a nylon stocking to drop down into the hole.
Local kids can enroll in the program for no charge, and so can teachers from local schools.
Local kids come by and gawk.
Local kids love basketball.
Local kids love the new style.
Local kids play the town's big stages on the off nights.
Local kids seem to be born on skis.
Some local kids throw bottles.
Local kindergartens participate in our school experience activities throughout the year.
Local knowledge can avoid many of the basic mistakes which can later prove costly to rectify.
Local knowledge can be a form of bioregional knowledge.
Local knowledge can help avoid problems.
Local knowledge can mean at least four or five extra strokes here.
Local knowledge can only remain artifact or curiosity until it is brought home.
Local knowledge does help.
Local knowledge has a large part to play in referred business.
Local knowledge held by active residents plays a crucial role in reaching sound public decisions.
Local knowledge is a powerful thing, so is loyalty to home waters.
Local knowledge is a significant advantage.
Local knowledge is essential.
Local knowledge is even scarcer.
Local knowledge is founded upon years of experience, interaction, and trust.
Local knowledge is given validity.
Local knowledge is important.
Local knowledge is instrumental in creating a first class safari.
Local knowledge is needed.
Local knowledge is one of the keys to consistently catching trout in Tasmania.
Local knowledge is paramount here.
Local knowledge is paramount.
Local knowledge is present wherever there is a community, in both rural and urban environments.
Local knowledge is real and critically important.
Local knowledge is rewarded.
Local knowledge is sometimes essential as the race course can be some miles from habitation.
Local knowledge is the only way to stay on the route.
Local knowledge serves as the foundation into which improvements are gradually incorporated.
Some local knowledge is an asset.
Some local knowledge is needed upstream from there.
Local labs do have tests available for evaluating mycotoxins in feed.
Most local labels have yet to do much selling of music directly as digital files.
Local laboratories can make extra copies of the same image.
Local laboratories send their data to state labs and request searches.
Local laborers are less and less interested in working the seasonal hours.
Local lakes are easily accessible.
Local lakes have game fishing and water sports.
Local lakes pose hidden dangers.
Local landfills have a limited life.
Local landlords designate units to the program at reduced rent.
Some local landlords notify the office when they have vacancies.
Local landmarks appear as snapshots.
Many local landmarks attract visitors from all over the world.
Local landowners are willing to get in line to secure a supply of the tiny black insects.
Local landowners post their property against trespassing.
Some local landscapers advertise that they recycle yard waste.
Local language is French.
Local languages serve to protect local resources against outside intrusion.
Any local language is useful for getting to know people.
Many local languages are still important in many areas, however.
Local law allows private connections to be made to any undeveloped land in the city.
Local law bans nudity.
Local law prevents the use of the horn, and it seems to be the only law everyone obeys.
Local law prohibits disclosure of the names of the men in custody.
Local law prohibits the sale of alcoholic beverages.
Local law recognizes joint tenancy with right of survivorship.
Local law requires that headlights be turned on while driving during the day as well as at night.
Local laws apply to the theft of pets.
Local laws are very strict regarding the purchase and sale of illegal drugs.
Local laws assure complete confidentiality of banking and financial records.
Local laws prohibit acquiring or keeping such animals as pets.
Local laws prohibit viewing pornography in public places, such as the library.
Local laws require drivers and passengers to wear seat belts and motorcyclists to wear helmets.
Local laws vary.
All local laws apply.
Local lawmakers have a successful year.
Local lawyers seem to like it as well.
Local lawyers take advantage of our law library .
Local leaders agree.
Local leaders are also in charge of maintaining security around the buildings.
Local leaders are futurists.
Local leaders are overwhelmed.
Local leaders can educate and involve the membership in the achievement of the local's goals.
Local leaders can help to inform and educate voters in the last days before the election.
Local leaders concede that some damage has already been done.
Local leaders determine needs by consulting with the individual or family.
Local leaders have to learn how to understand plant budgets.
Local leaders implement approaches.
Local leaders know the social, political, and physical landscape.
Local leaders organize and agree to work together toward achieving common goals.
Local leaders pledge cooperation.
Local leaders recruit, disciple, and organize a group of Christian men to be table hosts.
Local leaders scoff at the new numbers.
Local leaders take a fresh look at technology and tomorrow's government.
Many local leaders say that's why it's time to turn up the heat on cigarette advertising.
Many local leaders work diligently to bring the tools to their communities.
Most local leaders implement approaches.
Local leadership can then seek assistance from the state, realizing the state has limited resources.
Local leadership depends on effective management and community involvement.
Local leadership determines the outcome.
Local leadership has an impact on the social development of any community.
Local leadership is a prerequisite to community economic development.
Local leadership is essential to overcoming the obstacles to a more secure and prosperous future.
Local leadership is required to bring the region up the pack.
Local leagues are the key to increasing participation, and that message is now clear.
Some local leagues change rules to accommodate facilities.
Local legal aid societies offer legal services.
Local legal aid societies offer services.
Local legend attributes the markings to the Vikings.
Local legend has it hat there is still a pirate's treasure hidden somewhere on the islands.
Local legend has it that Cedar Island has a connection to the famed Lost Colony of Roanoke.
Local legend has it that it is also home to a ghost and buried treasure.
Local legend has it that it was so narrow at one point that an ox got stuck on the way to market .
Local legend has it that maned wolves can kill chickens with a stare.
Local legend has it that the boundary was set with a contest.
Local legend has it that the house contains only one knothole.
Local legend has it that the souls of the dead go to the lakes.
Local legend says it was a smugglers castle, linked by a tunnel to a cave on the shoreline.
Local legend says that a tunnel at the bottom of the lake connects it with the sea.
Local legend says that Fr.
Local legend says that the organ was actually finished and shipped, but was lost at sea.
Local legend tells of a family who parked their rental van next to the blow hole.
Local legend tells of a ghost in residence.
Local legend tells that nymphs of the heavenly emperor descended at night to bath here.
Local legends suggest the bones are the remains of Cambodian royalty.
Local legislators are concerned with local voters.
Local legislators concur.
Local legislators decide who gets the money, leading to charges that it's pure political pork.
Local legislators discuss recent session in light of county platform.
Local legislators say they still have clout.
Local legislatures are busy in session, so now is a good time to get active.
Local lenders can offer a number of loan packages.
Local lenders handle all loan administration.
Local level gives opportunity to explore the levels don t do at state level.
Local levies are due at the beginning of the year.
Local liberals flinch.
Local librarians can help readers locate the nearest ERIC microfiche collection.
Local librarians can then prepare for the students by knowing about the topic in advance.
Local librarians receive a copy of the teacher's research assignment via email.
Some local librarians help copies.
Local libraries apply for LSTA funds through their state library agency.
Local libraries are a good place to find out about local clubs and groups.
Local libraries are a good source of books on the blues.
Local libraries are a great resource to consult when researching local history.
Local libraries are a huge resource for homeless people.
Local libraries are a most valuable resource to the genealogist.
Local libraries are also a good source of information.
Local libraries are also good resources for identifying potential financial aid.
Local libraries are an excellent source of journal literature.
Local libraries are another good source for state-specific licensing information.
Local libraries are available for research.
Local libraries are now a good source of books on the subject.
Local libraries are places where public policy ultimately affects the library user.
Local libraries can also supply the web access and printing capabilities in most communities.
Local libraries can be an excellent source of information.
Local libraries can be valuable resources.
Local libraries can establish small information repositories for community groups.
Local libraries have a responsibility to pay for the continuing education of their staffs.
Local libraries have a wealth of information.
Local libraries have art books and magazines to browse.
Local libraries have back issues of the magazine to review.
Local libraries have excellent suggestions for pleasure reading.
Local libraries have internet access at low or nil cost.
Local libraries have limited resources.
Local libraries have microfilm copies of the newspaper available for searching.
Local libraries have no info.
Local libraries have popular computer magazines.
Local libraries have reference sections that offer data and information useful to businesses.
Local libraries have to do little, if any, processing.
Local libraries involve community partners to help with outreach efforts.
Local libraries offer access, as do universities, print and copy stores, work.
Local libraries offer extensive collections of college planning information.
Local libraries offer programs for children that teach while entertaining.
Local libraries provide most of the service, and their municipalities provide most of the funding.
Local Libraries Use local libraries before contacting distant libraries.
Local library has a lot of genealogy information.
Many local libraries accept donations of books to commemorate a special occasion.
Many local libraries are in the process of upgrading their computers to provide Internet access.
Many local libraries have a grant writing section.
Many local libraries have books or video tapes about going to the hospital or doctor's office.
Many local libraries have genealogical books.
Many local libraries have listings or files of individuals buried in cemeteries.
Many local libraries host puppet shows, author readings, and craft classes.
Many local libraries offer a comprehensive list of local and national scholarships.
Most local libraries are now able to offer Internet access.
Most local libraries contain business directories full of meetings, contacts, and events.
Most local libraries have fax machines available .
Most local libraries have free internet access.
Most local libraries have online facilities for the community to use.
Most local libraries have summer book clubs and special reading activities for children.
Most local libraries have unique resources available in no other place.
Most local libraries offer home-bound services.
Most local libraries provide systems with internet access.
Some local libraries offer patrons a choice of filtered and unfiltered computers.
Local lights are more aggravating but easier to defeat.
Local lights are noticeably more expensive than infinite lights.
Local lighting is designed for specific tasks, such as reading, cooking and sewing.
Local limits apply to all who discharge industrial wastewater to King County's sewerage system.
Local links are in bold type .
Local links are nice.
Local links are of great importance too.
Local Links Find out about the area, school info, maps and more.
Local Links Get local weather, news and links to local organizations.
Local links help with long-distance online shopping.
All local links are inactive.
Some local links are below.
Local listeners can tune in via the Internet.
Local listings are limited, but the big networks are there.
Local Listings View the full grid for complete, localized listings and program descriptions.
Local literati bemoan their own reliance on positioning, nepotism, and name-dropping.
Local loading can allow more customization and easy changing of installation and setup options.
Local lodges are independent bodies that conduct their own affairs.
Some local lodges have their own scholarship programs.
Local lodging is available.
Local loop add-on really bumps the price.
Local loops use copper-based telephone wire.
Local lore has it that the irregular layout corresponded to a map of the town.
Local lore holds that the building once housed sleeping rooms for cotton mill workers.
Local lore reports that the lighthouse is home to a ghost.
Local lore says the blacker the worm, the colder the winter.
Local lore spins haunting legends.
Local lore suggests that the barn roof was finished the day the Civil War ended.
Local LUGs can make that happen.
Local lumber is used with the best quality and type carefully chosen for all parts involved.
Local lumberyards can be a source for recommendations.
Local lumberyards carry mostly softwoods and plywoods.
Local mahogany is used throughout.
Local mail is dispatched to the appropriate mailboxes by the router daemon.
Local mail is trucked to letter carrier depots.
Most local males carry machetes.
Local man goes fishing in Colorado.
Local man march off to war.
Local men act as guides.
Local men fashion the rockets, stuffing bamboo shoots with homemade gunpowder.
Local men wait for a bus in the Blue Mountains.
Local men watch a motorcycle parked outside a business.
Some local men oppose the competition.
Local management is responsible for funding and ordering reprints.
Local managers have discretion and are free from specific outside requirements.
Local managers have great flexibility to grow their markets within broad guidelines.
Local managers report that Elk River has been a good market.
Many local managers serve on boards and committees.
Local manufacturers are currently unable to meet the demand.
Local manufacturers continue to generally dominate the skin care cosmetic market.
Local manufacturers save money on their disposal costs and receive tax benefits .
Some local manufacturers use European equipment and technology to make their products.
Local manufacturing is under discussion.
Local maps are also available.
Local maps are available upon request for a detailed outline of our licensed areas.
Local maps are in the lodges, and for the more adventurous, books and maps are available on site.
All local maps share a common set of options.
All local maps share a common set of point options.
Local marina located mile from park has food and supplies.
Local marinas are very interested in employing our graduates.
Local marinas carry fuel and boating supplies, and offer dockage and dry storage.
Local marinas provide mooring for an array of pleasure craft.
Local marinas provide the boat owner with sales and service for all their needs.
Local marinas rent various sport and pleasure boats, and parasailing is available.
Local mariners say they have never witnessed such quantities of ice along the coast before.
Local markets are also well worth visiting.
Local markets are another choice.
Local markets are nearby as are dozens of stalls full of handicrafts.
Local markets are the most interesting and picturesque places to purchase handicrafts.
Local markets can also provide valuable plant genetic resources.
Local markets decline in drought and during periods of high feed prices.
Local markets determine wages.
Local markets have different prices on goods.
Local markets have fresh bluefin tuna during the summer.
Local markets have to compete in the global market, and it is unforgiving.
Local markets provide excellent market opportunity.
Local markets provide excellent opportunity.
Local markets provide market opportunity.
Local markets provide opportunity.
Every local market has mega-agents and brokers.
Many local markets have great bargains.
Most local markets have vacancy rates which change over time.
Most local markets open either very early in the morning or at dusk.
Most local markets provide excellent market opportunity.
Most local markets provide excellent opportunity.
Most local markets provide market opportunity.
Most local markets provide opportunity.
Some local markets are always cold to refis, while others get red hot.
Local masons supervise and teach the Amizade volunteers on every part of the project.
Local masons work to rebuild a hieroglphic text.
Local massage can increase the speed of absorption.
Local match is required for the extended-day funding.
Local match is required.
Local material cited above has abundant androecia and gynoecia.
Local material is also to be kept at the other libraries, according to established guidelines.
Local material is scarce.
Local material means a cheaper product.
Local material varies greatly in it's taste, from quite good to very poor.
Local maxima are darker blue and minima are uncolored.
Local mayors are some of the strongest supporters of local control over planning decisions.
Local mead is said to be good.
Local meals are readily available otherwise.
Local measures appear to be of little value.
Local measures are more actionable, and employees have a better understanding of their importance.
Local measures consist in the use of enemas and suppositories.
Local measures use more conservative criteria.
Local mechanics can repair the machine and repairs can be paid out of operating costs.
Some local mechanics suspect the gasoline has been tainted with fuel oil.
Local mechanisms can accommodate quality assurance of degree classifications.
Local media advise residents to increase fluid intake and decrease physical activity.
Local media advise the public when dangerous conditions no longer exist.
Local media are different from national media.
Local media are especially sensitive to major advertisers such as realtors and car dealers.
Local media are in a frenzy trying to figure out what is happening and why.
Local media are interested in the local angle - how the story can be tied back to the community.
Local media are very good at quickly spreading the word in an emergency.
Local media assist by highlighting industry.
Local media can follow the nomination process.
Local media can help publicize the program and stimulate volunteer interest and donations.
Local media can play a very important role.
Local media copy the idea.
Local media cover the event and local businesses sponsor prizes.
Local media have print space and airtime to fill every day.
Local media is often receptive to helping publicize an issue.
Local media is universally supportive.
Local media love it.
Local media provide varying amounts of coverage.
Local media publish school events.
Local media remain the other side of the coin of personal promotion.
Local media reports the sit-in.
Local Media Take an editor to lunch.
All local media is controlled by the state.
All local media make a strong commitment to deliver important information at no cost to the donor.
Local meeting are fun and educational.
Local meetings are where decisions are made concerning the local as a whole.
Local meetings center around relevant topics in education and teaching.
Local meetings offer more opportunities to trade packs and exchange information with fellow members.
Local meetings provide a support network and a sense of belonging.
Local members are usually willing to share their knowledge and experience.
Local members are volunteers in the library.
Local members are, however, urged to accept the responsibility of citizenship in their own country.
Local members can call themselves by another name.
Local members contribute funds, too, but at a lower rate than the government.
Local members determine the activities for each Chapter.
Local members receive training and present educational programs.
Local members welcome.
All local members are automatically members of the international organization.
Local membership are through invitations and recommendations.
Local membership is as educationally and personally valuable as national membership.
Local membership is open to any student who desires to join the organization.
Local memberships are available.
Local memory indicates the crop was generally irrigated artichokes and Brussels sprouts.
Local memory indicates the crop was generally irrigated artichokes.
All local memories are private and accessible only by local processors.
Local merchants are very happy with the theater's impact.
Local merchants ask the city council to reconsider and approve streetlights on posts.
Local merchants can be a good source for boxes.
Local merchants can provide gifts to reward volunteers.
Local merchants depart throughout the day at unspecified times.
Local merchants donate prizes.
Local merchants give sponsor's choice awards to the drivers of their favorite cars.
Local merchants go to Europe or go into bankruptcy.
Local merchants have entry forms.
Local merchants make discounts available for employees who give at least an hour's pay per month.
Local merchants offer colorful sidewalk displays and special bargains downtown as well.
Local merchants offer specialized goods and services.
Local merchants offer the personal touch that is missing online.
Local merchants offer to help build a port to escape the jungle.
Local merchants provide a variety of necessities.
Local merchants provide clothing and shoes, much of it new.
Local merchants provide general merchandise and services.
Local merchants provide general services.
Local merchants provide many goods for the runners.
Local merchants sell everything imaginable, browsing is free.
Local merchants sell sandbags for public use.
Local merchants sell their goods in a Saigon market.
Local merchants sell their wares and services along the beach in seaside shops.
Local merchants sell their wares at bargain basement prices alongside omnipresent food kiosks.
Local merchants set up provisional stands outside the cemetery gates to sell food and drinks.
Many local merchants cater to students.
Local messages are generally free apart from the cost of a brief local phone call.
Local metabolites dilate skeletal muscle blood vessels.
Local metamorphism happens at a much smaller level, usually from nearby igneous intrusions.
Local meteorologists are noted for saying, it s cooler by the lake.
Local methods introduce limit error problems.
Local methods use a measure of similarity around each image point to match symmetric point pairs.
Local midnight is usually the best time to look for auroras.
Local migrations are shown by the Norway, or brown, rat and certain meadow mice.
Local militias meet now, in private places, away from public attention.
Local milk is usually unreliable.
Local millers have a close working relationships with the French wheat industry.
All local ministers are welcome to write columns.
Local mirror is here.
Local mission pays transportation and storage.
Local mode is useful for testing purposes.
Local models can include a subset of layers in regional models.
Local modifications are allowable.
Local money can obviously use the same systems.
Local money helps keep people working.
Local money is taxable.
More local money is available to purchase local products and services.
Local monks perform a blessing ceremony for every expedition.
Local monopolies are more common than national or international monopolies.
Local moorings are available free.
Local mosques are an easy way to track Andalusian influence in Tunisian towns.
Local motels offer all inclusive packages for students of the campus as well.
Local mother lives model life.
Local mothers form teams that provide help and friendship to each other.
Local motivation becomes more a function of local circumstances than the distant commitment.
Local mountains are within easy reach offering hiking and winter snow-skiing opportunities.
Local mountains are within easy reach, offering hiking and winter snow-skiing opportunities.
Local mountains offer winter skiing and summer hiking, biking and exploring.
Local mountains teach a lot of beginners.
Local moves are our specialty.
Every local move has travel time.
Local movements are determined by food availability and the avoidance of waterlogged areas.
Local movements are likely in response to environmental conditions or food availability.
Local muggers gather in the parking lot waiting for class to end.
Local multiplication precedes the viremia and spread to the reticuloendothelial system.
Local municipalities can best use the funds that can be provided under the plan.
Local municipalities can establish obsolete property rehabilitation districts under the bills.
Local municipalities manage municipal roads.
Local municipalities offer a number of cultural and recreational facilities for all ages.
Local municipalities provide sewer and water services to their residents.
Local municipalities regulate fencing requirements, which are outlined in state statutes.
Some local municipalities give community block grants, as well.
Local museums are always interesting, and skiing and golf are close by.
Local museums detail much of that history.
Local museums focus on that heritage.
Local museums illuminate the past.
Local museums make art, science, and history come to life.
Local museums offer a range of programs for the culturally inclined.
Local museums serve as working laboratories for examining the working process.
All local museums have a community archive.
Local mushers give free sled dog rides.
Local music is aired extensively interspersed with public service announcements.
Local music is featured throughout the piece.
Local music is hot, too, and is featured at many bars and restaurants.
Local music is one of the most available forms of that.
Local music is well supported.
Local music rules the streets once again in Hartford's biggest ever music festival.
Local musicians are popular in the main towns.
Local musicians can rent the studio for their recording projects.
Local musicians deserve more attention, they make great music.
Local musicians give concerts before classic movies.
Local musicians keep playing for the same reason bad golfers keep playing.
Local musicians know about struggling.
Local musicians leave in search of fame and fortune.
Local musicians love to play here because of the intimate feel and friendly bar management.
Local musicians perform a wide variety of music.
Local musicians perform early.
Local musicians perform with parish members and other persons attending the dedication.
Local musicians play acoustic music.
Local musicians play music.
Local musicians play nightly.
Local musicians play on the patio.
Local musicians provide music, and a local caterer offers themed hors d' oeuvres.
Local musicians share the stage for a tribute to the elder statesmen of Atlanta blues.
Most local musicians play acoustic music.
Most local musicians play music.
Some local musicians disagree.
Local name means blood, coming down, tower.
Local names are bindings between an element name and a type scoped to a parent type.
Local names are integers.
Local names can refer to local files or be attached to remote files.
Local names have meaning only in the program unit in which they are declared.
Local names make news.
Local names rise from the mists like dreams from the past.
Local naturalists observe birds during migration.
Local navigation can take a number of forms.
Local navigation enables the audience to move quickly through a specific section of the site.
Local necrosis is exceptional.
Local needs dictate program availability.
Local needs differ from one place to the other according to special features of each area.
Local needs differ, employment rates differ, unemployment rates differ.
Local negotiations are unlikely to occur witout a strong, well organised, national Indigenous voice.
Local neighborhood has nineteenth century ambiance.
Local networks are best.
Local networks are good .
Local networks have different tradeoffs.
Local networks help employers to better access qualified, talented employees with disabilities.
Local networks lack consistency in software and services.
Local networks offer opportunities to meet people nearby with similar interests.
Local networks tend to be set up by someone taking the initiative to set up fundamentals classes.
Local neurons are able to be stimulated virtually anywhere rather than just the dendrites or soma.
Local neurons are rather odd.
Local news allows personal communication and announcements keyed to location.
Local news comes first with nine daily local news broadcasts.
Local news is acceptable as long as there is an element to the story which has national appeal.
Local news is all about the upcoming season.
Local news is almost exclusively about tragedies and scandals.
Local news is an important part of our programming mix, too.
Local news is broadcast locally and simultaneously encoded and transmitted to other sites.
Local news is broadcast several times a day on the hour.
Local news is covered by our two-person news department.
Local news is covered throughout the morning.
Local news is covered with meticulous attention to detail.
Local news is increasingly hard to find on commercial radio.
Local news is key to attracting and retaining readers.
Local news is labor-intensive.
Local news is one of life's necessities.
Local news is our reason for being.
Local news is shot using very portable hand-held video cameras and recorders.
Local news is supplied by local newspapers and local television stations.
Local news is the disease.
Local news receives the main coverage, but national news is covered too.
Local news seems to be moving in the wrong direction.
Local news shows wrap their promos in ribbons and flags.
More local news is the secret.
Most local news is pathetic and getting worse.
Local newscasts are even worse.
Local newscasts are terrible.
Local newscasts happen in the early morning hours, early evening and late night.
Most local newscasts report several minutes of college football each evening throughout the season.
Local newspaper adds.
Local newspaper advertises programs.
Local newspaper offer a wealth of information and insight into the lives of our ancestors.
Local newspaper supports troglodyte political candidates who speak in guttural sentence fragments.
Local newspapers announce the date and location of the first meeting each year.
Local newspapers are a good source for listings.
Local newspapers are a good source of information.
Local newspapers are also a good source of information about off-campus housing.
Local newspapers are also a good source to find vacancies.
Local newspapers are also an important archive of information on the past.
Local newspapers are also an important source of information.
Local newspapers are also helpful.
Local newspapers are an excellent source for company information.
Local newspapers are an excellent source.
Local newspapers are an ideal source for identifying the business trends and market opportunities.
Local newspapers are another good resource for off-campus housing.
Local newspapers are another rich source of vacancies.
Local newspapers are another source of employment information.
Local newspapers are interesting reads.
Local newspapers are often a simple and easy source for information about local housing and costs.
Local newspapers are the best bet.
Local newspapers are the best source of information to find out what is going on.
Local newspapers are useful for local information or events.
Local newspapers attempt to do it when they print a list with the candidates whom they endorse.
Local newspapers can also provide valuable information.
Local newspapers carry want ads in their classified sections.
Local newspapers cover the news.
Local newspapers determine, usually by volume of traded shares, which securities to list.
Local newspapers feature the students and their work in front-page stories.
Local newspapers get advertising money from the local hospices.
Local newspapers like to feature local individuals doing interesting things.
Local newspapers print special supplements for larger events.
Local newspapers print the schedules.
Local newspapers publish voting locations before each election.
Local newspapers report the results.
Many local newspapers have solid business news sections.
Many local newspapers provide opportunities to recognize volunteers.
Many local newspapers provide space for community announcements.
Most local newspapers are in English and international periodicals are available in major areas.
Most local newspapers carry ads for private accommodation within their circulation area.
Most local newspapers carry several pages of business news.
Most local newspapers offer very reasonable advertising rates.
Most local newspapers provide the times for sunrise and sunset.
Some local newspapers are on the Web, and even have their job classifieds listed online.
Some local newspapers make announcements about local students who win scholarships.
Some local newspapers publish meeting notices at no charge.
Local nodes keep concise alarm status information for each node within their domain.
Local noise shows light blue on the left side of the diagram.
Local nomads are often willing to allow foreigners to hire their horses for short periods of time.
Local nonprofits tell a different story.
Local noon is at the top.
Local noon is indicated by a white triangle at the top of each panel.
Local norms differ from global norms, whether used by native speakers or non-native speakers.
Local notes are available.
Local numbers are available for internet dial-up service.
Local numbers are grimmer.
Local numbers contain seven digits.
Local nurse joins organization in helping children around the world.
Local nurseries are well aware of the problem of deer feasting in homeowners' gardens.
Local nurseries contribute to sale.
Local nurseries have plants.
Local nurseries offer an ever-expanding array of tomatoes.
Local nurseries stock a wide range of native species.
Many local nurseries carry plants that make good wildlife habitat.
Many local nurseries carry some California native plants.
Most local nurseries have plants.
Local nurserymen obtain bare-root stock and pot prior to spring sale.
Local objects are always private to the remote object they are created in.
Local objects are by copy, and remote objects are by reference.
Local objects are fully scaleable to a three-tier configuration with no source code changes.
Local objects have a standard internal structure that makes it easier to reuse code components.
Local observations can only measure the geometry of the universe.
Local observers report that there is no eruption in progress.
Local observers say much of the tension has more to do with misperceptions than reality.
Local observers say the company was also crippled by difficulties paying claims.
Local office is the second driveway on the right.
Local office offers payroll service to small business.
Local offices are at the county level and utilize both in-house and contracted service providers.
Local offices are for individual cases or legislation affecting the home district.
Local offices are in Connecticut, Maine and Massachusetts.
Local offices are in major Ukrainian cities.
Local offices are responsible for determining eligibility and making assistance benefit payments.
Local offices broaden the union presence countrywide.
Local offices can use to provide polling place information to callers.
Local offices handle cargo originated in the area.
Local offices have control of their advertising budgets.
Local offices have instruction.
Local offices have state-specific information about cancer and employment discrimination.
Local offices offer advice.
Local offices provide complete travel assistance.
Local offices throughtout Chile actively help expand and consolidate the export base.
All local offices are nonpartisan and candidates run without party affiliation noted on the ballot.
All local offices report financial information for each campaign to our home office.
Most local offices are nonpartisan, but local, nonpartisan office is important.
Most local offices have instruction.
Most local offices offer advice.
Local officers countywide also are on a heightened state of alert.
Local officers serve two year terms.
Most local officers are delighted to have the help.
Local officials affect daily life much more than presidents do.
Local officials agree that both sides are benefiting from the relationship so far.
Local officials agree that the problem is considerable, and growing.
Local officials agree that the stakes are high.
Local officials agree.
Local officials are accustomed to working with companies to see that their needs are being met.
Local officials are also concerned about the increased traffic following recent railroad mergers.
Local officials are concerned over state assessments on wooded parcels in the town.
Local officials are equally angry.
Local officials are excited about both the global purpose and the local impact.
Local officials are more responsive to constituent input than state or federal officials.
Local officials are often politically ambitious.
Local officials are pleased by the bill's introduction.
Local officials are pretty much hamstrung by the formulas and mandatory funding needs.
Local officials are skeptical.
Local officials are sympathetic.
Local officials are the best persons able to assess potential danger.
Local officials are therefore field checking the highlands in question.
Local officials are thrilled.
Local officials are to be used.
Local officials are under a federal edict to clean up the air.
Local officials are unwilling to predict that the worst has passed.
Local officials are well aware of how sprawl registers nationally and with their constituents.
Local officials are workers.
Local officials assess property value, set tax rates and collect the taxes.
Local officials believe it is one's life work to make the commitment to make the community better.
Local officials believe that the expansion is worth setting up the Enterprise Zone.
Local officials believe there was a serious undercount.
Local officials blame the massacre on a large sized dog.
Local officials can also count on information.
Local officials can also enforce leash laws and crack down on dog fighting, according to the study.
Local officials can come at any time.
Local officials can encourage local corporations to support community development projects.
Local officials can help also.
Local officials claim the company's refusal to run their ads violates their First Amendment rights.
Local officials deny that any such incidents have occurred.
Local officials don t want to be forced into using technologies.
Local officials enforce any zoning codes in effect.
Local officials expect to determine a course within the next few weeks.
Local officials expect to fill service gaps.
Local officials face increasingly complex problems.
Local officials get a head start on the details of renovation at minimal cost.
Local officials have a great interest in exploring shared programs.
Local officials have a history of cracking down on Orlando's burgeoning dance-club scene.
Local officials have an opportunity to voice their opposition to the rule.
Local officials have discretion as to whether to post beaches.
Local officials have the authority to close roads and bridges and initiate curfews.
Local officials have to cope with a balancing act.
Local officials hope to erase that image in coming years.
Local officials hope to get federal help to build highway overpasses.
Local officials hope to see a change from job loss to job creation.
Local officials indicate flooding closed numerous roads in the affected area.
Local officials insist that most citizens support the plan.
Local officials know best the needs of their communities.
Local officials know it.
Local officials know local conditions best.
Local officials know the retrofitting methods that meet state and local government requirements.
Local officials lack the resources for a mass evacuation.
Local officials live in close proximity to, and interact with, individuals subject to local taxes.
Local officials make the decision to open shelters based on the community needs during an event.
Local officials make the decision to open shelters based on the community's needs during an event.
Local officials plan to attend the ceremony.
Local officials report all displaced persons have returned to their homes.
Local officials report everyone has power, food and is receiving water and medical care.
Local officials report extensive damage to homes, businesses, roads and bridges.
Local officials report flooded roads and related damage in several counties.
Local officials report flooding continues in the Miami, Okla. area.
Local officials report mandatory evacuations have been ordered.
Local officials report most of the damage is to roads in affected areas.
Local officials report one fatality due to a tree falling on a car.
Local officials report several hundred traffic accidents and three fatalities related to the storm.
Local officials report some degree of roof damage, downed trees and power lines in several counties.
Local officials report some secondary roads in Rutherford County are closed due to standing water.
Local officials report that no deaths or injuries are associated with the storm.
Local officials report that such benefits outweigh the financial costs of emissions reduction.
Local officials say a barn was destroyed and the roof of a house was torn off.
Local officials say a lack of markets for secondhand hardware and software is the prime reason.
Local officials say conditions are appalling.
Local officials say D.C.'s health standards are among the worst in the nation.
Local officials say it's frustrating to be left out of the process.
Local officials say one man had been shot in the head, the other in the heart.
Local officials say that at least two government soldiers have been killed and several wounded.
Local officials say that trend means fewer qualified people overall.
Local officials say the captors have sliced through army lines with all or some of their captives.
Local officials say the Midwest is in no danger of being invaded by O.J.-style justice.
Local officials say the numbers are higher.
Local officials say the property is excellent for manufacturing.
Local officials say the strike is threatening preparations for the pope's upcoming visit.
Local officials say they are reluctant to enforce zoning rules for fear of displacing poor families.
Local officials say they are tired of breaking in new reporters after getting used to the old ones.
Local officials say they are trying to plan for the additional, inevitable growth.
Local officials say they have no records of red wolves becoming aggressive with people.
Local officials say they try to comply with it.
Local officials say they've already had interest in it from companies nationwide.
Local officials serve mostly as volunteers.
Local officials tell a different story.
Local officials think so.
Local officials use data from the system to calculate their diversion rates.
Local officials use good schools to lure new businesses.
Local officials use the maps to plan evacuation routes and guide zoning decisions.
Local officials welcome the news.
Local officials wish to convert the chapel into a center interpreting the city's history.
Many local officials balk at providing information .
Many local officials balk at providing information.
Many local officials feel overwhelmed at times by the regulations.
Some local officials agree.
Some local officials are skeptical that enough regional demand exists for the service.
Some local officials describe discoveries.
Some local officials have their doubts.
Some local officials prepare for potential wildfires.
Some local officials prepare for wildfires.
Some local officials report presence.
Some local officials say the plan goes too far.
Local oil refineries hold oil.
Much local oil ends up at a refinery in Cushing, Okla., where it is primarily turned into gasoline.
Local ombudsmen work on behalf of residents in hundreds of communities throughout the country.
Local ones are available at public libraries and record offices.
Local ones require a lot of personal networking and contact as well as politics.
Local operas have their own peculiar characteristics.
Local operation features both scheduled and traffic responsive operation.
Local operation is available through the use of an optional control panel.
Local operations cover a nine-parish area.
Local operators buys into a franchise just like a hamburger joint.
Local operators can arrange birdwatching trips.
Local operators can brand the service with their own logo.
Local operators can readily obtain the necessary routing codes.
Local operators offer recreational opportunities such as dog mushing, snowmobiling and skiing.
Local operators say they are doing booming business.
Local operators use either longtails or larger, specially converted boats.
Some local operators organise one or two day tours for the more adventurous.
Local opinion differs as to which lake is the actual source of the river.
Local opinion is still skeptical.
Local opinions vary, but most favor a location just outside town, near the industrial park.
Local opportunities are available nationwide.
Local opportunities can run the gamut.
Local opportunities start directly below, followed by Summer trips and special events.
Many local opportunities are available.
Local opposition is vehement, and media-friendly stunts abound.
A local option is a self-determination
Local option prohibits the use of alcohol.
Local option prohibits use of alcohol.
Local options are there.
Local optometrist sends review appointment.
Local orchards are largely family owned and are an important community resource.
Local orchards provide marvelous fresh fruit from spring to fall.
Local ordinance prohibits animals on the beach.
Local ordinance requires that dog feces be removed immediately and disposed of in a sanitary manner.
Local ordinances adopt most state statues covering alcohol and possession of marijuana.
Local ordinances apply to such towers and antennae.
Local ordinances can sometimes be a deterrent to natural landscaping.
Local ordinances control the site of septic systems relative to wells and by soil types.
Local ordinances differ in scope and detail.
Local ordinances effecting forest management can have wide-ranging consequences.
Local ordinances prohibit grilling on decks and balconies.
Local ordinances regulate smoking in public places such as restaurants.
Local ordinances regulate subdivision, construction and permitted uses as well.
Local ordinances restrict smoking to outside the building.
Local ordinances specify when a building permit is needed.
Local ordinances vary widely.
Local ordinances vary.
Local ordinances void.
Many local ordinances require developers to protect and preserve trees where practicable.
Many local ordinances require proof of current vaccination to be on the dog's collar.
Some local ordinances forbid housing exotics.
Some local ordinances impose more stringent smoke detector requirements than state law.
Some local ordinances require other items to be recycled.
Local organisations cater for many interests.
Many local organisations are interested in exploring the development of their town.
Local organization is required to replace neo-feudalism.
Local organizations are often loosely organized entities, even if legally incorporated.
Local organizations are organizations.
Local organizations are the key.
Local organizations can assist districts in developing guides that explain the school budget.
Local organizations can participate by donation.
Local organizations can provide support, assistance, and collaboration.
Local organizations collect food and create a sculpture with the food collected.
Local organizations join in cooperative effort to support better services for mentally ill.
Local organizations offer support groups, social activities, education forums and public awareness.
Local organizations recommend spot improvements to the existing road instead of paving.
Local organizations sell ethnic food and offer information about their different heritages.
Local organizations sponsor and host festival events.
Local organizations tend to be informal.
Local organizations work in co-operation with the municipality in arranging events.
Any local organization counts on being able to book the library's public rooms.
Many local organizations are collaborators.
Many local organizations contribute to the feeling of community in Springfield.
Many local organizations cooperate to help integrate newcomers.
Many local organizations exist in each of the major producing provinces.
Many local organizations list programs of interest to our elder community.
Many local organizations maintain bulletin boards.
Many local organizations offer low-cost training classes.
Many local organizations publish newsletters.
Most local organizations offer training at little or no charge.
Some local organizations have copies of the records for their area.
Some local organizations have libraries with books and videos that members can borrow.
Some local organizations have their own pages.
Local organizers are interested in sending an Iowa delegation.
Local organizers find the place, set the date, the menu and the cost.
Local organizers think they have the answer.
A local oscillator is an oscillator
Local oscillators provide the most stable reference during short periods of time.
Local outfitters can provide canoes and car shuttles.
Local outfitters offer packages deals which include rafting, beginning kayaking or mountain biking.
Local outfitters provide guide service and rentals.
Local outfitters provide rentals and tours.
Local outfitters rent and sell snowshoes.
Many local outfitters offer a variety of jetboat and float trips.
Many local outfitters offer lessons, too.
Local outreach includes show, website, writing campaign and poster contest.
Local overpopulation leads to widespread disease and starvation.
Local owners give the area a neighborhood flavor.
Local owners have a large stake in the success and longevity of the enterprise.
Local owners live next door.
Local owners tend to purchase cheaper and more toxic products to increase profits.
Local ownership allows more flexibility in business policy.
Local ownership distinguishes electric cooperatives from many other utilities.
Local ownership is a key to better service.
Local ownership is a key.
Local ownership is an essential aspect of the company's growth and development.
Local ownership is another benefit to the business.
Local ownership is another piece of the mission.
Local ownership is critical.
Local ownership is crucial.
Local ownership is dependent on gate revenue and revenue production is dependent on playing games.
Local ownership is gone, localism in the way a radio station operates is gone.
Local ownership is gone.
Local ownership means local accountability, unlike giant private utilities.
Local ownership means local management and local decision making.
Local ownership reflects level of service and attention to detail.
Local paddlers are concerned about their lack of involvement in the decision making process.
Most local paddlers have little experience paddling in strong currents.
Most local paddlers refer to the bridge gauge.
Local pages are well signposted but after that they can lead virtually anywhere.
Local pages is one of the simplest and best.
Local pain is a common side effect of local treatment.
Local pain is felt and wrist mobility is often reduced whether in a bent or extended position.
Local paper checks out the league.
Local papers are also a good place to start.
Local papers are fine for local stories.
Local papers are harder to research.
Local papers are usually willing to publish scores from local high schools, club, and college teams.
Local papers like to have colorful photos and community service stories.
Local papers offer the best yield of potential renters.
Local papers see it as their responsibility to report on issues affecting people who read the paper.
Many local papers accept press releases from all companies announcing new company developments.
Many local papers are very interested in receiving story ideas profiling local citizens.
Many local papers offer special garage sale rates, or free signs to yard sale advertisers.
Many local papers publish the winning Lottery numbers.
Most local papers are eager for photographs and information about local residents.
Most local papers carry a list of pharmacy opening hours.
Most local papers have a listing for such events, and cable access channels also list local events.
Some local papers have weekly supplements.
Local paramedics can provide such trauma care with a minimum of resources.
Local paramedics muster at the station.
Local parameters determine the overall behavior of the high-level event.
Local parents are also pleased with the approved funding.
Local parents determine all goals, activities and regulations.
Some local parents feel the same way.
Local parishes call and hire their own clergy.
Local park offers swimming pool, a nine hole golf course and a playground.
Local park offers swimming pool, nine-hole golf course and playground.
Local parks are available for picnics and games.
Local parks are ideal for outings.
Local parks are plentiful and well-maintained.
Local parks can be important centers of neighborhood pride and unity.
Local parks contribute to the economic and emotional health of the region.
Local parks offer picnic shelters and park houses which are perfect for parties.
Local parks offer play and picnic areas.
Local parks play an important role in the quality of life for all California residents.
Local parks provide playgrounds and picnic areas.
Local parks provide safe places for kids to play.
Many local parks feature tennis facilities that are free and open to the public.
Many local parks have playgrounds, sport fields, or pools.
More local parliaments protest the new legislation alowing the import of nuclear waste.
Local participants can submit their registration directly to the local organisers.
Local participants define the region based on needs for information sharing and coordination.
Local participants do most of the legwork to locate the community s resources.
Local participants have a commuter option.
Local participants have an opportunity to review the existing census tracts before each census.
All local participants receive a certificate recognizing their literary efforts.
Local participation can have a very positive effect on existing forms of power.
Local participation is crucial.
Local participation is encouraged in all competitions.
Local participation is essential in shaping the program so as to fit the local situation.
Local participation is essential in shaping the program to fit local needs and capabilities.
Local participation is important for the effective use of development funds.
Local participation is limited only by the individual member's time and commitment.
Local participation is needed for proper administration.
Local participation is vital for implementation.
Local participation is welcome.
Local partners assist in stable operations.
Local partners can implement regional-scale watershed planning and implementation programs.
Local partners expect an arrangement where each cares for all and all care for each.
Local partners produce programs, run stations and handle operating costs.
Local partners represent a wide range of communities.
Local partnerships are key for U.S. portals in establishing an Internet presence.
Local partnerships compete for grants.
Local partnerships help people meet emergency and long-term needs.
Local passengers traveling to and from the hub are the backbone of air traffic.
Local pastors answer to the conference clergy, who meet annually to evaluate their performance.
Local pastors are on site at city hall to offer support for survivors.
Local pastors are truly special.
Local pastors participate in the teaching process.
Local pastors preach at the services and integrate converts into their churches.
Local pastors share their wisdom on our Local Bible Study.
Local pastors use the dramas to establish new preaching stations in unchurched villages and towns.
Local pastors work with each team and facilitate communication between the cultures.
Many local pastors speak at our weekly chapel service.
Local pathology is sore throat, fever, and malaise.
Some local patients claim it cured their cancer, yet there's little evidence to prove it works.
Local patterns aggregate to emerse global excellence.
Local pawns are cyclical.
Local peaks are regions between two local minima.
Every local peculiarity is advertised as defining character.
Local people act as hosts and the visitors stay in their homes.
Local people allege that a number of murders remain uninvestigated.
Local people are a fascinating assembly of tribes and castes.
Local people are able to petition for such a referendum.
Local people are also afraid of the mists of chemicals they have heard are sprayed on the soya.
Local people are also concerned about health risks from eating fish caught in the region.
Local people are also uniquely expert on what they are willing to change, to what extent, and how.
Local people are always willing to give help and reminisce on earlier generations - just ask.
Local people are angry because there has been no justice.
Local people are another big help.
Local people are as colourful as their homes.
Local people are best able to determine their needs and build solutions for their endeavors.
Local people are busy.
Local people are concerned and say several incidents of rape remain unreported.
Local people are dependent on forest resources.
Local people are extremely knowledgeable in locating problem areas providing historical insight.
Local people are frequently farmers and shopkeepers.
Local people are generally friendly and courteous.
Local people are heavily dependent on fish as a source of food and income.
Local people are in a unique position to help reduce local crime and solve local problems.
Local people are more interested in working.
Local people are much more powerful because of their relationships through the internet.
Local people are now, however, planting bamboo and rattan plants.
Local people are of course very excited and proud to have the speakers and the lights.
Local people are positively or negatively aroused by x, rather than being indifferent to it.
Local people are proud of their new building and make the most of it.
Local people are quick to reinvest money in their homes and businesses.
Local people are the basis for community success.
Local people are the ones that have suffered most.
Local people are very friendly and eager to help tourists and promote tourism.
Local people believe the pigeon population is down.
Local people believe their water supplies are being contaminated by the huge chemical dump.
Local people buy it as a souvenir when they go out of the island.
Local people call it canero.
Local people can act as volunteers for the early set-up.
Local people can also talk about what impact the films had on themselves personally.
Local people can collect felling debris as firewood at no cost.
Local people can collect forest products without difficulty.
Local people can effectively represent a diversity of interests, including national concerns.
Local people can reflect local preferences better and make better management decisions.
Local people can understand our location from the following local map.
Local people claim the real figures are much higher.
Local people combine agriculture, pastoralism and trade to subsist.
Local people come to expect direct payment of other incentives for conservation.
Local people coming together to meet local needs - that's what volunteering is all about.
Local people commute using small boats in West Kalimantan, Indonesia.
Local people complain about headaches, nausea and coughs.
Local people depend on river water as a supply for drinking, cooking, bathing and fishing.
Local people depend on the river for water, food and transport.
Local people depend upon the lagoon for fish resources, fuelwood, and salt production.
Local people derive income from hosting visitors while elders pass on cultural knowledge.
Local people deserve the credit for their dedication to improving their communities.
Local people donate their time to help at the circulation desk, shelve books and do typing.
Local people embank the ponds for aquiculture.
Local people embody their cultural, social and economic issues.
Local people enjoy certain rights.
Local people enjoy walking in the beautiful countryside near to Glasgow.
Local people exercise certain rights to land resources.
Local people exercise traditional rights.
Local people expect substantive benefits when a hydropower project is constructed in their locality.
Local people facilitate communication between decision-making bodies.
Local people feel deserted.
Local people feel exploited and few benefit from the tourist trade.
Local people find it difficult to stand firm and press their case.
Local people get thirsty, go to their local retailer, and buy locally made beverages.
Local people give a rapturous welcome to German forces.
Local people graze livestock.
Local people guide the tourists, sharing their knowledge of the jungle.
Local people have a better understanding of local issues than experts from the outside.
Local people have deep understanding of resources and harvest patterns in their areas.
Local people have rights to fish in the lake.
Local people have their own problems of the area and legal procedure is also in process.
Local people have to care enough to make sure that reforms take place.
Local people have to travel three days to reach the local administrative centre for health care.
Local people help secure teaching facilities, hire female teachers, and monitor school attendance.
Local people identify their own problems and are responsible for finding their own solutions.
Local people know how to help their community.
Local people know how to prevent and control weeds.
Local people know less than they pretend to.
Local people know the prevailing rates very well and bargain accordingly.
Local people know the weather and the terrain.
Local people know where to take a break from the crowds, though.
Local people live on the islands are mainly live on traditional fishing, grazing and farming.
Local people living in the area also speak of the old tin mines.
Local people make decisions.
Local people organize the seven day festival.
Local people organize themselves as an expression of local activism.
Local people possess an in- depth knowledge of the crabs and their ecology.
Local people possess an in-depth knowledge of the crabs and their ecology.
Local people prefer motorcycles and bicycles due to narrow streets.
Local people prize the animal as a food item, and it is sometimes used as a house pet.
Local people provide the details - putting the stamp of the community on the sculpture.
Local people push the issue and public hearings are held.
Local people recognize and appreciate the significance of the cross.
Local people refuse to come anywhere near, claiming the place is haunted.
Local people rely on the weekly mailboat from Nassau for groceries.
Local people rely upon seasonal ponds and shallow wells for their water.
Local people report that problems have already arisen.
Local people report that the species is a consistent visitor, in the afternoons, to the spring.
Local people request access to City-owned properties.
Local people respond.
Local people say it's eaten and spread by fruit bats.
Local people say that a woman, killed by a train years ago still haunts the site.
Local people say the number of vermin has reached epidemic proportions.
Local people say the police participated in burning houses in the village.
Local people say the rebel group was supported by Ethiopian troops.
Local people say the stench is intolerable and some have threatened legal action.
Local people say twice that number died.
Local people see it as a show in the streets.
Local people seem more likely to extend invitations for a meal or a stay in their home.
Local people strip the bark to make mats and use the inner part of the tree as shelter.
Local people suggest that a different way to finance the park is needed, such as user fees.
Local people support local businesses.
Local people swear that it is good for the skin.
Local people take body of the deceased out of the grave as soon as it decomposes enough.
Local people take various actions to manage their water quality.
Local people use it as a work horse.
Local people use it to see the rest of the world.
Local people use sluicing implements unchanged by the passage of the centuries.
Local people use tayra for the pest control because it hunts rodents.
Local people use that area for walking, swimming, etc.
Local people use the tender leaves and flowers as vegetables.
Local people view the university community as elitist.
Local people welcome the mushers with homecooked meals and delicious pies.
Local people work as teachers, librarians, doctors, they do logistics and keep tiny shops.
Local peoples desire to manage their forests to meet their legitimate needs.
Many local people are dependent on the extensive mangroves for fishing.
Many local people donate their time to conservation tasks in the valley.
Many local people grow prickly pear in their yard.
Many local people have experience assisting researchers.
Many local people like to walk the road since it offers nice views and sounds of the river.
Many local people rely on coral reefs for their subsistence.
Many local people rely on the bus to travel to the city or nearby suburbs.
Many local people remember it well.
Many local people shop for fresh food at the citizens' market.
Many local people use a cast net to catch mullet, shrimp and bait fish.
Many local people use it weekly or even daily.
More local people make more money that way.
Most local people appear to be in favour.
Most local people are multi-lingual.
Most local people go to the cathedral in town.
Most local people have basic or possibly intermediate knowledge of English or German language.
Most local people like to eat poke.
Most local people realize that very quickly and that's why they only stay for a few years.
Most local people suffer from mental pressure.
Local performances are well attended and enthusiastically supported.
Local performers present a folkloric show one evening.
Local performers show off their talents in a non-competitive arena.
Local periodicals can supply a wealth of information.
Local persecution can break out at any time.
Local persons collect it.
Local persons love skiing and snowboarding in mountains, they usually spend their holidays there.
Local personalities can draw a bigger crowd.
Local personnel are on call and live by our disneyworld vacation rental homes.
Local perspective is that very little is so important that it needs to happen now.
Local perspectives including that of local professionals and experts are significantly lacking.
Local pharmacies are also an option.
Local pharmacies are facilities.
Local pharmacies are pharmacies.
Local pharmacies are well stocked, and hospitals are adequate.
Any local pharmacy can fill the prescription.
Many local pharmacies can carry the product as well.
Local phone calls OK - leave credit card at front desk for long distance.
Local phone calls to most cities in California.
Local photos get a tremendous response.
Local photographer travels globe to capture wildlife on film.
Local photographers provide a sample of their work and a description of services.
Local photographers take pictures.
Any local photographer can schedule use of the darkroom at reasonable hourly rates.
Most local photographers take pictures.
Local photography enhances the site and offers a glimpse of some of the area attractions.
Local photography is also available and also a painting or two.
Local photosensitivity can also result as a reaction to the sap of some plants.
Local physicians are always involved in the care of our patients.
Local physicians attend the lectures and watch the surgery on live video.
Local physicians conduct mock interviews with the students.
Local physicians say low average salaries are to blame for keeping doctors away from the region.
Many local physicians have voluntary faculty appointments.
Many local PICs have Web sites.
Local pickup is an option under any of the above.
Local piers provide access to recreational fishing for thousands throughout the United States.
Local pioneer come in as tour guides.
Local pipes serve each street and eventually carry water into buildings.
Local places have a past, too.
Local places have wonderful nicknames also.
Local plans are often for smaller areas.
Local plans evolve as a result of two processes, plan amendment and periodic review.
Local plans provide the local policy frameworks within which planning decisions are taken.
Local plant refines sugar from beets grown in four-county area.
Local plant species composition varies considerably.
Local plants design and assemble modern aircrafts and space-sistern equipment.
Local players complain that they are getting no time on the pitch.
Local players monitor the yen closely mainly due to the close trade ties between Taiwan and Japan.
Local players put fairy tale villain on trial Go to story.
Some local players are sanguine.
Some local plumbers own business.
Some local plumbers own own business.
Local podiatrists provide free evaluations of foot conditions and recommend treatments.
Local poets bare their souls with enigmatic lines amidst cheers and jeers.
Local poets host the event and feature readings based on a monthly theme.
Local poets read their poems.
Local poets read their work.
Local pols are increasingly uneasy.
Local pols bring in experts to win their political debates.
Local police are a good source of information and recommendations regarding security systems.
Local police are busy tracking down two robbers.
Local police are here because the province head was visiting a Catholic orphanage.
Local police are responsible for providing basic public safety and law and order.
Local police are under direct civilian control.
Local police are unsympathetic towards badly parked cars.
Local police claim to have arrested some of the suspected assailants.
Local police have blueprints and videos of all buildings in the district.
Local police have people.
Local police have to go to the 'front line' to strengthen numbers.
Local police investigate crimes anywhere within their respective cities and towns.
Local police keep nothing.
Local police maintain race relations are improving.
Local police report the problem has been fixed.
Local police say crime has a tendency to pick up during the holidays.
Local police say drugs are suspected.
Local police say they are investigating the gay bashing as a hate crime.
Local police secure the note.
Local police start registering male enemy aliens.
Local police understand the drug is in the area, but that information is second-hand.
Local police wait in a ditch for several hours while shots are fired from Seascape.
Most local police have people.
Most local police offer a free escort service.
Some local police have scones.
Some local police take possessions.
Local policemen caution against such practices, but Maine really is a remarkably crime-free place.
Local policies complicate the clearing of titles on abandoned inner-city properties.
Local policies regarding water management vary widely between jurisdictions.
Local policies resolve competition for frames local to a process.
Local policy determines if and how purchase orders are used.
Local policy is applied first.
Local policy is expressed in a vendor-specific way.
Local politician defends scandal and corruption.
Local politicians are busy attending funeral, marriage, and birthday receptions.
Local politicians are on notice.
Local politicians are too afraid or too corrupt.
Local politicians avoid making the decision, for fear of upsetting their reactionary voters.
Local politicians do however sit on the various police boards.
Local politicians have a very poor record with such decisions.
Local politicians own several major news outlets.
Local politicians point to the schools as a drain on taxpayers dollars.
Local politicians say some nearby villagers became ill after the tests.
Local politicians sit on the boards of banks that they regulate.
Local politicians suggest that anyone who lives in Seattle understands there's no contradiction.
Local politicians warn of the threats to local habits, traditions, and jobs.
All local politicians support building the base.
Many local politicians support their enterprises.
Local pond stocked with trout keep children busy fishing.
Local ponds continue to provide good catches of crappie and bass.
Local population has priority when they apply for work in the forest district.
Local population is ethnically diverse.
Local population is ethnically Tibetan.
Local population takes part in city's political life more actively.
Local populations are established in parts of the Netherlands and in Belgium.
Local populations can occupy very small habitat patches like a puddle.
All local ports are configurable with respect to data speed.
Local portals contribute greatly to overall local economic growth.
Local porters carry all our camping gear and food, and are an integral part of our climb.
Local positions revolve around local issues that transcend party politics.
Local posts hold meetings presenting interesting guests and programs.
Local postcards are a specialty.
Local postmarks are an endangered species.
Local postmasters can provide more information.
Local potentials are decremental.
Local pottery finds make up the majority of finds, and include vessels used for cooking and storage.
Local powder is different than powder anywhere else.
Local power is out.
Local practice does.
Local practice varies from area to area, but the Police seem reluctant to use the proceedings.
Local practices are typically the results of generations of observation, trial and experiment.
Local practices vary in such instances, and everything is negotiable.
Local practices vary.
All local practitioners are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Local precipitation increases sharply with altitude.
Local preference is for last name, comma, first name with no space after the comma.
Local preservationists are still unsure of the landmark's future.
Local presidents appoint local chairs.
Local presidents are often active teachers.
Local Presidents can now submit the names of their delegates and alternates on-line .
Local press covers web page.
Local pressure has a quadratic variation.
Local pressures relate to workloads, resource allocations, and stakeholder expectations.
Local price is a function of world production and demand.
Local prices apply in other countries.
Local prices are competitive.
Local prices depend on delivery method.
Local pride has quite a bit to do with it.
Local pride is a big part of it.
Local pride is high, and the people like being part of an active civic process.
Local pride is on the line when the townies and the frat boys take to the track.
Local pride is stressed and rivalry with other cities plays upon that pride.
Local pride seems to have outrun national pride in the promotion of great scientific endowments.
Local priests officiate at all religious ceremonies and funerals of clan members.
Local principals are responsible for approving the content of their school's web page.
Local principals have the man-years and can make minor adjustments.
Local printers are accessible to all supervisors on the system.
Local printers are printers which are connected to a single computer.
Local printing is always subject to prime shift rates.
Local printing is supported for pass through and screen print in most modes.
Local pros pitch in at annual science fair.
Local problems deserve local solutions.
Local problems help researchers define the issue, which can then be applied more broadly.
Local problems increase as a result of poor on-farm drainage.
Local problems rely on local solutions.
Local problems require local solutions.
Every local problem is a national problem, a humanitarian problem.
Local procedures are in effect for the different theaters.
Local procedures provide specific procedures for requesting technical advice.
Some local procedures are unique.
Many local processes create the P.O. requisition.
Local produce includes fruit, island chestnuts, garden vegetables and seafood.
Local produce is used during the seasons available, and many New England foods are on our menus.
Local produce is used in many of the meals, whilst there is always a choice for vegetarians.
Local produce is used in the home cooked food where the emphasis is on healthy eating.
Local produce is used to make the daily specials.
Local produce reduces the use of fossil fuels needed in the transportation of non-local produce.
Local producers are willing cooperators in many field research projects.
Local producers make food.
All local producers operate under the control of the SMEs and local markets are highly segregated.
Most local producers make food.
Local products are always on the table.
Local products are available for tasting and for sale.
Local products are more likely to survive local conditions, and are likely to be cheaper.
Local production depends on the weather.
Local production includes primarily beef, poultry, and fresh produce.
Local production is a small portion of the domestic demand.
Local production is limited to peripheral items such as hospital beds and gurneys.
Local production is limited to the accident-related product subsector.
Local production is small due to limited land resource and rapid urbanization.
Local production remains important, though.
Local productivity is defined as the ratio of gross output to employment.
Local professionals give weekly presentations designed to provide insight into career options.
Local professionals tend to be more fragmented, often having second and third jobs.
Local profiles store the settings a user makes on the local computer.
Local program is designed well in advance by each collaboration university.
Local programs are application programs.
Local programs can request dates and specific types of training needed.
Local programs can use the final assessment.
Local programs collaborate across school divisions and among an array of social agencies.
Local programs do have the flexibility to pay staff if their budget allows.
Local programs exist as their own organizations and are responsible for their own fundraising.
Local programs have flexibility to adjust procedures to fit their particular area.
Local programs operate independently from one another, yet provide similar services.
Local programs take place nearby and usually last one day.
Local programs use a wide variety of tactics to increase enrollment and participation.
Local programs vary in number of volunteers they utilize.
Local programs vary in the number of volunteers they utilize.
Local programs work with students who have minimal skills.
Many local programs use census data as a benchmark for designing and evaluating surveys.
Most local programs collect newspapers, glass containers, tin cans and aluminum.
Most local programs focus on specific populations for limited periods of time.
Local programming features community information with an early morning talk and information show.
Local programming features the Top Fifty Caribbean Hits, and live Caribbean Musical Events.
Local programming includes special music formats and local command information.
Local programming is a win win situation.
Local programming is determined by an annual community assessment and Native parent committees.
Local programming is the heart of our station.
Local programming provides live and taped broadcasts of important town meetings, and public notices.
Local projects access state resources through formal agreements between state and local agencies.
Local projects are invaluable throughout Alaska in protecting and restoring waters.
Local projects are only interesting if they offer a replicable model for others to follow.
Local projects are private to the particular user whereas Global projects are shared among users.
Local projects can add competencies for specific degrees.
Local projects can be environmental or social in nature.
Local projects dumps for kfs .
Local projects operate as partnerships of all relevant agencies.
Local projects start with either the county number or the city number.
Local projects support modeling improvements as well.
Local promoters do most of the work.
Local promoters run business operations.
Local promoters run operations.
Most local promoters run business operations.
Most local promoters run operations.
Local propagation applies a sequence of methods that solve the constraints individually.
Local proprietors offer jet skiing, windsurfing, para-sailing and boat rentals.
Local prosecutors are often loath to prosecute fellow, local officials.
Local protectionism is a problem that has been bothering the central government for a long time.
Local protectionism presents a substantial risk to foreign parties involved in arbitration.
Local providers acknowledge the gaps in service zones.
Local providers benefit from seeing the presentation.
Local providers offer breast exams, mammograms, pelvic exams and pap tests.
Local providers offer many workforce development services.
Local providers provide a local phone call for internet service, as well as a friendly helping hand.
Local providers see customers scrimping on purchases.
Local providers seem to be quicker to answer questions.
Local providers tend to be less expensive.
Some local providers offer 'family accounts'.
Local psychologists are available to give advice about access to personal therapy.
Local pubs are also a great experience.
Local pubs host Irish traditional music and craic in the evenings.
Most local pubs serve traditional 'old English fare' in the form of a 'roast beef' dinner.
Local publications are on sale.
Local publications come and go.
Local publications provide detailed listings.
Local publicity is encouraged.
Many local pueblos encourage visitors, and Indian pow wows are often open to the public as well.
Local punk is now a museum exhibit.
Local purveyors provide goat cheese and trout.
Local quacks offer all kinds of treatment for a considerable sum of money.
Local races are vital to our everyday functions.
Local races have smaller fish.
Local races pay far, far less.
Local racers can register up to day of race.
Local racers love Streaked Mountain.
Local radar shows definite hook over Midwest City wrapped in rain.
Local radiation has a role in spot therapy and in pain relief, mainly.
Local radio features local and international sounds.
Local radio is a community resource.
Local radio is available in certain areas of the country, too.
Local radio is often receptive to interview requests.
Local radio is too impoverished.
Local RAGs help improve the leadership and capacity of grantmakers.
Local rainfall is critical.
Local rallies are the key to forcing the media to more or less honestly carry the bigger rallies.
Local ranchers are allow to take the remaining straw bails.
Local ranchers are paid by the pound, so the more a calf weighs, the more money it fetches.
Local ranchers believe the increase is a direct result of wolf reintroductions in central Idaho.
Local rangers are in training for diplomatic outreach.
Local rangers provide information about the park and the region's inhabitants and neighbors.
Local rates apply.
Local rates are inexpensive and international rates are reasonable.
Local rates are non commissionable.
Local rates are non-commissionable, but are available to all including agencies.
Local rates are noncommissionable.
Local rates are non-commissionable.
All local rates are net rates, which are non-commisionable to advertising agencies.
All local rates are net, non-commissionable.
All local rates are non commissionable.
All local rates are non-commissionable.
Local reaction backs up that claim.
Local reaction involves irritation, redness, and swelling at the site of the sting.
Local reactions are common including tenderness and induration at the injection site.
Local reactions are most common, but anaphylaxis can also occur without warning.
Local reactions are of short duration and usually last only a day or two, even without treatment.
Local reactions can occur.
Local reactions can range from a swollen arm or leg to a small welt.
Local reactions resembling a mosquito bite are common.
Local reactions vary from bias and ignorance to curiosity, support and friendship.
Local realism implies constraints on the statistics of two physically separated systems.
Local reality seems to have escaped their notice and Thailand's another country somewhere else.
Local recipes are self-help.
Local records are brief.
Local records are incomplete and only a few can be identified.
Local records indicate city officials did nothing.
Local records show neither has a criminal record.
Local records tend to be held locally.
Local recreation abounds, and getting away to the ocean or the mountains takes only about two hours.
Local recreation includes boating, horseback riding, hiking, and fishing.
Local recurrence is a major problem after surgery for rectal cancer.
Local recurrence is at the same site as the original cancer.
Local recurrence is common, as is regional spread and eventual metastasis and death.
Local recurrence is common.
Local recurrence is frequent after surgical resection due to the aggressive lesion growth.
Local recurrence is observed more frequently for metastases than for hepatocellular carcinoma.
Local recurrence is thought to be related to incomplete resection of the tumor.
Local recurrence occurs at the same site as the original cancer.
Local recurrence presents a difficult challenge since there are limited therapeutic options.
Local recurrences are more common in rectal cancers than in colon cancers.
Local recurrences are the growth of cancerous cells in the original site.
Local redness appears in most cases after the terrifying pain, and lasts for up to a week.
Local references are available on request.
Local references are only valid within a native method invocation.
Local refinement is a numerical powerful tool.
Local reform is a better strategy.
Local region includes coastal, mountain, desert, and urban environments.
Local registrars hold copies of the records for their own districts.
Local registrars issue certified copies of deaths for Roanoke County and the City of Salem.
Local registrations are in from all over Arizona.
Local regression fits parametric models locally by using kernel weights.
Local regulation fills in the remaining gaps, of which there are many.
Local regulation offers greater opportunity for correcting mistakes.
Local regulations apply .
Local regulations apply.
Local regulations are generally more restrictive than the federal regulations.
Local regulations can require appropriate design when driveways are created.
Local regulations comply with the most demanding international standards.
Local regulations differ and laws vary from state to state.
Local regulations differ, and laws in other states vary, so check with the applicable jurisdiction.
Local regulations prohibit pet visitors.
Local regulations prohibit the importation of handguns or semi-automatic weapons.
Local regulations require a certified manager to be on duty during all hours of operation.
Local regulations stipulate the amounts covered.
Local relief is a few meters.
Local relief is commonly in meters or tens of meters.
Local relief is considerable, and slopes are steep.
Local relief is in meters in the valleys and on the flat ridgetops.
Local relief is in meters to tens of meters.
Local relief is in meters, but the major valleys are tens of meters below the general level.
Local relief is in meters.
Local relief is in tens of meters.
Local relief is limited to actual damages.
Local relief is mainly a few meters.
Local relief is mainly in meters.
Local relief is mostly several meters.
Local reps are usually flexible.
Local representation enables to recognize separately several objects in the same image.
Local representation is based on membership.
Local representation is compromised when elections are held at large instead of by district.
Local representatives are ideal speakers.
Local representatives cover other parts of the world.
Local representatives have the opportunity to be compensated for their services.
Local representatives provide personal customer service.
Local representatives provide technical expertise, assist in valve selection and sizing.
Local reprints are available the next day.
Local reproduction is authorized and access to unclassified publications is unrestricted.
Local reproduction is authorized for all electronic forms.
Local reproduction is authorized.
Some local republics have their own oil resources, and private enterprise is booming.
Local reputation is very important, and they have to be interested in Cohousing concept.
Some local rescues are able to foster dogs, some only do referrals.
Local research is newsworthy and valuable to corporate decision makers.
Local research shows a six-month waiting list for assisted living.
Local residents agree.
Local residents are all to aware of the statistics.
Local residents are already outside raking their garden plots and planting for the coming season.
Local residents are appalled at the scale of the destruction.
Local residents are furious about the proposed releases.
Local residents are generous with skiing advice and the occasional tidbit of local lore.
Local residents are helpful and friendly.
Local residents are more mobile than in past decades.
Local residents are now greatly alarmed by the existing safety measures in case of accidents.
Local residents are preferred.
Local residents are protective of their environment.
Local residents are proud of the valley's rural aesthetics.
Local residents are truly proud of their community.
Local residents are welcome to come help make the visitors feel at home.
Local residents are welcome to use the large library and learning resource center.
Local residents are well known for their hospitality.
Local residents believe that the wastewater is the cause of pollution found in drinking water wells.
Local residents bring produce from their gardens.
Local Residents Call our offices to schedule an appointment.
Local residents can also arrange in-person meetings, and attend graduation ceremonies.
Local residents can also call into the numerous radio talk shows.
Local residents can benefit from the environmental education eco-tourism provides.
Local residents can bring recyclable materials to the center.
Local residents can bring their photos to be copied at no charge.
Local residents can easily learn about the environmental hazards in their communities.
Local residents can either walk or bicycle to school or work.
Local residents can either walk or bicycle to the park.
Local residents can get very upset if birders interfere with their farm operations.
Local residents can go for long stretches driving past it, walking past it and looking past it.
Local residents can help the process by actively reducing any overuse of the local water supply.
Local residents can now earn a university degree locally.
Local residents can pick up Inner Circle wine at the winery.
Local residents can receive assistance with food, shelter, clothing, referral services and finances.
Local residents can vote an area dry.
Local residents care for the grave.
Local residents challenge the THPs.
Local residents conduct interesting folklore tours.
Local residents continue to return to their homes.
Local residents depend on private wells to supply their water needs.
Local residents divert water from the spring for drinking.
Local residents don t feel comfortable crossing from one side to another.
Local residents don t have to worry about the pollution.
Local residents drive faster on their local streets because they feel familiar and comfortable.
Local residents enjoy the trail as a safe place to socialize, commute and exercise.
Local residents find access points for the best fishing spots along the river.
Local residents get to travel on the Bluebell at a discounted fare.
Local residents harvest a variety of subsistence resources from the refuge.
Local residents harvest many resources from the refuge.
Local residents have a hard time believing that.
Local residents have a number of ways to make donations.
Local residents have direct pedestrian access to the beach.
Local residents have many music, art, and theater options.
Local residents have particularly strong reservations.
Local residents have to put up with non-stop noise, pollution and vibration.
Local residents help maintain the area and donated plants native to Utah.
Local residents help tailor each film screening to meet community needs.
Local residents house the students and provide rehearsal sites.
Local residents indicate that an effort is made to mow and clean the cemetery yearly.
Local residents keen to know more about their area.
Local residents keep up fight for third exit.
Local residents lace up for breast cancer fundraiser.
Local residents like to joke about how safe they are surrounded by so many cops.
Local residents like to say the north and the south meet here.
Local residents make up the majority of the store's customers.
Local residents marry English partners and the patois is no longer spoken at home.
Local residents meet the challeges of creating a non-bias learning environment.
Local residents oppose Starbucks for many reasons.
Local residents participate in the production.
Local residents pay less.
Local residents plan to restore it as a town center.
Local residents prefer to stay away from the area, for it is said to be loaded with land mines.
Local residents put up signs on the fence calling the area a toxic hazard.
Local residents rave about the laid-back ambience and yummy coffee drinks and baked goods.
Local residents recall drinking from it in their youths.
Local residents recall that it was one of only a few communities in the state to have electricity.
Local residents receive benefits from greenbelt land.
Local residents receive little in exchange for the toxic burden they are forced to bear.
Local residents receive new capacity and congestion relief in exchange for paying tolls.
Local residents remember beans, lentils and carobs being harvested only decades ago.
Local residents report that the vent is near the center of the pool.
Local residents report watching a mother giving birth to a calf last year.
Local residents round out the cast and crew for the performances.
Local residents rummage among the wreckage, ripping off pieces of metal that can be sold for scrap.
Local residents say automatic guns are readily available at affordable prices.
Local residents say government policy has made the border crossing far more dangerous.
Local residents say some of the crop is diverted to supply the local drug market.
Local residents say that the hours of darkness are filled with the sound of gunfire.
Local residents say the eruptions are the most serious in living memory.
Local residents say the name of the island appears to be linked to that tragedy.
Local residents say they always suspected killings took place on the site.
Local residents state that the Indonesian soldiers are working in concert with the militia.
Local residents swap traffic information.
Local residents take direct action to uproot genetically engineered crops .
Local residents take special pride in their schools.
Local residents tend to keep things busy on the weekends.
Local residents travel to Bristol Bay each summer to fish for salmon.
Local residents treasure the natural beauty of the sand dunes, grasslands, wetlands, and woodlands.
Local residents understand the decision.
Local residents unite to form a professional office, and deliver desperately needed services.
Local residents use area for recreational activities.
Local residents use hot water for their daily use.
Local residents use surface water downstream of the site for recreation.
Local residents use the creek for irrigation, watering livestock and recreation.
Local residents use the lagoons for fishing and recreation.
Local residents use the spring as a public water supply.
Local residents view the local administration with a jaundiced eye.
All local residents are to evacuate immediately.
All local residents are welcome to attend.
All local residents are welcome.
Many local residents are artists, writers, and naturalists, inspired by the scenic surroundings.
Many local residents attend every year.
Many local residents believe the project is inappropriate for an environmentally-sensitive estuary.
Many local residents choose to live at the beaches.
Many local residents do believe, however, that it is in fact a representation of a cat.
Many local residents feel the proposed church campus is just too large.
Many local residents fish from the riverbank, especially in East Potomac Park.
Many local residents have a choice in which electric company they use.
Many local residents have little or no access to telephones or other forms of communication.
Many local residents invite international students to share holiday meals with their families.
Many local residents live on waterfront properties.
Many local residents seek employment in nearby towns.
Many local residents show our business with pride to visiting friends and relatives.
Most local residents choose a warm weather grass.
Most local residents seem to coexist easily with the phenomenon.
Some local residents are outraged for other reasons.
Some local residents are thrilled, many are angry.
Some local residents contend the monument designation is simply a federal land grab.
Some local residents count on the fish as part of their regular diet.
Some local residents eat the fresh snake gallbladders raw.
Some local residents make fireweed jelly.
Some local residents pass seamlessly from siesta to fiesta.
Some local residents run part-time businesses from their homes.
Some local residents yearn for authentic national heroes.
Local resorts are privately owned, so financial information is their secret.
Local resorts provide snowmobile delivery onto the lake with ice auguring service available.
Local resorts sponsor scuba and glass bottom boat tours.
Many local resorts add hundreds of temporary workers to their payroll each winter.
Some local resorts have dining rooms and bars open to the public.
Local resources are also available for non-motorized projects.
Local resources are limited.
Local resources can then transfer learning to others in the community in a cost effective manner.
Local resources enhance the cryonicist's chances of receiving prompt, quality initial stabilization.
Local resources find suggestions for local caterers, photographers, florists, etc.
Local resources listed here often hold site-related events.
Local resources support a variety of educational programs and activities.
Local resources vary greatly from town to town, and county to county.
Local respectability is the first step.
Local responders size up the incident scene.
Local response is also positive, and our visitor numbers are increasing.
Local restaurant serving burgers, steaks, and salads is open for lunch, dinner and cocktails.
Local restaurants are also contributors.
Local restaurants are available in nearby communities.
Local restaurants are casual social venues.
Local restaurants are excellent, as is antiquing in local shops.
Local restaurants are famous for their Southern cuisine.
Local restaurants are plain fare.
Local restaurants are within walking distance.
Local restaurants boast find island and international cuisine.
Local restaurants boast fine island and continental cuisine.
Local restaurants donate special dishes to our international buffet.
Local restaurants donate subs, pizza, baked potatoes, bagels, ice cream and other items.
Local restaurants donate their food specialties and a band provides music and dancing.
Local restaurants donate various soups by the gallons.
Local restaurants feature nearly every cuisine.
Local restaurants get FREE entry in our directory under the appropriate sub category.
Local restaurants lose business.
Local restaurants offer a broad fare to satisfy every member of the family.
Local restaurants offer a multitude of pleasurable dining experiences.
Local restaurants offer a selection of culinary delights.
Local restaurants offer casual to exceptional fine dining.
Local restaurants offer choices varied enough to satisfy any palate.
Local restaurants offer everything from burgers to chateaubriand, and of course, seafood.
Local restaurants offer fresh fish caught that day, as well as authentic regional food.
Local restaurants offer international dining.
Local restaurants offer meals worth talking about for months.
Local restaurants offer memorable food to a faithful neighborhood clientele.
Local restaurants offer seafood specialties and entertainment.
Local restaurants offer tasty fares for every appetite.
Local restaurants offer tempting tastes.
Local restaurants offering a variety of cuisine are just minutes away.
Local restaurants participate in A Taste of Troy, and horse-drawn carriage rides add atmosphere.
Local restaurants provide a variety of foods in a range of prices.
Local restaurants report singing to some three to five birthday tables per weekend evening.
Local restaurants serve roast chicken, beef and pork en salsa, fried turnovers and mashed plantains.
Local restaurants serve some of the South's finest foods.
Local restaurants serve up delectable foods.
Local restaurants serve up everything from burgers to seafood, in every atmosphere imaginable.
Local restaurants whip up tasty treats, including grilled food, bloomin' onions and smoked sausages.
Many local restaurants deliver meals without additional charge.
Many local restaurants deliver to the pool throughout the day.
Many local restaurants feature focaccia bread on their menus.
Many local restaurants offer all types of cuisine.
Many local restaurants offer seafood specialties that are truly outstanding.
Many local restaurants prepare morel dishes during the spring harvest period.
Most local restaurants are willing to donate one menu for a class project.
Some local restaurants serve sizzling steaks.
Local restaurateurs take note.
Some local restrictions are still in place in parts of the forest.
Local retailers are sometimes willing and able to pay higher rents than chain stores.
Local retailers benefit from the increased buying power of local residents and businesses.
Local retailers can provide product pricing and availability.
Local retailers consider the community home.
Local retailers downplay the vacancies.
Local retailers expect additional shipments to arrive soon.
Local retailers have access to online classes including how-to's on design and technology.
Local retailers say they're already seeing a positive difference in sales.
Local retailers tend to be more flexible and, by some measures, better merchants.
Some local retailers are also pre-selecting bulbs for specific color schemes.
Local revenue is crucial in consolidating the necessary capacities of towns and cities.
Local revenues come primarily from property taxes.
Local review is difficult to predict.
Local reviews hail the album as being soothing to the heart and stress relieving.
Local riders are very friendly.
Local riders can now reach downtown without transferring.
Local riders tend to get the set waves.
Local riders test dressage skills to get feedback from a judge.
Local rivals are ahead of it.
Local rivers offer smooth waters for jet-skiing, wakeboarding and other water sports.
Local rivers provide rafting and canoeing opportunities as well as fishing.
A local road is a street
Local roads are impassable When Classes are Cancelled or Delayed .
Local roads are mostly the responsibility of the communities through which they pass.
Local roads are roadways.
Local roads are streets.
Local roads are the core of the state's roadway network.
Local roads are the responsibility of each local municipality.
Local roads are the smaller roads that carry neighborhood traffic, or give direct property access.
Local roads become congested and so transport costs begin to rise.
Local roads consist of approximately ten miles of gravel roads.
Local roads feed traffic into collector and arterial street systems.
Local roads offer many miles of relatively level bicycling.
Local roads parallel to, or ending at the river, provide the only access.
Local roads provide access to local land uses.
Local roads provide access to other highways and forms of transportation in the region.
Some local roads have an interesting history or are just plain unusual.
Local rockers jump ship, seek the indie promised land.
Local rodeos occur all summer long throughout the region.
Local rodeos take a bow almost nightly at county fairs, town celebrations and other festivals.
Local routes serve locations within the same city while regional routes connect different cities.
Local routes stop at all marked bus stops along the route.
Some local ruins remain.
Local rules allow for a no-penalty replacement in the case of such petty thievery.
Local rules are also online.
Local rules are essentially templates for energetically favorable arrangements.
Local rules are likely to require disclosure of charts to the opposition at an early date.
Local rules cover losing a ball to a polar bear.
Local rules file where the installer writes custom rules chosen at install time.
Local rules guide the advancing front away from poor quality degeneracies.
Local Rules Keep up to date on all the changes.
Local rules require filing of an original and two copies of motions and briefs.
Local rules vary among courts and are more difficult to locate in the research process.
Local Rules -We have few local rules.
All local rules are available.
Local runners are available to lead tours of the trails and neighborhoods.
Local runners prepare for developmental season.
Many local runners participate.
Local salaries are down, rental prices are climbing, competition for consumer dollars is high.
Local sales are available at the sawmill site.
Local sales are on an appointment basis.
Local sales help the local economy.
Local sales vary with quantity and quality of corn available.
Local samples are well below the guidelines established for exposure to lead.
Local sawmills supply the wood chips.
Local scenes are both curse and blessing.
Local schedules provide convenient air travel between points within the province.
Local scheduler works with the network scheduler to resolve conflicts.
Local scheduling is straightforward and well understood.
Local schemes develop within a common national framework.
Local scholars seek to publish their work abroad.
Local scholarship has a limited market and appears in small editions.
Local scholarships are truly the hidden backyard gems of financial aid.
Local scholarships are usually available after the fall semester.
Many local scholarships are on a one time only basis but help out greatly that first year.
Local school food authority makes decisions.
Local schools are also where the league hopes to build a foundation of political awareness.
Local schools are available with no long distance bussing.
Local schools are education's providers.
Local schools are excellent.
Local schools are fantastic, and neighbors are friendly.
Local schools are important.
Local schools are much above average by national standards.
Local schools are top performers, and crime rates are comparatively lower.
Local schools are under local control.
Local schools attend, and everyone leaves with a better understanding of how to debate.
Local schools become socioeconomically distressed before neighborhoods themselves become poor.
Local schools build their own robots to race at the event.
Local schools can get an observation hive for their library or science class.
Local schools can get similar wood at reasonable prices.
Local schools can help.
Local schools can modify testing for children depending on their needs.
Local schools can now use different methods for teaching English.
Local schools can schedule other times.
Local schools choose and manage their own learning programs.
Local schools do promote it.
Local schools face challenges that many feel are unfamiliar to headquarters staff.
Local schools grant a few days' holiday at the opening of deer season.
Local schools have the option of requiring proctoring.
Local schools hold ski races throughout the season.
Local schools make extensive use of the area as their outdoor biological laboratory.
Local schools offer a variety of classes of interest to business owners.
Local schools participate by collecting and donating gift baskets containing toys and candy.
Local schools participate in bullying prevention program.
Local schools participate in the five-week program.
Local schools produce great employees and always have.
Local schools provide excellent education opportunities for older children.
Local schools provide time for full band rehearsals.
Local schools regulate students' Internet access.
Local schools report how much is spent per child.
Local schools seek parental input at all levels of education.
Local schools seem to offer a few good spots.
Many local schools have their own Internet pages.
Many local schools offer health courses that make students aware of smoking's dangers.
Many local schools perform well on state rankings.
Many local schools provide child care before and after school.
Most local schools rely substantially on property taxes.
Some local schools seem to do better than others, but reasons are unclear.
Local scientists aid space research.
Local scour is the erosion due to redirected and contracted flow lines around piers or abutments.
Local sea surface temperature increases during months.
Local seafood abounds and is considered some of the tastiest available anywhere.
Local seafood features heavily on restaurant menus.
Local seafood is a specialty.
Local seafood is served in the bar, restaurant and sea front garden.
Local sealers account.
Local search Includes a framework for implementing local search.
Local search is based on stored solutions, moves, neighborhoods, and metaheuristics.
Local search is the computational analog of phenotypic plasticity in biological evolution.
Local searches are usually sufficient for filling part-time positions.
Local sections are entirely responsible for the contents found on their own sites.
Local sections have their own domain name, Ohio given as an example.
Local security is used to limit access to specific operating systems.
Local seminars provide an opportunity to share ideas and solve problems.
Local seniors are welcome.
Local seniors sponsor tables and sell household items as well as hand made crafts.
Local sensors read the temperature.
Local service is active when rooms are first occupied.
Local service is best, but convenience and speed are the elements that count.
Local service is billed one month in advance.
Local service is free of charge.
Local service is free to residents with no hook-up fee.
Local service is free.
Local service is in keeping with their reputation.
Local service is included as part of the room charges.
Local service is included in most short-term leases.
Local service is included in the basic room rate.
Local service is much more elaborate, with trains normally operating on weekdays.
Local service is poor, and the waiting list for telephone service is years long.
Local service is provided at no charge.
Local service is provided for all residents.
Local service is provided for all students.
Local service is provided.
Local service is responsive service.
Local service makes all stops, while express service skips several stops at a time.
Local service operates seven days a week.
Local service provides the most revenue, followed by long-distance service and equipment sales.
Local services are available.
Local services are likely to be fair.
Local services are likely to be poor.
Local services are limited.
Local services are poor.
Local services are slow and generally extremely crowded.
Local services are the newest trend in cyberspace.
Local services is provided with the phone.
Local services link the main towns.
Local services operate to most towns and villages.
Local services provide helicopter or air tours of the Denali Park.
Local services vary but all include public awareness activities.
Local services vary from borough to borough.
All local services are fully operational.
Local servicing means better, more personalized customer service.
Local settings are available for individual virtual servers and affect each one seperately.
Local shacks offer excellent BBQ foods and nice cold drinks.
Local shapes are correct.
Local shapes are true along the standard parallels.
Local shareholders are preferred.
Local shelters are also often available to assist women who have been battered.
Many local shelters run smoothly with a rotating staff of volunteers.
Local sheriffs have choices.
Most local sheriffs have choices.
Local shops are sensitive to the dietary requirements of ethnic minorities.
Local shops carry scores of guidebooks to the area, too.
Local shops feature even more handmade goods and clothing from around the world.
Local shops feature their work, theatres their presentations.
Local shops make it easy with liberal pickup and return policies.
Local shops offer a mix of upscale and bargain jewelry, clothing and other merchandise.
Local shops offer bike rentals and guided tours around town and along nearby trails.
Local shops offer bike rentals and guided tours by the hour or day.
Local shops offer gear, supplies, guides and fishing tips.
Local shops peddle a variety of wares.
Local shops populate nearby main street with an abundance of outlet shopping too.
Local shops provide an essential service for rural communities.
Local shops sell more of the same.
Local shops sell pottery, woodwork, jewellery, quilts and weaving.
Local shops showcase fine art, jewelry and unique gifts for the home.
Most local shops have a tank sealer as seen here in stock.
Most local shops have some of the more common plastic replacement buckles.
Local shoppers guide and other free publications are a good way to get the word out.
Some local shoppers agree.
Local shopping is within walking distance.
Local show starts off great, then starts on a wild wagon ride downhill.
Local shows are ripe for the plucking.
Local signs are a patchwork mess.
Local signals are the best source for local news and weather.
Local silk occupies a prominent place in the Assamese society.
Local sites are responsible for aggregating and analyzing their own information.
Local sites are subject to cancellation for insufficient registration.
Local sites are to be listed in the Locality of the site.
Local sites do a better job of showing what has happened rather than what's happening.
Local sites provide programs for teachers in nearby school districts and postsecondary institutions.
Local sites range from the amazingly useful and amusing to the thoroughly banal.
Local sites refer to a city or town.
Local sites take on local monopoly or near-monopoly newspapers.
Many local sites give links to Chicago non-profits.
Some local sites are for tents only.
Some local sites are temporarily unavailable.
Local skill are highest throughout western Canada and Ontario and central Quebec.
Local skill are highest throughout western Canada and Ontario.
Local skill is highest over the northern Canadian prairies, and modest along the west coast.
Local skills are highest over sections of northern Quebec and the western Arctic.
Local skills are low throughout most of Canada except southern Alberta and the upper Great Lakes.
Local skills are rather low throughout most of Canada.
Local slope determines spot position on video sensor.
Local slugs are currently in training for the event.
Local societies can be very helpful and they are often keen to support local young people.
Local societies have chairmen and committees, too.
Local societies provide care and shelter for tens of thousands of animals every year.
Many local societies are also hopelessly short of money.
Many local societies have a kitchen or a place to make coffee.
Local software refers to software used within the department for connectivity and productivity.
Local soil is another.
Local soils tend to be acidic.
Local soils vary from deep, fine, sandy loams to shallow to moderately deep silt loams.
Local solo represents public works conducted solely by local governments.
Local solutions require individual attention, individual commitment and individual caring.
Local sources are important, especially vehicles in cities.
Local sources believe that the motive behind the attack was sectarian.
Local sources confirm that there is increasing anti-Nigerian sentiment particularly in Freetown.
Local sources contribute far more, as do weather patterns.
Local sources say that many families have left their homes and some villages are virtually empty.
Local sources say that up to a third of monetary turnover within Russia depends on Cyprus.
Local sources say the fire was no accident, but a racist arson attack.
Local sources say the hostages are in different groups, and being held in at least two locations.
Local soviets draw up half-yearly and yearly estimates of revenues and expenditures for local needs.
Local soviets draw up semi-annual and annual estimates of income and expenditure for local needs.
Local space is described as the space around an entity with the origin at the center of that entity.
Local space is like astrological feng shui.
Local speakers are available to all schools.
Local specialists have a hard time competing with that.
Local specialists provide a convenient, caring and complete resource for professional vision care.
Local specialities are native vegetable soup, lobster, mutton and beef.
Local specialities are often very spicy.
Local specialities combined with a mix of international flavours provide first class cuisine.
Local specialties are truffles and wild mushrooms.
Local specialties are Yunnan white medicine powder, Yunnan tobacco, and ivory sculptures.
Local specialties range from grilled fish tacos to superbly prepared seasonal delicacies.
Many local species come up, encouraged by strips of secondary forest left on the borders.
Most local species have leaves at one time of the year and flowers at another.
Local spelling is used as much as possible.
Many local spices are available, few are unfamiliar and almost all are incredible.
Local spiders can sometimes make their presence known in memorable ways.
Local spirits are ca a, grappa and locally distilled whisky and gin.
Local sponsors are also responsible for any costs associated with land rights acquisition.
Local sponsors are Chicago and the Chicago Park District.
Local sponsors are the .
Local sponsors can contribute to the success of the programme by monetary contributions in kind.
Local sponsors can help provide the inexpensive materials for the lessons.
Local sponsors hold full responsibility for setting and collecting fees.
Local sponsors make the evenings possible.
Local sponsors pay the remaining third.
Local sponsors provide free candy and other treats.
Local sponsorship is required.
Local sponsorship leads to project ownership and a resolve to deal with problems as they occur.
Local sponsorships constitute one of the keys of success for our economic programme.
Local sport is also comprehensivley covered as part of local programming.
Local sports are usually more interesting to people who live there.
Local sports offers high school, college, and minor league baseball results from the area.
Local sports play a competitive schedule within the greater Washington metropolitan area.
Many local spots are ready to let the good times roll.
Local staff are available in most geographic regions.
Local staff can likely find it in the reference area of their local libraries.
Local staff distributes and displays in most influential locations.
Local staff handles all the camp chores.
Local staff provide advice on activities, accommodation and travel booking.
Local staff provide continuity in the schools' relationship with the Netherlands.
Local staff run the basic adult eduction programs.
Local stakeholders are particularly important in targeting their local problems.
Local stakeholders can participate in preparing implementation plans.
Local stations are now available on satellite systems in most areas.
Local stations have jurisdiction over the exact broadcast date.
Local stations have little practical recourse against such threats.
Local stations offer studios to local students to record their material.
Local stations produce much of their own advertising.
Local stations sell advertising to pay for it.
Local stations show a sneak preview of the new fall line-up.
Local stations use the ratings from the four annual sweeps months to set advertising rates.
Many local stations are quite anxious about a national cable network.
Many local stations produce their own news, information shows, and music programs.
Many local stations take programming from more than one network.
Most local stations are able to accept callers views.
Most local stations use some kind of market research to judge viewer preference.
Some local stations are willing to broadcast the game.
Local statistics bear out their contention.
Local statistics can do that.
Local statistics follow national trends in declining violent juvenile behavior.
Local statistics indicate a large area of land under cultivation for cannabis.
Local statistics show that the hungry are young children, parents of young children and the elderly.
Local stipends vary.
Local stocks appear to be selected by individual brokers.
Local stockbrokers differ slightly on the best approach.
Local stockbrokers look to the fourth quarter to be a good one for investors.
All local stops are side platforms and all express stops are of the island platform type.
Local storage allows easy and frequent updating.
Local storage is available on disk or via a tape drive.
Local storage is for temporary use only.
Local storage is thread specific.
Local store includes an internet cafe, furniture outlet, movie rentals and sales of airline tickets.
Local stores are difficult to find.
Local stores are no longer the only source for new issues.
Local stores display items handmade locally.
Local stores donate food certificates for salad fixings and more.
Local stores find it near impossible to match the bargains.
Local stores handle American fruit and butter and French stores an excellent range of delicatessen.
Local stores support community groups with donations at special events in exchange for publicity.
Local stores tend to run out of necessary emergency items when there is the threat of an emergency.
Many local stores have great items made from recycled materials.
Many local stores sell souvenirs.
Local storms can have a big impact.
Some local storms grow larger, others die out.
Local stories tell of treasure and smuggling.
Local streams are similarly abundant.
Local streams have intermittent flow.
Local streamers carry visitors to the other end of the river in half an hour.
A local street is a street
Some local streets have block watch plans in effect.
Local stress concentration leads to fatigue.
Local strongholds develop with warlords controlling resources.
Local structure is determined by delineating models.
Local students advance to state level.
Local students are encourage to attend one of the many library orientation sessions each semester.
Local students are part of every expedition.
Local students are welcome to monitor classes.
Local students can come to Wright State and get the experience of being away from home, too.
Local students can complete the first year of the program at Delhi before moving on to Canton.
Local students can get their passwords from the lab sitters.
Local students can have the examination forms in person.
Local students compete in events like calf roping and barrel racing.
Local students earn academic honors.
Local students have priority for the ceremonies , and seating space is limited.
Local students have the option of being either residential or non-residential.
Local students help to monitor and maintain the project site.
Local students help visiting students in practical, social and academic matters.
Local students parade through, their teachers desperately trying to ride herd.
Local students participate in a nationwide, simultaneous recitation of the Pledge of Allegiance.
Local students preparing for careers in corrections enjoy several educational options.
Local students receive concession for attending the personal contact programme.
Local students run the front desk after hours.
Local students see manatee for the very first time.
Local students volunteer for classroom training.
Many local students participate in academic competitions.
Many local students participate in our student research opportunities program.
Many local students use the trolley for transportation.
Some local students feel that overseas students get preferential treatment.
Local studies are fascinating.
Local studies show Panama with one of the highest levels of cocaine use in Central America.
Local stuff is at the top, generally speaking.
Local stupor is marked by the insensibility of the wound.
Local style is haphazard and unpublished.
Local subcontractors protest that PLAs limit bidders, drive up costs and are unfair.
Local subdivision is equivalent to midpoint bisection search, and has linear convergence.
Local subscribers can receive daily crime updates.
Local subscribers receive same-day delivery.
Local success spurs statewide success.
Local superintendents are responsible for establishing local review procedures.
Local supermarkets offer a broad mix of ethnic foods.
Local supermarkets sell most goods found in American stores.
Some local supermarkets recycle plastic bags.
Local superstition has it that an idiot child brings good luck to the household.
Local supervision is comprised solely of orthodox rabbinical authority.
Local supervisors are key to gaining worker support.
Local supervisors establish priorities for work to be done.
Most local supervisors have portable computers so some management data can be provided on test day.
Local supplier is utilized for haylage and grain.
Local suppliers complete the installation of appliances, carpets and other fixtures.
Local supplies are basic and iffy.
Local support comes from property taxes.
Local support continues to grow bringing on new instructors, new banks, and additional supporters.
Local support helps to hold schools accountable for the quality education of their students.
Local support is available through a network of regional representatives.
Local support is essential.
Local support is fantastic and half the security are on our side.
Local support is limited to one or two days, as required to resolve the case.
Local support is provided by high school staff.
Local support is strong.
Local support is the essence of any urban conservation programme.
Local support is tremendous.
Local support is very difficult to find.
Local support is very helpful in eradication efforts.
Local support is very important as the matter is squarely within the province of the local.
Local support is very important for the future viability of a museum.
Local support makes all the difference in the world.
Local support means local control .
Local support saves time in system implementation.
Local supporters handle wide variety of support questions.
Local surfers estimate their numbers have doubled in the past five years.
Local surgery is an option in some cases.
Local sustainability includes a great many different themes and systems.
Local switches connect to end-users.
Local switches override any sticky defaults.
Local symbols are visible only within the procedure they are defined.
Local symptoms are actually evidence that the whole body is at fault.
Local synchronization is achieved by allowing the clock to be temporarily frozen.
Local system features Dialing directory file Control keys.
Local system is in offline mode.
Local system uses a local area network to connect to the Internet.
Local system uses a modem to connect to the Internet.
Local system uses a proxy server to connect to the Internet.
Local systems are de-finite.
Local systems are readily available, and a free connection can usually be arranged.
Local systems continue to improve.
Local systems feel the crunch even harder.
Local systems have no boundaries in either spatial or temporal sense.
Local systems provide funds based on the local system's student enrollment.
Local systems provide storage, CPUs, etc.
All local systems are conceptual.
Most local systems assume a similar figure on their investments.
Most local systems provide salary supplements and additional benefits.
Local tailors are available, but the workmanship tends to be poor.
Local tales have some defenders taking refuge in the church in the hope of sanctuary.
Local tales say a tree-top was shot away in the exchange.
Local talent abounds in both music and theater.
Local talent does good.
Local talent goes national.
Local talent is abundant as well.
Local talent is preferred.
Local talent is scarce as the industry is even younger than in the States.
Local talent is so popular on the world stage that Maritimers are amazed by the success.
Local talent is welcome and different events are held throughout the year.
Local talent performs all work required.
Local talent puts together a great package, and does a fine job with the production to boot.
Local talent shines, too.
Local talent takes an initial investment, but has great potential for a long-term payoff.
Many local tasks require a person's name entry.
Local tax is based on the address of the purchaser.
Local tax is due first to the city in which the income was actually earned.
Local tax is due where the purchaser boards the tour bus, yacht, etc.
Local taxation is an important part of local autonomy under the Constitution.
Local taxis are also available.
Local taxis are also easily available.
Local taxis are more convenient and work out reasonably inexpensive if several people share.
Local taxis are reasonably cheap.
Local taxis operate to and from the airport and some of the hotels offer free transfers or a car.
Local taxidermy is available.
Local taxes apply.
Local taxes are also inexistant.
Local taxes are but one of the many factors that influence business location decisions.
Local taxes are for the account of the purchaser.
Local taxes are low, with no state or local personal income taxes or corporate income tax.
Local taxes are minimal.
Local taxes are under the authority of the state.
Local taxes can be either direct or indirect.
Local taxes change rapidly.
Local taxes have to be raised or government services cut.
Local taxes is deemed very serious by more homeowners than renters.
Most local taxes require voter approval.
Some local taxes are only available to certain local government types .
Local taxpayers are equally generous and now contribute far more than they ever anticipated.
Local taxpayers finance the construction of tens of thousands of buildings every year.
Local taxpayers help determine local needs, in concert with their elected school boards.
Local taxpayers make up the entire difference alone.
Local taxpayers support the ports necessary for river transportation.
Local tea is also popular - see below under Shopping .
Local tea is available for purchase here.
Local teacher shows off prize.
Local teachers are, of course, welcome.
Local teachers consider some alternatives to urban sprawl.
Local teachers instruct first through eighth grade classes.
Local teachers say certification sends a message to the public.
Local teachers win big for cool Internet ideas.
Many local teachers are interested in an analytical score.
Local teams compete against one another, with the winner going on to state-wide competition.
Local teams compete for the best decorated booth and best chili.
Many local TECs have their own web presence.
Local technicians are in constant pager and cellular telephone contact.
Local technicians learn methane monitoring techniques.
Local technology makes itself at home.
Local teen dies in one car wreck.
Local teens gather for a peace march and area leaders convene at a public safety conference.
Local teenagers jump from high school to high fashion.
Local teenagers take jobs with area farmers and elevators.
Local telcos have to join in and lower pricing on their loops.
Local telephone calling into our office is now available from most points in Canada.
Local television can be an affordable advertising tool for any business.
Local television covers the shelling of Palestinian communities.
Local television is another good source for fraud information.
Local television is the last great television adventure.
Local temperature determines the per cent of red or white and the amount of leakage deposited.
Local temperatures dance to global beat.
Local tenderness is present in case of pain of musculoskeletal in nature.
Local terrorists are among others the governments of Iraq and Turkey.
Local testing is optional.
Local theaters screen scores of independent movies.
Local theaters take their acts online.
Local theatre show times .
Some local theatres provide audio description for their plays.
Local themes abound in the rooms on the mezzanine level.
Local therapy includes gentle cleansing and bland ointment to prevent desiccation of the defect.
Local therapy is available for vaginal dryness and urinary bladder conditions.
Local therapy is used only when malignant cells are found in effusion.
Every local therapy has limitations.
Local thespians perform the works of the best young writers of our time.
Local time is .
Local time is a local phenomenon.
Local time is also determined on other planets when needed.
Local time is assumed.
Local time is calculated by the line of longitude at which a town is placed.
Local time is calculated by the receiving server from the message header of the sending mail server.
Local time is defined as the time zone in which the customer's primary account was established.
Local time is displayed on the right side of the record.
Local time is eight hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time.
Local time is four hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time.
Local time is now .
Local time is plotted along the horizontal axis.
Local time is sun time as recorded on a sun dial.
Local time is three hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time.
Local time is time
Local time is understood.
Local time is used for filename.
Local times play a key role.
Local Toll Calling Find out about local toll calling areas and the calling options available.
Local toll calls at flat per-minute rates .
Local toll calls at flat per-minute rates.
Local toll calls, too.
Local topics revolving around a current policy debate have a strong appeal to local newscasters.
Local topography is of minor importance to the climate.
Local topsoil is rather diverse but most of the arable lands are turf and podsol.
Local tours are available.
Local tours are normally a day long event.
Local tours can include inspections of working mines and the historical cottages.
More local tournaments means more new people introduced to the sport.
Local towns celebrate multi-cultural days as well as live music on the terraces of the town pubs.
Local towns offer budget accommodation, eating places and shops for varied supplies.
Many local towns depend on hunting dollars to support their communities.
Local toxicity includes conjunctivitis, dermatitis, pharyngitis, and rhinitis.
Local tracks are still in full swing.
Local tracks make sure there are plenty of interesting events to keep fans coming back.
Some local trackers smoke.
Local trade is conducted in the larger towns which have markets to serve the surrounding region.
Local traders offer cash in advance against the commitment from the farmer to sell their crop.
Local traders sell everything from honey to straw dolls, and buskers provide entertainment.
Local traders support the proposal.
Many local traders can speak Malay and Indonesian languages, too.
Some local traders are already on the Web.
Local tradespeople are available for general repairs.
Local tradition asserts that the thigh bone is still under the slab.
Local tradition claims the well and surrounding clay has curative powers.
Local tradition contributes to life.
Local tradition contributes to long life.
Local tradition has it that it dates to Pagan times.
Local tradition has it that the coffins sometimes moved about the vault unaided.
Local tradition says that it was built to replace a home destroyed by a storm.
Most local tradition contributes to long life.
Local traffic is controversial and residents' interests and viewpoints vary greatly.
Local traffic is negligible in comparison.
Local traffic is permitted to the point of construction.
Local traffic is permitted up to the bridge, but the bridge itself is closed.
Local traffic is the biggest speed cap that plagues cable modems.
Local traffic is urged to use alternate routes.
Local traffic moves freely between the two cities.
Local traffic stays in the community.
Some local traffic exists inside the city of Springfield, including a tie-treatment plant.
Local trails are an important part of the state's outdoor recreational resources.
Local trails provide quick and easy access, and they're fairly good trails.
Many local trails provide good access for walking, cycling and trekking activities.
Local trains are best for connecting to nearby places.
Local trains provide transportation to smaller cities.
Local trains run at frequent intervals to take travelers anywhere they like.
Local trains serve in cheaper rates.
Local trains stop at every station on the line while express trains stop only at the major stations.
Local trains switch the local industries.
Local trainers hold the classes in locations throughout Oregon.
Local training are available through our local partners.
Local transactions are native to a single database and are restricted within a single process.
Local transactions involve access to a single database.
Local transmission is suspected in the Texas cases, but is difficult to confirm.
Local transport comprises songthaews, though several places hire motorcycles.
Local transport consists of buses, taxis and auto-rickshaws.
Local transport includes buses, trams, taxis, trains, steamer launches and autorickshaws.
Local transport includes cheap but crowded bus services and inexpensive shared taxis.
Local transport includes taxis, which can also be hired for sightseeing, and municipal buses.
Local transport includes trams, buses and plentiful and cheap taxis.
Local transport is available.
Local transport is bus, auto rickshaw and taxi.
Local transport is easiest by taxi.
Local transport is easily available and adequate for transport to campus.
Local transport is generally available.
Local transport is generally plentiful when it needs to be called upon.
Local transport is mainly by motor scooter and cycles, which there are too many to count.
Local transport is organized in air-conditioned luxury coaches with trained guides as escorts.
Local transport is predominantly by bus and metered taxi.
Local transport is problematic.
Local transport is provided to evening concert venues.
Local transport needs to be on-demand, fast, and instantaneous.
Local transports handle deliveries to files and pipes.
All local transports have the options group and user .
Local transportation consists of taxis, limousine service and a local bus service.
Local transportation consists of taxis, vans, limousine service and public bus service.
Local transportation includes an allowance for gas, routine maintenance, and parking.
Local transportation includes taxis and rental cars.
Local transportation is abundant and varied.
Local transportation is also available free of charge.
Local transportation is also extra.
Local transportation is available at most in town locations.
Local transportation is available at reasonable rates.
Local transportation is available from the airport to the train station.
Local transportation is based on hiking, skiing, boating or use of All Terrain Vehicle.
Local transportation is by auto and truck.
Local transportation Is by deluxe, air-conditioned motorcoach.
Local transportation is good, comfortable, practical and affordable.
Local transportation is important to our nation's commerce.
Local transportation is inexpensive and efficient.
Local transportation is limited.
Local transportation is on foot or on bicycles.
Local transportation is plentiful as well.
Local transportation is provided to and from cleanup sites.
Local transportation is the educator s responsibility in cooperation with the host.
Local transportation is very good, with taxies and buses available for the nearby places.
Local transportation is very limited.
Local transportation makes it easy to visit Mexico just across the border.
Local transportation makes it easy to visit Mexico, just across the border .
Local transportation provides easy access to Manhattan via the subway, taxis, or bus services.
Local transportation provides easy access to mass rail and air transportation.
Local trauma can also cause hematospermia.
Local travel covers part of the cost during pre-test and start up of the field experiment.
Local travel has romantic overtones.
Local travel is also necessary to attend meetings away from the office base.
Local travel is required.
Local travel related to the student's project is covered.
Some local travel is involved.
Some local travel is required.
Local travelers benefit from an experienced staff.
Local treatment comes in the form of surgery if possible followed by radiation therapy .
Local treatment depends on the type of lesion.
Local treatment is generally ineffective and incision and suction are of little value.
Local treatment is the first step in therapy.
Local treatments affect cancer cells in the tumor and the area near it.
Local treatments can include freezing.
Local treatments involve only the area of disease.
Local tribes are mostly Christian.
Local tribes think that it is a sacred animal.
Local trips are essentially free.
Local troops are already interested.
Local troops cover the territory of the entire country.
Local trout is served fresh and smoked.
Local trout is served with eggs or with a lemon-scallion butter sauce.
Local tsunamis give residents only a few minutes to seek safety.
Local tsunamis strike nearby shores almost immediately after being generated by the earthquake.
Local tunes are important to the band.
Local TV shows the work of Public Access Points, interview net users.
Local unions are , in reality, the most democratic institutions in our representative democracy.
Local unions are a great place to start.
Local unions are also a combination of conflicting interest groups.
Local unions are autonomous and democratically make all their own decisions.
Local unions conspire to keep out new businesses.
Local unions have a vital resource in community service committees.
Local unions have additional requirements.
Local unions have additional time requirements.
Local unions have requirements.
Local unions remain suspicious about the oil companies' motives.
Local unions represent construction workers.
Local unions represent workers.
Local unions wouldn t allow the girls to work here.
All local unions have training facilities, health and welfare plans, and pension plans.
Many local unions rent or lease office space.
Many local unions survey the members as they prepare to sit down at the bargaining table.
Most local unions can t handle that kind of expense very often.
Most local unions have additional requirements.
Most local unions have additional time requirements.
Most local unions have requirements.
Most local unions represent construction workers.
Most local unions represent workers.
Local unit acts as communication link to Vancouver.
Local units are semi-autonomous.
Local units assign approver.
Local units have budgets that are supported by individual pledges and gifts.
Local units meet in churches, community groups, civic organizations.
Local units pay for the training itself.
All local units are encourage to send representation to convention.
All local units receive the tax, including school corporations.
Local universities are also interested in distance learning programmes.
Local universities are the final piece.
Local universities can also be a source of inexpensive access, particularly for alumni.
Local university reverses six year attendance decline.
Many local universities have tutoring programs, as do community centers, and local high schools.
Local usage can be pretty local.
Local usage is logged in the auth log.
Local users are able to read any kernel memory location.
Local users can access their machine freely.
Local users can acesss full text versions of articles via the link above.
Local users can acquire root status.
Local users can also modify that file, making the auditing mechanism unsafe.
Local users can can gain root privileges by exploiting the buffer overflow in ksu.
Local users can cause a watchdog reset, or bad instruction kernel panic.
Local users can change the permissions of any file.
Local users can circumvent file access restrictions, leading to increased privileges.
Local users can destroy the contents of any file on any mounted filesystem.
Local users can find a doctor with a fast and easy physician search.
Local users can find out home address and dates absent etc.
Local users can gain root access.
Local users can gain root privileges.
Local users can gain unauthorized privileges.
Local users can get superuser privleges.
Local users can manipulate crontab's lowering of privileges, leading to full system compromise.
Local users can modify system files.
Local users can obtain root access.
Local users can obtain superuser privelages.
Local users can obtain superuser privileges.
Local users can overwrite files on the system.
Local users can run arbitrary commands as root.
Local users can use .forward to exec programs.
Local users can work in terminal classes of alphanumeric and graphic terminals.
Local users can write their own control files, and run programs as any user, bar root .
Local users wand dial-out access to communicate with other remote LANs.
Local users wishing to add their own cgi-bin programs please refer to following page.
Any local user can force a queued message to bounce.
Any local user can therefore trick slapd into overwriting arbitrary files on the system.
Local utilities are concerned about the cost of power, particularly in the summer months.
Local utilities are dependable and hold outstanding records for availability and service.
Local utilities are responsible for much larger areas than they have been in the past.
Local utilities provide the equipment and volunteers supply the labor.
Local utilities say they are prepared and expect no problems.
Some local utilities offer free fixtures or rebates.
Local valuations are likely to be higher, given recent purchase prices.
Local variability becomes more extreme in Boston Inner Harbor close to the coasts.
Local variable are generally better.
Local variable is declared within functions.
Local variable is only visible within the function it is declared.
Local variables are an important topic in assembly language programming.
Local variables are fast self fetching variables that allow reentrant recursive code to be written.
Local variables are ideal as temporary storage space when a procedure is executing.
Local variables are specific to a program and live only while the program is running.
Local variables are specific to each sub-machine.
Local variables are static.
Local variables are valid within a script.
Local variables created by the procedure have the usual scope rule within the body.
Local variables have the narrowest scope, followed by instance, shared, and global variables.
Local variables have their own namespace and can hide global variables.
Local variables lose their values outside their own section of code.
Local variables occur in handlers, repeat loops and on error blocks.
Local variables override global ones.
Local variables Specify any local, calculated variables.
Local variances mean that currently no procedure is set in stone.
Local variation is also great due to trade winds, ocean currents, land masses and mountain ranges.
Local variation is the rule.
Local variations are a result of faulting and folding in the area.
Local variations increase the friction of the system and increase the systemic risk of a mistake.
Local varieties meet local needs.
Local varieties play an important role in many parts of Europe.
Local vegetation comprises sparse grasses, cacti, and desert shrubs of conifers and oaks.
Local vegetation consists mainly of mesquite shrubs and grasses in deep fine sandy loam.
Local vegetation consists primarily of oak, juniper, mesquite, cacti, and grasses.
Local vegetation includes open stands of live oak and mesquite.
Local vegetation includes scrub brush, sparse grasses, creosote bush, and cacti.
Local vegetation includes water-tolerant grasses, conifers, and hardwoods.
Local vegetation includes water-tolerant hardwoods, conifers, and grasses.
Local vegetation is dominated by the agave and cresote bush.
Local vegetation is salt bush.
Local vendors are also a good source for purchasing personal computers.
Local vendors come down for the week to show off their wares and meet their customers.
Local vendors have intermodal rail services to load and unload rail cars.
Local vendors have the opportunity to do business with new industry.
Local vendors hum with activity, while solitude seekers relax in uncrowded parts of the beach.
Local vendors offer hot chocolate, apple cider and other warming treats.
Local vendors provide a hookup with unlimited monthly access with free software.
Local vendors provide the overwhelming majority of funding for local youth sports.
Local vendors sell a homemade palm wine in the lanes of the villages and towns.
Local vendors supply produce, dairy, juice, sushi, bread, bagels, baked goods, and more .
Many local vendors offer student discounts.
Local ventilation is adequate for most conditions.
Local ventilation is adequate.
Local ventilation is designed for a small area or specific operation like a fume hood.
Local ventilation is usually preferred.
Local venue puts on a host of shows to help pay the man.
Local vets report that a couple dogs a month are brought in ill just from mouthing toads.
Local veterans are able to look up old acquaintances.
Local veterinarians can help horse owners get their horses tested.
Local veterinarians can provide the immunization.
Local veterinarians continue to be on-site to provide services if needed.
Local veterinarians donate medical care and vaccinations.
Local veterinarians donate their time for x-rays and surgery.
Local veterinarians donate their valuable time for the care of our animals at their clinics.
Local veterinarians help by providing free services.
Local vicars offer prayer.
Local vicars say the plan flies in the face of everything the church stands for.
Most local vicars offer prayer.
Local video can be active or hidden.
Local viewers are more likely to by goods and services close to home.
Local villages assist in monitoring resource use and participate in park protection.
Most local villages are along the waterways.
Local villagers are insistent the Indonesian army is involved.
Local villagers are scared.
Local villagers collect baskets of seeds called illipe nuts to sell as a cash crop.
Local villagers come to the market to sell their handicrafts, textiles, produce, and other goods.
Local villagers gather the fibers from thorny bushes on which the animals groom themselves.
Local villagers report that there are in fact more, but it is unclear as to how many.
Local villagers shake their head, and claim that they are fast-growing weeds.
Local villagers shake their heads, and claim that they are fast growing weeds.
Some local villagers play roles.
Local vintners bring barrels of just released wines for sample.
Local virgins provide the blood that keeps an aging countess looking good.
Local visibility is enhanced.
Local visitors enjoy the property primarily as an accessway to the beach.
Local visitors frequent the web page.
Some local visitors laugh in admiration at the marketing skills of the vendors.
Local volunteers act as the coordinators for our various programs.
Local volunteers are hard at work cleaning up mud and debris.
Local volunteers are welcome for both projects.
Local volunteers assist teachers and students in the classroom on an ongoing basis.
Local volunteers carry out a great deal of the necessary maintenance and improvement works.
Local volunteers continue to fill and place sandbags in all states.
Local volunteers continue to fill and place sandbags in all three states.
Local volunteers continue to fill and place sandbags.
Local volunteers decide how the money is distributed.
Local volunteers determine all policies, procedures and decisions.
Local volunteers help keep score and run the clock.
Local volunteers help with rehabilitation efforts.
Local volunteers manage and staff every aspect of the race.
Local volunteers mobilize relief efforts, funds to help.
Local volunteers perform all the repairs.
Local volunteers pick up litter each month each month.
Local volunteers place the students with local families and provide support and supervision.
Local volunteers raise funds for their projects.
Local volunteers raise the money and local volunteers decided where the money goes.
Local volunteers seek a cooperative solution with shipyard officials.
Local volunteers staff the help desk.
Local volunteers stage and teach the workshops.
Local volunteers study community needs and analyze costs and benefits.
Local volunteers study community needs and decide how money can be used most effectively.
Local volunteers take care of the gift shop.
Local volunteers take pictures of the animals and the photos are placed on the Web site.
Local volunteers unload and deliver donated items.
Local volunteers visit businesses to learn of their concerns, problems, and needs.
Local volunteers work in partnership with qualifying families to build and rehabilitate homes.
Any local volunteer tourguides very welcome to reply, also.
Local voters can provide the rest - if it is truly needed.
Local voters receive ballots approximately two weeks before election day.
Local vulnerabilities are only exploitable after first gaining some level of authenticated access.
Local wages are very competitive when compared with other areas.
Local walnuts are best.
Local watchdogs disagree.
Local water is okay to drink.
Local water is used and no treatment is required.
Local water needs identification.
Local waters are popular for swimming, windsurfing etc and there is a sandy beach five miles away.
Local waters are popular for swimming, windsurfing etc.
Local waters offer walleye, trout, bass, perch, crappie and catfish.
Local waters produce millions of pounds of salmon, halibut, shrimp and crab.
Most local water is pumped from an aquifer deep under the valley floor.
Local watersheds are in trouble.
Local wealth makes a difference as well.
Local weather is hot and humid.
Local weather is mild in the summer and winter.
Local weather provides a variety of wind motions.
Local weather Think Different.
Local webmasters are responsible for ensuring adherence to relevant security practices.
Local website provides information on flights, frequent flyer program, and special deals.
Local wells have a very high salt content.
Local wells provide most of the drinking water.
Local wildlife dies.
Local wildlife includes the javelina, coati, deer and bobcat.
Local wildlife is often visible while on the course.
Local wind can also generate waves.
Local winds are small-scale winds produced by a locally generated pressure gradient.
Local winds arise only in specific areas on the earth.
Local winds can produce extreme weather conditions.
Local winds take place all over the world.
Local wine goes best with local food, including of course, cheese.
Local wine is prepared during autumn and drunk.
Local wine is prepared during autumn.
Local wines are available along with a selection of some higher-end labels.
Local wines are wonderful and very cheep.
Local wines are, of course, featured at very reasonable prices.
Local wines garner precious medals at Pacific Rim competition.
Local wines have a distinctive flavor.
Local wines Is a subcategory of table wines.
Many local wines are also very good here.
Many local wines are by the glass.
Local wineries abound just a few miles down the road.
Local wineries are happy to provide tastings year round.
Local wineries are in adjacent towns further north.
Local wineries produce some well known labels.
Local wineries provide regular tours and wine tastings for residents and visitors.
Local winner advances to state contest.
Local winners advance to five regional competitions.
Local winners advance to the Regional level, and Regional winners advance to National competition.
Local winners advance to the state level competition.
Local winners are automatically eligible for the national award.
Local winners are eligible for area, state and national competitions.
Local winners compete in regional, state, and national competitions.
Local winners compete in the statewide contest.
Local winners compete to advance to the regional level.
Local winners get to advance on to further competition against students from other area schools.
Local winners go on to compete at the regional level, and if they win there, at the national level.
Local winners go on to state contests.
Local winners have the opportunity to advance to the state and national events.
Local winners move on to compete at state and national conferences.
Local winners progress to national finals held in the fall.
Local wisdom states that all roads on the South Shore end up at a beautiful beach.
Local witches disagree.
Local women appear to be laughing, almost shyly, as they work and shop in the market.
Local women are often helpful to and protective of women travelers.
Local women can show off a fine salad or dessert.
Local women do the laundry in such openings.
Local women find lucrative employment in block making.
Local women guides, small groups, circles, laughter.
Local women make sicra bags from agave fiber and cushuri bags from artificial fiber.
Local women place flowers on the barrel in supplication for improved fertility.
Local women prepare three meals of typical Jamaican cuisine each day.
Local women produce some of the world's finest weaving.
Local women serve as home visitors in the home with the children and their mothers.
Local women tend to dress very conservative.
Local women weave and hand embroider fabrics, still a thriving business on the island.
Some local women go bare-breasted.
Local wool is used which is dyed only with vegetable colours.
Local work creates the basis for attending to international programs.
Local workers decide how to run the campaign.
Local workers discuss friends taken by the sea or who have given up on life.
Local wranglers take care of the horses.
Local writers can share their work.
Local writers have an edge.
Local writers talk about writing groups.
Local youth have another option.
Local youth sails in the marina canals.
Local youth say the U.S. military poses a threat to their future.
Local youths entering university normally choose Yerevan rather than Tbilisi.
Local youths feel the only way they can benefit from the region's oil wealth is by stealing.
A local is public transport
Locals access the global for various services.
Locals admit the best seasons are spring and fall.
Locals advise that the best times to view the tracks are in the morning and late afternoon.
Locals also carry out a broad range of professional and community relations programs.
Locals also dye thread and wool, which can be seen drying on rooftops, and weave typical materials.
Locals also like it for take-out.
Locals also load up on bug repellant, so follow their lead.
Locals also recommend the coffee drinks.
Locals also seem to feel it has the best upscale dining in the region.
Locals appreciate each season and look forward to the next change.
Locals appreciate the tough situation homeless are in, but they want more interest from the city.
Locals are a great source of information so ask around.
Locals are a key source of information.
Locals are a major part of the success of the stores.
Locals are also better able to advise on suitable helicopter landing sites.
Locals are always in charge.
Locals are always preferable to guys from elsewhere.
Locals are apt to say that people are paid one-third in sunshine.
Locals are avid bank, reef, beach, bay and cliff anglers too.
Locals are aware of the quiet bar.
Locals are both proud of local traditions and warmly welcoming to foreigners.
Locals are busy adjusting to life in Lebanon.
Locals are employees who have or desire long service.
Locals are familiar with the synagogue and quickly offer directions when asked.
Locals are free.
Locals are friendly with English widely understood.
Locals are generally less expensive than nationals.
Locals are generally willing to try it all, to a point.
Locals are glad to point out where to go for a taste of native Jamaican fun.
Locals are in boldface.
Locals are just as likely to be inspected or get a ticket.
Locals are local organizations.
Locals are more than ready for the hungry bikers' business.
Locals are on hand to offer advice about road conditions, places of interest and places to stay.
Locals are pleasant, but slow to befriend newcomers.
Locals are pretty matter of fact about the whole business of the grave.
Locals are public transport.
Locals are responsible for making their own banners.
Locals are rude, everything is overpriced, beaches are dirty.
Locals are scared to move about the city at night because of the high crime rate.
Locals are still wary, however.
Locals are the only artists displayed.
Locals are under no obligation to notify slates as to how much literature has been picked up.
Locals are unhappy with plans for an expanded preserve.
Locals are unlikely to offer alternative dropping off options.
Locals are usually great skiers with a bit of disdain for tourists.
Locals are usually pretty pleased to meet congenial visitors.
Locals are very anti-fed and distrust state agency personnel.
Locals are very friendly and most ski instructors speak English.
Locals are very friendly.
Locals are warm and friendly.
Locals arrive on beach cruisers and long skateboards.
Locals avoid the summertime heat by staying indoors when the temperature climbs.
Locals bare their innermost secrets.
Locals basically read information from the order flow and squeezed the weak party.
Locals begrudgingly accept their presence as a necessary evil.
Locals believe it treats everything from venereal disease to hangovers, though claims are unproven.
Locals believe more is at stake than their manner of speaking.
Locals believe that lights and stop signs are only suggestions.
Locals blame the curve of the line for lack of visibility.
Locals blame the government for caving into the environmental movement.
Locals brag about the lunker trout, the walleye and bass.
Locals bring barbecue grills, kites and beach blankets out to the grassy meadows.
Locals bring out ladders and attach seats to the top so the kids can sit up and get a good view.
Locals browse the offerings.
Locals call it upcountry.
Locals call the area Lake Michigan.
Locals call the left side birdie alley.
Locals can be a great source of info.
Locals can catch a glimpse of the work cruising around town.
Locals can catch the van at a designated hotel or motel.
Locals can choose to build new but the State can approve only up to the renovation cost.
Locals can elect officers of their ABA branch or local.
Locals can find out about local services and businesses.
Locals can interfere with explicit usage of the return stack.
Locals can no longer collect firewood or timber for building.
Locals can now pursue higher education without having to move away from the area.
Locals can only do so much damage.
Locals can only remember what it used to be.
Locals can save by buying season passes .
Locals can save shipping charges by picking up orders at that location during normal business hours.
Locals can spot tourists on the trains.
Locals carry home whole fresh-baked pies.
Locals celebrate the miracle by dancing, singing and, of course, by feasting on local delicacies.
Locals choose from three health and welfare plans and a menu of supplemental benefits.
Locals choose leather and oilskin over mink and mohair.
Locals claim all official posts are now for sale.
Locals claim it's blight resistant.
Locals claim that the flights disrupt their lives with noise pollution and ecological damage.
Locals claim that the ruined temple behind it was cursed to be ruined by an angry ascetic.
Locals claim that the storm is unprecedented.
Locals claim that the view from the top of the tower rivals the beauty of the Bay of Naples.
Locals claim that virtually no travelers came through town.
Locals claim that virtually no travellers came through town.
Locals claim to have jumped from one bank to another, which is certainly possible at several spots.
Locals claims that the temple is several generations old.
Locals clean out their freezers and donate game.
Locals come for picnics and to walk their dogs.
Locals come here to bask in the sunshine and tool around the pathways, admiring each other.
Locals come here to picnic, drink, sing and chat.
Locals come here to watch games on TV and chow down.
Locals come out from coves and small towns on the mainland for a day on the water.
Locals come vocally strong and clean with a secular sounding beat driven platter.
Locals complain a mistake by the contractor nearly endangered the environment.
Locals complain of intense itchiness, lumps and infections on their skin, and eye irritation.
Locals complain of lower land values because of the potential creation of a reserve-based community.
Locals complain that the longer ferry ride also holds back tourism and development.
Locals complain that there is no perimeter fence.
Locals consider it a casual place to enjoy gourmet food.
Locals consider the lake auspicious and gather here on ceremonial occasions.
Locals control public schools.
Locals credit the prickly rancher as the one who really galvanized public opinion against the plant.
Locals debate which is best, but both are superb.
Locals decide how to get there.
Locals declare that it is a time for mourning the dead killed in clashes with the Israeli army.
Locals define that in different ways.
Locals demonstrate their loyalty by coming back year after year to their favorite stands.
Locals describe it as the place to go for an anniversary dinner.
Locals describe the riot as the time the courthouse burned down.
Locals didn t complain, but visitors often compared the odor to a paper plant or rotten eggs.
Locals do catch browns in the four-pound range and the river does hold browns ever bigger than that.
Locals do have their idiosyncrasies.
Locals dress for the hot weather and visitors are learning to do the same.
Locals drink apple wine by the pitcher and night life can be hard to find.
Locals drink in the pub, and then do so again after a funeral.
Locals drink wine made from apples by the pitcher.
Locals drive by in pick-ups chatting on their cell phones.
Locals drop by for a bath or a meal.
Locals enjoy a British legal system and the larger part of British culture.
Locals enjoy a drink, and alcoholism is a rising problem.
Locals enjoy a picnic in the surrounding countryside.
Locals enjoy it for the visiting, entertainment, and eating.
Locals enjoy themselves there as well.
Locals entertain as well.
Locals especially recommend going in spring or fall, when there s less fog.
Locals fear the worst.
Locals feel the exact same way.
Locals feel threatened and degraded by inappropriate behaviour of tourists.
Locals flock here after work for the live reggae.
Locals flock to the hotel bars at night to see the celebrities.
Locals flock to the restaurants and lounges.
Locals flock to the roadside to witness the procession.
Locals gather around the table, smack, smack, smack, slurp, whistle.
Locals gather at the market to buy fresh produce, cut flowers, pastries and herbs.
Locals gather for a relaxed atmosphere while socializing amongst friends.
Locals gather here.
Locals gear up to share passion for railroad modeling.
Locals generally blame bats for holding up land development.
Locals get a special cheaper rate.
Locals get around by bicycle.
Locals get excited about the possibility of winning a basket and even off-Hillers get in on the fun.
Locals go by mini bus which costs substantially less.
Locals go early.
Locals go for the outstanding food - and an opportunity to soak up the ambience of a posh hotel.
Locals go there to sit and watch the beautiful sunsets.
Locals gravitate here and enjoy the clublike ambiance.
Locals grows and delivers high-quality, organic produce to local food businesses and consumers.
Locals hang out here.
Locals have a privileged position, being able to profit from the spread between the bid and ask.
Locals have a stake in their business, and they know that service is important.
Locals have an enduring love-hate relationship with their paradoxical city.
Locals have folktales about how golden marmots got their whistles.
Locals have long know Philadelphia to be a food lover's paradise.
Locals have the schedule memorized.
Locals have their preference.
Locals have three options on paying their property taxes.
Locals hawk surfboard rentals and rides in brightly colored outrigger canoes.
Locals here call the three-day festival simply the festival of the Old West, and for good reason.
Locals here take it upon themselves to make visitors feel right at home.
Locals here treat visitors more like guests than tourists.
Locals hold strike votes.
Locals insist that successive generations of whales return.
Locals insist that the peak just left of center is the summit.
Locals join in for a day or two at a time.
Locals joke about needing traffic lights on the water on summer weekends.
Locals joke that soon they'll be able to commute to Moscow.
Locals just vanish.
Locals keep the secrets to themselves.
Locals know best.
Locals know that means they have the traffic in sight.
Locals know that the people who encounter trouble are usually the ones who have been drinking.
Locals know they can count on The Cottage no matter what their budgets and preferences.
Locals know they have to drive around the pole, even if they're making a left.
Locals know to park right at the Sun Bowl lodge to avoid the ticket lines at the main lodge area.
Locals know to reserve in advance the number of loaves they desire as the bread goes quickly.
Locals know to stop in weekly.
Locals know, though, that wintertime can get nippy.
Locals lament the fact that their secret is out.
Locals leap from one side of a canal to another with the aid of an aluminum pole.
Locals like to camp here during school holidays.
Locals like to rinse their rice until the water is clear before cooking.
Locals line up early with animals for the free treatment.
Locals list, with despair, the number of factories that seem to be closing.
Locals lobby town councils to preserve jobs.
Locals look upon it with emotional significance.
Locals love a good brai , or barbecue.
Locals love it for food and conversation.
Locals love it, too.
Locals love the chicken pot pies and the enormous beef and onion-filled pasties.
Locals love the mountains, and our visitors are often awed by their beauty.
Locals love the place after a night on the town, when they'll eat just about anything.
Locals love the spot.
Locals love the system.
Locals love to bring friends.
Locals love to order take-out and enjoy their meal while watching the sunset.
Locals maintain a great variety of outdoor activities year round.
Locals make all stops.
Locals make the best of it.
Locals make their purchases directly from the depository.
Locals meet there, take classes and shoot pool.
Locals mourn the loss of so many trees that held so many memories.
Locals now harvest the forest sustainably.
Locals offer knowing smiles but keep walking past.
Locals offer maps and info on lunch spots, parking, and transit.
Locals offer to sell loose stones in the streets at significantly lower prices.
Locals openly curse officials in the streets.
Locals operate cage-diving boats that offer the tourist with a big shot of adrenaline.
Locals oppose the plan, citing environmental impacts and noise pollution.
Locals pair it with fresh oysters - a great combination.
Locals participate in numerous recreational activities year round.
Locals participate in subsistence consumption of fish and caribou.
Locals pause in their daily constitutionals.
Locals pay half that price.
Locals persuade the group by stating how prepared they are to deal with the event.
Locals play a lot at first light or at night.
Locals powerwalk, jog and rent swan-shaped boats at the huge lagoon that is the area's nexus.
Locals prefer their sandwiches extra wet, with cheese and gardinara.
Locals prefer to visit in spring, fall and winter when the tourists have gone home.
Locals pride themselves on Manhattan Beach's friendly, low-key atmosphere.
Locals proudly claim it to be the oldest agricultural show in the British Commonwealth.
Locals rally round Local people rallied around to help during the clean-up.
Locals rank a close second to the press.
Locals rate it in the top three.
Locals rave about the rock shrimp fettucine.
Locals read the paper and catch up on news at the counter.
Locals receive a share of vehicle fees.
Locals recreate the mediaeval ambiance of that distant thirteenth century.
Locals refer to it as the 'fallen train'.
Locals regard it as their birthright to take advantage of foreigners.
Locals remain independent, known for their outspoken dislike of the federal government.
Locals remember that day.
Locals remember the story handed down from ancestors.
Locals repeatedly hold it up as an example of sustainable design principles for new developments.
Locals report mixed luck at times.
Locals retain autonomy in local affairs.
Locals say a Greek woman living near the Sponge Docks once told fortunes from coffee cups.
Locals say a mysterious blue lady wanders near the river.
Locals say an occasional crocodile can still be spotted among the mangrove thickets.
Locals say it is a very clean, excellent swimming lake.
Locals say it is even possible to experience the weather of four different seasons in one day.
Locals say it looks like a crouching elephant.
Locals say it raids livestock holdings.
Locals say it was named after Grassy Island, an island that is always green.
Locals say it's often like that around the Olympic site.
Locals say it's one of the best places to picnic and watch surfers.
Locals say it's the world's best boat-building timber.
Locals say it's very funny to watch.
Locals say one Seattle doctor comes to soak in the hotel's mineral pools each year.
Locals say outsiders they're paying the price because of outsiders.
Locals say some beaches have more people than pebbles.
Locals say street gun fights between gold and opium smugglers are common.
Locals say that the crocodiles had multiplied manifold over the years.
Locals say that the crossing is normally very safe and used frequently by fishermen.
Locals say that the sulfur-rich water is medicinal.
Locals say that there are several outstanding holes on the course.
Locals say that they have heard footsteps creaking on the wooden floor even though no one is there.
Locals say that's where the salt water enters.
Locals say the best way to fill a stringer is by drifting salmon eggs or angle worms.
Locals say the dirt route has barely changed since the Civil War.
Locals say the elephants have developed a taste for the brew.
Locals say the fish are fewer and smaller than in past decades.
Locals say the fishing is good.
Locals say the lights have been viewed for a long time.
Locals say the lines to see the tunnels in the high-tourism season can be very long.
Locals say the statue's mouth has been moving in time with prayers being said at the grotto.
Locals say the village burned for more than three days.
Locals say the yucky wall probably got started when the town became nonsmoking.
Locals say their appetizers give skiers and boarders a lot of snacking for a little money.
Locals say there is no hard evidence that is the case.
Locals say there's still a lot of untapped oil but low prices are discouraging new wells.
Locals say they are excellent weather forecasters because they are quiet when bad weather is coming.
Locals say they can no longer afford to pay council tax and feed their children.
Locals say they even caught some policemen removing wallets and jewelry from the dead.
Locals say they know of only one major accident occurring on Plum Island.
Locals say they left so quickly there are still clothes in the houses.
Locals say, with some pride, that it's possible to experience all four seasons in one day.
Locals says they keep the Soviet relics as a reminder of the past.
Locals seek out dens to kill marauding animals, and human activities encroach on the habitats.
Locals seem to drive pretty fast, but they give bikers a wide berth.
Locals seem to have fun with the conference.
Locals shake out the kinks and get ready.
Locals shake their heads in wonder at the numbers of people.
Locals shop here alongside tourists for various gift and food items.
Locals show up to do some serious partying, and visitors soon feel right at home.
Locals showing off their talents include everything from cloggers to taekwondo classes.
Locals sit at tables on the sidewalk discussing politics.
Locals smoke the lighter stuff.
Locals speak of flood and ebb tides, eddies, tide lines etc.
Locals spend all year preparing and saving for it.
Locals stack Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Locals start at the campground and ride the loop counterclockwise.
Locals still believe in the spring's power and drink and bathe in it's waters.
Locals still celebrate their heritage, which is more Prussian than German.
Locals still consider it an island nevertheless.
Locals still like to refer to it as Saigon.
Locals still smile and are glad to give directions.
Locals still speculate about the exact site of the legendary tree.
Locals still use the road as a cattle trail.
Locals still whisper about bodies trapped down below.
Locals swear by great schools and wholesome country charm and very low density.
Locals swear it brings good luck.
Locals swear that anyone can catch a Butternut musky under full moon.
Locals swear the stuff is addictive.
Locals swear the two best fruitcakes in the world are made in the Ozarks.
Locals take a day or two off work, or hunt on the weekends.
Locals take advantage of lower summer rates.
Locals take full advantage of the region's friendly weather year-round.
Locals take picnic suppers and bottles of wine to be enjoyed as they watch the sun set from here.
Locals take pride in their course now.
Locals take the future of the endangered loggerhead turtle very seriously.
Locals talk about burnout from working on too many civic committees.
Locals tell a story of a miner and mule taken by the same flood along with several sacks of gold.
Locals tell of a fight between two youths - one white, one Asian.
Locals tell of ducks, geese, sheep, cattle and goats once being a regular sight grazing on there.
Locals tell of gruesome killings.
Locals tell two interesting stories about the place.
Locals tend to dress up, while visitors wear whatever's least wrinkled.
Locals tend to eat out often and can be very particular.
Locals tend to go to the lake park, mostly for the beach or fishing.
Locals thank the weather.
Locals think if it comes from far away, it's better.
Locals threaten to burn police stations unless suspects are handed over.
Locals throw rocks at an armored vehicle.
Locals troubleshoot an original pattern plane.
Locals turn out to watch and help.
Locals understand local conditions.
Locals use arts and music as activism tools.
Locals use bicycles as the preferred mode of transportation.
Locals use it to take short cuts as a quicker way of reaching their homes on the other side.
Locals use postal codes, which can be quickly learned.
Locals use the back roads to get from here to there as promptly as possible.
Locals use the gun fire to check their watches.
Locals use the leaves for weaving, thatching and scouring.
Locals use the teeth of piranha fish in tools and weapons.
Locals use their horns to say hello to other drivers.
Locals walk past it and pay little attention.
Locals walk to it from the town center.
Locals wear hiking boots and they do.
Locals welcome, too.
Locals work along the main line where the milepost symbols appear.
Locals work both districts.
Locals work hard to preserve the county s natural resources and beauty.
Locals work hard to preserve the county's natural resources and beauty.
Locals work the river, pond and small streams mostly with just rod and reel.
Locals always ask their servers where it comes from.
Locals always carry stones in their pockets to ward off aggressive dogs.
Locals always give the best tours.
Locals frequently joke that pirates also still take refuge in the bay.
Locals often neglect visiting gems that are in their own backyard.
Locals often raft up here for a day of liesure.
Locals often report the sites when they see unusually bumpy ground or what appears to be bones.
Locals often schedule an action after each monthly or bimonthly union meeting.
Locals often swim and relax on the lower two levels.
Locals often use ponies as a means tranportation.
Locals usually sail the eastern shore.
All locals have unique situations and procedures.
All locals stop at every station building along their route.
Every local is encouraged to send a full delegation.
Every local is mandated to establish an environment committee.
Many locals also employ their own staff.
Many locals also rent out rooms in their houses.
Many locals are now determined to use every means at their disposal to fend off Serbian attack.
Many locals believe such rumblings are an omen of looming political trouble.
Many locals believe they struggle to get work because employers are put off by their address.
Many locals blame environmentalists for the decline.
Many locals buy a timeshare at the beach to have a resort to go to.
Many locals call it their favorite season.
Many locals claim having seen the carving, but it has since eroded away.
Many locals consider the pricey Strip shows off-limits.
Many locals contribute to the expenses of the delegates they elect.
Many locals depend upon tourism for their livelihoods, and most welcome visitors warmly.
Many locals enjoy their meals here while meeting with their friends.
Many locals find the monument beautiful, while some find it funny.
Many locals go here and it s fairly inexpensive.
Many locals hang out along the wall.
Many locals have a strong feeling for the destroyer.
Many locals keep locations a guarded secret.
Many locals make a living from tourism.
Many locals make their living by selling such baskets.
Many locals move around on two wheels, sharing lanes with bladers and joggers.
Many locals prefer hiking during autumn.
Many locals prefer the area's cultural events and annual festivals that occur throughout Lee County.
Many locals rave about the diverse delicacies that are found all over the town.
Many locals refer to it as poison ivy because they've experienced the blisters and terrible itching.
Many locals say they view the official Indian ceasefire announcement with suspicion.
Many locals say they'll miss the fountain that was there before but are resigned to the change.
Many locals speak a passable English, and anyone in the tourist industry definitely does.
Many locals speak at least a bit of English.
Many locals state that they have never seen a tree 'roo in the years they've been here.
Many locals stay closeted.
Many locals suspicion the plan has more to do with control than with fish.
Many locals teach conflict resolution.
Many locals think Westerners are all rich.
Many locals use their Web sites to recognize achievements by members and students.
Many locals use twelve foot rods.
Many locals walk or jog here, ignored by jays, coveys of doves and the odd woodpecker.
Many locals wander around on the dark road, there is almost no traffic.
Many locals wear protective helmets and a few even wear booties.
Many locals work at the resort and for the most part, they are very nice.
More locals play eightliners than voted in the last election.
Most locals also go to the temple to pray for a good year ahead.
Most locals also publish their own newsletter.
Most locals also speak Spanish.
Most locals are small scale subsistence farmers.
Most locals avoid the restaurants at the wharf like the plague.
Most locals bring several containers to be filled with soup.
Most locals can point visitors in the right direction.
Most locals carry a roll of dental floss, for help in tree rescues.
Most locals do just that.
Most locals do the same.
Most locals favor small pink and white wool balls or cured salmon eggs.
Most locals opt for zorries, rubber slippers, or sandals.
Most locals purchase the first year's dues for their retiring members.
Most locals receive only a small amount of the profits.
Most locals say however Tanilba means 'place of white flowers'.
Most locals seem to know how to get to the site.
Most locals speak and write fluent English.
Some locals act as brokers as well, but are subject to certain rules that protect customer orders.
Some locals adopt a constitution providing for both.
Some locals are sceptical.
Some locals attest to the fact that the lights start over Lake Superior and make their way inland.
Some locals can still recall witnessing the conversion of the shop into a house.
Some locals come in shorts and t-shirts, while some of the women wait in dresses and heels.
Some locals dislike it, quietly.
Some locals drink in the pub.
Some locals employ their own support staff.
Some locals even eat lion tamarins.
Some locals even play water polo in rubber duckies on all but the stormiest days.
Some locals feel the whole crisis has gone too far.
Some locals feel there are already enough predators in the area.
Some locals hire staff to provide services to the members.
Some locals hold a grudge against students for some reasons best known to themselves.
Some locals just saunter by for a tall glass of juice, squeezed to order.
Some locals maintain that the area music scene is improving.
Some locals regard the overbridge as an eyesore.
Some locals save their money all year to buy costumes for the grand parades.
Some locals say the troops even use a perceived threat against the U.S. company to go after rebels.
Some locals still venture into the dark interior to collect guano and bird nests.
Some locals suggest a coyote attack, others, theft.
Some locals take advantage of foreigners' desperation, particularly young, attractive foreigners.
Some locals volunteer to do it.
A locale is a scene
Locale are three of the identified areas of work.
Locale contains the locale of the index.
Locale defines several equivalent getDisplay methods that take no arguments.
Locale fixes to RC file parsing code.
Locale immediately needs showing talent.
Locale is a concern in custody considerations, but Form No.
Locale is a factor here.
Locale is a little quieter and is famed for spectacular views.
Locale is the locale in which custom is running.
Locale is the primary reason the New Mexico natives moved to the Jones County community.
Locale Points to a character string containing the required setting for the Category parameter.
Locale provides good coffee, enjoyable people-watching.
Locales are a tricky point.
Locales are reasonably compact and contiguous.
Locales are standard operating system features.
Locales are virtual places for group work situated in the computer network.
Locales can range from a crowded spaceport to a lonely frontier outpost.
Locales change from year to year.
Locales Click on the banner to return to the user guide home page.
Locales contain their own holiday tables and weekend rules.
Locales lend their identity to the names of certain foods, too.
Locales range from all over the globe.
Locales range from Iraqi oil refineries to corporate offices in Tokyo.
Locales range from theatres to city streets to beaches.
Locales span the globe.
Every locale has different opportunities.
Every locale is different.
Every locale is plush with activity too.
Many locales already have variable signage resources, agreements with local media outlets, and more.
Many locales have laws that limit or prohibit same-sex sexual activity .
Most locales have colorful, special issue plates.
Most locales have tuberculosis registries and track sexually transmitted diseases as well.
Most locales resemble ancient Egyptian-style architecture.
Some locales limit handing literature to motorists or stepping into the street.
Some locales require h , m and s as part of the display.
Some locales require that tax be collected even on free or discounted nights.
Some locales support neither wide characters nor nontrivial multibyte characters.
Localisable indexing needs to be more structured than traditional indexing.
Localisation is a finding
Localisation is a very important part of creating applications.
Localisation is key in our endeavor to engage a culturally diverse audience in Asia.
Localisation is much more than the simple translation of written elements of a software package.
Localisation is the proper answer.
Localisation is therefore also a necessary partner to globalisation.
Localisation refers to the adaptation of a product or service to a particular market.
Localisations support and translations.
Localised control has advantages over hierarchical control because the robots can be autonomous.
Localised economies can be 'ecological exporters' through example and economic influence.
Localised fighting continues.
Localised flooding is a possibility.
Localised radiotherapy is used to treat affected bones.
A localism is partisanship
Localism can be strong if conditions are good.
Localism is assessed by several questions, including a localism value scale.
Localism is just another word for territorialism.
Localism is small-mindedness.
Localism only succeeds when it becomes global.
Locality of reference is one of the reasons why caches work well in many areas of computing .
Locality of reference is one of the reasons why caches work well in many areas of computing.
A locality is a section
Localities also can impose tough laws against unscrupulous contractors.
Localities are in bold and are followed by the name of the applicable religious institution.
Localities are in Queensland unless otherwise specified.
Localities are no longer local.
Localities are often idealistic in their projections.
Localities are places on the earth where fossils are found.
Localities are the cities, towns, boroughs and other administrative areas which comprise the region.
Localities assess non-operating property.
Localities assume that something is wrong with people or that they have some kind of deficit.
Localities attract attention.
Localities can also have tough laws against unscrupulous contractors.
Localities can simply use the funding to pay for existing teachers.
Localities change frequently and can be found in the margins of each page.
Localities contain individuals.
Localities continue to find themselves behind the eight ball in dealing with the issue of growth.
Localities decide on their own fire protection services.
Localities demand nothing more than that customers drop their quarters into the vendingmachine slot.
Localities deny that.
Localities design the types of projects they want.
Localities draw UGBs for state approval.
Localities feel unfairly overburdened.
Localities handle their own real estate, tangible personal property and utility taxes.
Localities have conditions.
Localities have flexibility in how they want to manage the training.
Localities have little freedom to stop the onslaught and blight of cell towers.
Localities have the option to match the sales tax exemption.
Localities Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Localities impose the tax.
Localities levy taxes for local governmental operations.
Localities make money by giving tickets to illegally parked cars.
Localities recruit business.
Localities require licenses for certain types of businesses.
Locality implies that miniaturization increases speed.
Locality is a central issue in any large parallel computing machine.
Locality is also important most students are working and studying at the same time.
Locality is also important to scalable machines that support a shared address space in hardware.
Locality is also important.
Locality is always crucial to performance no matter what the computing environment.
Locality is even the same.
Locality is increased by dynamically subdividing the server's working set over the back-ends.
Locality is Jamestown, California.
Locality is related to the concept of causality.
Locality is repeated numerous times in each volume.
Locality is required.
Locality is the exciting, new Internet strategy for local business.
Locality is the key in both cases.
Locality is the key word.
Locality is to be found above the eyebrows.
Locality isa location.
Locality means the reasonable assumption that no signal can travel faster than the speed of light.
All localities already require a permit for such an installation.
All localities are found within the tropical forest.
All localities can receive Warning notifications through several systems.
Every locality has a specific number of delegate votes on the convention floor.
Every locality has some.
Many localities also offer free credit counseling as well.
Many localities are broke.
Many localities collect a transfer tax whenever a property changes hands.
Many localities exist on the west coast of the U.S., chiefly in the Coast Ranges of California.
Many localities have curfews that apply to minors in public places at certain hours.
Many localities have flights only a few times a week.
Many localities have laws which restrict or even ban betting.
Many localities offer day camps and some are free to residents.
Many localities restrict using residences for offices or businesses in some way.
Many localities sponsor free cleanup days once or twice a year at convenient drop-off points.
Many localities use the expansion of their retail trade sector as an economic development tool.
More localities offer free cell phones.
Most localities also have fines for businesses or pedestrians caught littering.
Most localities attract attention.
Most localities contain individuals.
Most localities have a local sailboard association.
Most localities have conditions.
Most localities have support groups.
Most localities require a building permit for large home improvement projects.
Most localities require electricians to be licensed.
Most localities tax private homes, land, and business property based on the property's value.
Most localities there have fairly uniform looking boas save different amounts of black tipping.
Some localities are in Sec.
Some localities are near towns.
Some localities are obvious, others are very dependent on the context they are used in.
Some localities are registered reserves and permission is required for collecting.
Some localities contain so much fossil wood that they can be termed petrified forests.
Some localities even help residents purchase low-flow shower heads and toilets to conserve water.
Some localities exists in Sweden.
Some localities give more, some give less.
Some localities have citizen task forces which assist in developing transportation plans.
Some localities have clinic-access laws all their own.
Some localities have crocodilians.
Some localities have parades with the townsfolk dressing up as various ghouls and skeletons.
Some localities immobilize the car with a wheel lock.
Some localities occur in beautiful forested hill country, others in dry, desertlike terrain.
Some localities prohibit bicycling on sidewalks.
Some localities restrict the right of property owners to build separate structures.
Localization assists the surgeon in finding the area to biopsy.
Localization can add months to product development cycles.
Localization can occur due to discretization.
Localization deals with the translation of textual elements to a particular locale.
Localization goes beyond accurately written translation.
Localization involves far more than simple translation.
Localization involves the linguistic and cultural translation of text and graphics.
Localization is a finding
Localization is a step in that direction.
Localization is a way of life for many countries.
Localization is already available for several languages and very easy to add for future ones.
Localization is also the adaptation of a product for a specific locale.
Localization is an important element in their marketing strategy.
Localization is another task which is frequently overlooked by commercial software developers.
Localization is another unique selling point.
Localization is another.
Localization is costly and expenses are multiplied by the number of target markets.
Localization is crucial to capture market share.
Localization is determination.
Localization is essential for the oncoprotein to be active.
Localization is eye movement or turning the head towards the direction of the sound source.
Localization is highly accurate, precise, and reproducible.
Localization is key in our endeavor to engage a culturally diverse audience in Asia.
Localization is made up of basis, quality adjustments, interest on margin, and commission.
Localization is more dependant on time than on amplitude.
Localization is more than just translating a product.
Localization is most accurate with high frequency sounds with sharp attacks.
Localization is much more than conversion.
Localization is one of the less glamorous aspects of computing.
Localization is shown for local or random perturbations of periodic media with gap in the spectrum.
Localization is still important because most people prefer to read content in their native language.
Localization is the act of changing a design so it works properly in the end user's locale.
Localization is the adaptation of a system for a particular locale.
Localization is the demand for autonomy and political voice expressed by regions and communities.
Localization is the heart of surround sound.
Localization is the latest buzzword in the consumer goods and services industries.
Localization is the linguistic adaptation of a product for specific geographic markets.
Localization is the other part of the process.
Localization is the partner process of globalization.
Localization is the process by which the puppy develops attachment to particular places.
Localization is the process during which the kitten develops attachment to particular places.
Localization is the process of adapting a global product for a particular language and country.
Localization is the process of adapting a product for use in specific markets and countries.
Localization is the process of adapting a program for use in a specific locale.
Localization is the process of adapting to local conventions such as date and time presentations.
Localization is to the midbrain and the cause is neurosyphilis.
Localization is very hard as there are strings hardwired all around.
Localization is welcome.
Localization is what often trips companies up.
Localization makes a product local to the user.
Localization means modifying a translation to fit a local culture's patterns of language usage.
Localization phenomena in thermo-viscoplastic flow processes under cyclic dynamic loadings.
Localization reverses the trend of globalization by discriminating in favour of the local.
Localization ultimately leads to the question about an understanding of different cultures.
Some localizations are incomplete though, especially in the HTML modes.
Localize effects can have effects.
Localize effects can have tremendous effects.
Most localize effects can have effects.
Most localize effects can have tremendous effects.
Localized areas can suffer severe damage.
Localized areas have soil contamination, predominantly nitroaromatics and lead.
Localized auctions target local buyers rather than a global audience.
Localized cancer is most curable.
Localized cancers are tumors that are still contained within the organ in which they started.
Localized capture includes the use of vacuum blasting and shrouded power tools.
Localized damage is reported to sugar plantations and the important banana crop.
Localized flooding is also possible in urban areas such as streets and underpasses.
Localized flooding is possible in Texas.
Localized flow suppresses fluctuations where flow shear is largest.
Localized heating is generated by friction between the tool and the workpiece.
Localized hives are usually due to skin contact with plants, pollen, food or pet saliva.
Localized hyperthermia is useful only for superficial tumors.
Localized infections can lead to generalized, and occasionally fatal, bacteremia.
Localized information is already available for major cities around China.
Localized information is stored in files that reside in different directories.
Localized injection approaches for the control of pain.
Localized injections are important options.
Localized involvement is most common in the mediastinal, mesenteric, or anterior cervical nodes.
Localized ischemia occurs during an ischemic brain attack.
Localized pain is treated through Traditional Chinese body acupuncture.
Localized promotions capitalize on a niche that no one else can own.
Localized regulations can do it much better.
Localized software is usually more expensive to buy, in order to pay for the cost of localization.
Localized storms dot the landscape, but basically the drought continues.
Localized structures appear and interact in various complicated-looking ways.
Localized tasks are dependable since all job processing is performed by the agent.
Localized versions are also available in the respective language subdirectory.
Localized versions are available for cities around the world.
Localized versions are on the way.
Localized versions have the menu and instructions in the native language of the user.
Locals calls are free.
Locate bale rows away from fences and tree lines to avoid contact with snow drifts.
Locate dirt piles away from roads and waterways.
Locate food strips close to dense escape cover.
Locate job leads Practice for an interview, and Follow up on job leads and interviews.
Locate press releases via a new keyword search or through company archives.
Locate sales leads.
Locate sources are available.
Locate storm drains near the school to be painted.
Locate world species scientific and common names using a standardized index.
Located events are put into finger quake, it is updated whenever event is located.
Location awareness provides an added dimension to better understand customer behaviors.
Location awareness refers to applications or services that make use of location information.
Location data includes owner information, telephone numbers, and amount and type of product.
Location data is a highly sensitive category of information.
Location data is updated quickly using optical encoders at the joints.
Location independence is predicated on standard protocols and platform independence.
Location information is entered here.
Location information is gathered and returned to the application subject to privacy agreements.
Location information is given as decimal latitude and longitude with latitudes positive.
Location information is in the syllabus.
Location information is listed on the web page .
Location information is maintained and used by the network for call routing purposes.
Location information is passed to the states for action.
Location information is specified on the copy screen for each item in the online catalog.
Location information is the cornerstone.
Location information is written on the back of most photographs.
Location information presents unique risks to privacy and potential for other forms of harm.
Location information provides an overall picture of business performance.
Location information varies depending on information available.
Location managers can choose from rural, farmland, lake shore, desert, river or steep canyon.
Location managers sketch the locations and the camera angles to be used.
Location models based upon the feasible set approach typically use integer programming .
Location models evaluate the costs and benefits of any number of proposed facility locations.
Location name can be anything.
Location names are links to images and a description of the building.
Many location names are hard to find or have changed.
Location number is required to book videocassettes.
Location numbers are apt to change over time.
Location numbers refer to the large campus map .
Location quotients assist in finding high concentrations of particular industries.
Location quotients have limitations.
Location quotients measure the extent to which different areas depart from some norm.
Location services are a good example.
Location services are free.
Location services are just one example of system-level activities affected by nomadicity.
Location services are the latest new trend .
Location services bring applications based on location to businesses and consumers.
Location services can also assist with more important and lasting choices.
Location services provide better business intelligence across the full spectrum of an enterprise.
Location services raises the ante in geospatial processing.
Location shoots are a speciality.
Location shooting helps.
Location theory is an element of economic development, regional economics, and economic geography.
Location theory suggests that industry moves to areas with the greatest profit potential.
Location transparency is guaranteed through the use of the proxy-stub mechanism.
A location is an object
Location affects architecture which in turn affects the way of life for all who live there.
Location affects architecture which in turn affectsthe way of life for all who live there.
Location affects economics, tax, regulatory compliance, supply sources and many other elements.
Location affects pay rates.
Location affects price.
Location affects the demand that people have for the product offered by the retail chain.
Location also adds to the appeal.
Location also adds to the underwriting mix.
Location also affects price.
Location also dictates the house prices, whether buying or building.
Location also drives the vacancy rates of rental units.
Location also facilitates each student's marketing skills.
Location also factors into the puzzle.
Location also impacts price setting in terms of expense variables.
Location also makes a difference.
Location also matters.
Location also seems to play a part in the disorders.
Location appears in italics.
Location appears in parenthesis.
Location appears to be the number one criteria when choosing a nursing home.
Location are across the United States.
Location Based in Silicon Valley, but resource pool is global.
Location based services play well into the telematics market.
Location becomes a moot point, and warfare accelerates on an astronomical scale.
Location becomes irrelevant.
Location becomes unimportant.
Location Call anytime for further information, estimates, or to schedule a portfolio review.
Location Call no.
Location can affect plant potency.
Location can also be a factor.
Location can also hamper the search.
Location can also influence the risk of frost damage.
Location can also make a difference.
Location can also play a huge role in pricing.
Location can be a barrier to participating in education.
Location can be absolute or relative.
Location can be an issue as well.
Location can be another cause of litter box problems.
Location can be anywhere that serves the greatest number of folks.
Location can be at a home or a restaurant.
Location can be either a local position or out of state.
Location can be marked current, can display breakpoint and can be focused - highlighted.
Location can be quickly and easily determined by viewing the location on a site map of the facility.
Location can be the most important factor to consider when finding an apartment.
Location can describe how one place relates to another.
Location can determine the type of internships and projects likely to be available.
Location can have a great effect on productivity.
Location can make a big bottom line difference.
Location can mean more than the situation of the house in the neighborhood.
Location can play a key role in successfully completing a search.
Location can play a key role in the quality of a college experience.
Location can service any area at competitive freight rates.
Location can vary, determined by union seniority.
Location ceases to matter on the Internet.
Location certainly is still number one on the list.
Location changes as each member hostesses.
Location changes each month.
Location changes every month.
Location changes every week.
Location changes from time to time.
Location changes monthly depending on host.
Location changes seasonally.
Location changes throughout event.
Location Check the full directions for parking information.
Location Click to find out about advertizing here.
Location Come face to face with sharks in Springfield, Missouri, of all places.
Location constantly evolves relative to a perceiver.
Location contains the address of the web page currently viewed.
Location contains very specific locations or wider areas.
Location continues to be one of the biggest factors influencing the tenant market.
Location depends largely on how a technology is used.
Location depends on a number of factors including resource availability, cost and infrastructure.
Location depends on availability of meeting facilities and the preference of the majority.
Location depends on club size and planned activities.
Location depends on snow and weather conditions .
Location depends upon whether the raw material or the finished product costs more to ship.
Location depends where the member of staff is based.
Location determines the amount of tax benefit for each commercial property.
Location determines the channels of distribution.
Location displays the Internet address of the current Web page.
Location Displays the location of the hotel.
Location draws crowds from Philadelphia-New Jersey.
Location Ensure the location desired is suitable for the largest scenario.
Location Enter standard library location code.
Location Enter the city, then the two-character abbreviation for the state.
Location Enter the full path to the location of the shared object for the cartridge.
Location Enter the location of the hotel.
Location Enter the physical meeting place for the event.
Location Enter the room and building where the computer being registered is located.
Location filming in Morocco completes the setting, giving the movie a sense of wonder and reality.
Location Find out our business hours and use our automap to map driving directions to our lot.
Location Find out where the museum is located and how to get their, complete with maps.
Location Follow the link below to zoom out and navigate around the map.
Location fronts on three main roads.
Location further describes how one place relates to another.
Location Get away to one of the most beautiful places in Pennsylvania.
Location Get close to all the fun.
Location give full or partial like charleston, seaside etc.
Location gives population another boost.
Location Gives the location of the redirected object.
Location gives way to branding and brand protection.
Location greatly impacts salaries associated with rank and equipment costs.
Location has a great deal to do with success.
Location has a significant impact on crime in India .
Location has a significant impact on crime in India.
Location has alot to do with the safety and the education in the schools.
Location has good activities for children.
Location has good potential .
Location has little to do with success.
Location has more to do with whether a person goes to seminary than any other single factor.
Location has no bearing on taste.
Location has nothing to do with it.
Location has several variables that apply to the home search.
Location has spectacular views of the city and mountains and a park-like garden setting.
Location has yet to be confirmed.
Location helps too, as does time of day.
Location Here are the directions from Palm Springs.
Location identifies the location of an event with directions, costs and notes.
Location implies a three dimensional reference frame in the rectangular coordinates x, y, and z.
Location includes a restaurant, gift shop and museum.
Location includes an ocean view from the office windows in highly desirable Jupiter, Florida.
Location includes licensed bar and souvenir shop.
Location includes sites in Italy and Austria.
Location Indicates the default hyperlink for the image.
Location indicates the exact placement of a record at the time the inventory is taken.
Location indicates the stack location within the library.
Location indicates where the employee was working.
Location influences community banks' challenges.
Location involves minerals like gold and silver under general mining laws.
Location is a big factor also since the cost of living varies geographically as well.
Location is a big factor in a home's appraised value.
Location is a big factor in ice fishing.
Location is a big factor.
Location is a common denominator in every human endeavor.
Location is a complex and changing attribute.
Location is a critical consideration for deciding on type of caterer.
Location is a critical factor for anyone opening a store.
Location is a critical success factor in any enterprise.
Location is a factor, no doubt.
Location is a factor.
Location is a great factor for why some regions emerged with leading cities.
Location is a hint for where the document is.
Location is a key consideration when buying a home.
Location is a key factor for several reasons.
Location is a key factor in operating efficiency.
Location is a key factor in the price range.
Location is a key ingredient to the program's success.
Location is a key.
Location is a major consideration when installing the panel.
Location is a major consideration.
Location is a major factor for the industry setup.
Location is a major factor in the property's attractiveness.
Location is a major factor.
Location is a non-issue for implementation, support or hosting.
Location is a northern suburb.
Location is a northwest suburb of Chicago.
Location is a pleasant surburban office park.
Location is a prime factor in the cost of all real estate.
Location is a problem when it comes to a man's prostate.
Location is a required value for all sub-entities.
Location is a serious consideration in choosing a hotel for a vacation or health spa.
Location is a significant advantage.
Location is a site along the historic Boston Harbor waterfront.
Location is a southwest suburb.
Location is a suburb of Pittsburgh, surrounded by parks and recreational facilities.
Location is a vital factor in selecting a home.
Location is a western suburb.
Location is a Western suburb.
Location is actually a big problem for every freestyler, except for maybe the Bay Area.
Location is actually an historical Acadian village setting which is a tourist destination.
Location is adjacent to the dining hall.
Location is adjacent to the Salt River, Pike County, Missouri.
Location is all along downtown Erie.
Location is all important in calendar conversions.
Location is all-important for retail and hospitality businesses.
Location is all-important.
Location is almost meaningless on the globe-girdling Net.
Location is also a big factor.
Location is also a consideration for the band's recording.
Location is also a factor.
Location is also a major key when it comes to restaurants.
Location is also a primary factor.
Location is also a problem faced by Armstrong.
Location is also a variable in the cost.
Location is also an important factor for conference, meeting and event organisers.
Location is also an important factor.
Location is also an issue and a big factor when figuring out cost.
Location is also important on the other islands.
Location is also important so the site is often local to the film crew.
Location is also important.
Location is also self explanatory.
Location is also variable.
Location is always a nice consideration when visiting a pub.
Location is always critical in real estate purchase considerations.
Location is always forever transient and wandering.
Location is an additional aid.
Location is an aspect of information constantly used to organize interactions in the real world.
Location is an economic, even though a location can be described in physical and legal terms.
Location is an important bit of data.
Location is an important factor for students.
Location is an important factor to consider in the search for employment.
Location is an important factor.
Location is an issue that requires further discussion.
Location is another factor considered by government official ion the evaluation of an application.
Location is another factor in prohibiting live broadcasts.
Location is another factor that can burden congregations.
Location is another factor.
Location is another important consideration when planting trees.
Location is another important consideration.
Location is another important factor that is often overlooked by the media.
Location is another key.
Location is another plus.
Location is another problem.
Location is another way in which planned shopping centers differ from one another.
Location is appropriate for the business.
Location is approx.
Location is as important in cyberspace as it is in the real world.
Location is as important on the Internet as it is in a storefront.
Location is at least as important in rattling as it is in real estate.
Location is at the curve, top of the hill.
Location is by the water's edge.
Location is central Pasadena, California.
Location is certainly a big draw for residents.
Location is certainly a key factor.
Location is city center.
Location is close to the action.
Location is confidential and given after either a telephone or personal interview.
Location is confidential, near many modes of public transportation.
Location is confidential.
Location is convenient as well as ample parking.
Location is convenient to New York's Capital District and Saratoga Springs.
Location is convenient to the restored area and shopping.
Location is critical for a U-pick operation.
Location is critical when ice fishing as fish concentrate in smaller, more specific water.
Location is critical.
Location is crucial to ensure regularity and consistency in workouts.
Location is crucial.
Location is currently a hospital in a developed area.
Location is currently a wholesale and retail bakery in a developed area.
Location is decided in advance with the input of the merchant.
Location is defined as one mile of roadway.
Location is dependent on final approval and attendance.
Location is dependent on wind and waves.
Location is determined by climate, scenery, and access to certain recreational locations.
Location is determined by faculty depending on time of year and number of students enrolled.
Location is determined by the selectors.
Location is determined pending demand.
Location is determined within minutes of detection at both ends.
Location is different every year.
Location is difficult to get to.
Location is done with an on-line diagnostic.
Location is downtown Chicago.
Location is dowtown Chicago.
Location is easy, but the fish are often extremely spooky.
Location is especially critical in the food service industry.
Location is essential for efficient transportation of products to and from the powder facility.
Location is established, greater opportunity for new patients.
Location is every bit as important as price, though.
Location is everything here.
Location is everything on the Internet as it is in real estate.
Location is everything when it comes to military installations.
Location is everything, but good transportation is essential.
Location is everything.
Location is Everything.
Location is excellent.
Location is extremely convenient to shopping and schools.
Location is extremely important.
Location is fabulous.
Location is far more important.
Location is fast, too.
Location is final.
Location is flexible, just needs to be near trees, and away from the hustle and bustle of a city.
Location is flexible.
Location is given for each cemetery as well as the date or dates copied.
Location is given in the newsletter and in local newspapers.
Location is given to it.
Location is governed by many considerations that are personal to each prospective purchaser.
Location is great with easy access to shopping and transportation.
Location is great.
Location is highly variable.
Location is hugely important.
Location is ignored.
Location is implied.
Location is important - face doors to see who is coming and going.
Location is important as well as the market and the track record of the community.
Location is important because of the ultimate size of the tree.
Location is important from a heat conservation and light availability perspective.
Location is important in business, too.
Location is important in choosing a hospital , clinic, nursing home or other healthcare facility .
Location is important in determining property values.
Location is important in other ways.
Location is important when selecting a hotel in Havana.
Location is important, as is how a government does business.
Location is important, because it can affect how often the patient is visited by family and friends.
Location is important.
Location is in a business area with good visibility.
Location is in Amsterdam.
Location is in Arizona.
Location is in Central Tennessee.
Location is in East Tennessee.
Location is in Houston, Texas.
Location is in New York City.
Location is in rural Minnesota.
Location is in rural Oklahoma.
Location is in Southern Delaware.
Location is in southern NC with proximity to the coast.
Location is in SW Arkansas.
Location is in the Denver, Colorado area.
Location is in Tokyo.
Location is in West Chicago.
Location is Incahoots .
Location is included for conferences.
Location is irrelavent.
Location is irrelevant but Internet access is obviously a prerequisite.
Location is irrelevant.
Location is Jupiter, Florida.
Location is just one ingredient in a successful fishing recipe.
Location is key for business here.
Location is key for walking home from the events and easy lift access.
Location is key no matter how small the space.
Location is key to successful sales.
Location is key to the success of any single-serve novelty program.
Location is key when looking for a new home.
Location is key.
Location is kyoto city.
Location is likely to be the biggest problem in the short term.
Location is local.
Location is marked as whereever the board is at the moment.
Location is more important.
Location is most important along with the cost.
Location is most important reason for continuing education students.
Location is much more important in the city, and so is the view.
Location is Munich.
Location is near area attractions and dining.
Location is near metro.
Location is near Philadelphia.
Location is near the forward edge of the midships aircraft elevator.
Location is near the Village of Jamestown, Portage Township, Cambria County.
Location is negotiable.
Location is next to a convenience store.
Location is no barrier.
Location is no longer apparent.
Location is no longer relevant.
Location is no object.
Location is Northern Middle Tennessee.
Location is northwestern suburb.
Location is noted in the listings.
Location is noted next to each date.
Location is noted, if available.
Location is nothing without access.
Location is of no consequence.
Location is of paramount importance to any business.
Location is often a clue as to the atmosphere of a meeting.
Location is often a common denominator among many public agencies and their missions.
Location is often critical in identification.
Location is often the prime consideration of business owners in establishing their businesses.
Location is okay.
Location is on a main road with free parking.
Location is on Florida's Gold Coast about an hour north of Tampa.
Location is on the Key Peninsula in Washington State.
Location is on the Ocean.
Location is one big lure.
Location is one important factor.
Location is one lure.
Location is one of our most important features.
Location is one of our most prominent assets.
Location is one of the big stumbling blocks standing in the way.
Location is one of the biggest challenges.
Location is one of the city s drawing cards.
Location is one of the great advantages to living in River Hills.
Location is one of the most important competitive advantages that a firm can possess.
Location is one of the most important components of real estate value.
Location is one of the most important factors in a company's success.
Location is one of the most important factors in the success and high attendance of the centre.
Location is one of the parts of a complete symptom.
Location is one of the primary reason people sell.
Location is one such.
Location is only for bots now to know where they are.
Location is only just slightly less important than appearance.
Location is only one factor which is taken into account.
Location is optional.
Location is Oslo.
Location is our editorial office in Santa Fe.
Location is our first advantage.
Location is outside Bangkok city-center in the northern suburban, area.
Location is outside of Philadelphia which has lower cost of living than most surrounding areas.
Location is pending.
Location is perfect for quiet walks, calm relaxing afternoons or busy outdoor people.
Location is perfect.
Location is persuasive.
Location is pivotal because it influences property values.
Location is positioned for future city growth to the North and East.
Location is possible anywhere in the oral cavity.
Location is powerline trail.
Location is prime in relation to all aspects of what is known as South Beach.
Location is probable.
Location is probably the best clue to their identity.
Location is probably the Cramp Shipyard, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Location is probably the easiest part to handle.
Location is problematic, as most accommodation is in the nearby suburbs rather than the centre.
Location is quiet and convenient.
Location is recorded as line number on a page and character position on the line.
Location is required.
Location is second driveway on left.
Location is Sherwood Park area.
Location is so important that a number of stores outsource site selection to experts.
Location is somewhere in Stevens County.
Location is somewhere in the northwest quadrant of Kansas.
Location is south metro.
Location is south of the feeding floor.
Location is south side of stadium.
Location is southern New England.
Location is specified by latitude, longitude, and altitude.
Location is specified using the src attribute.
Location is static.
Location is still an important factor.
Location is still to be determined.
Location is still uncertain.
Location is still under discussion.
Location is still up in the air due to several reasons.
Location is subject to change, for reservations and the current meeting location.
Location is subject to change.
Location is supplied upon registration.
Location is surely a key though.
Location is terrific.
Location is the first and most obvious distinction.
Location is the first matter.
Location is the high school library.
Location is The Intrepid museum.
Location is the key factor.
Location is the key to every good business.
Location is the key to genealogical research.
Location is the key to the Miami River Inn.
Location is the key, as they say.
Location is the key.
Location is the location of the file to be downloaded.
Location is the major topic.
Location is the most important factor in re-sale value.
Location is the most important factor of the real estate industry.
Location is the most obvious one.
Location is the next hurdle to cross.
Location is the North side of Chicago.
Location is the northside of Chicago.
Location is the nursery, which is on the lower level, west end of the church.
Location is the old typing room at the high school.
Location is the one most important attributes that Morgan County has.
Location is the one of the most crucial factors in choosing an assisted living facility.
Location is the only permanent part of the purchase.
Location is the physical location of the accommodation.
Location is the place where symptom is felt.
Location is the position in the world.
Location is the same as the pit above.
Location is the Second floor of the main public library.
Location is the single most important factor in buying a new home.
Location is the single most important factor in determining the future success of any coin laundry.
Location is the university banquet hall, unless otherwise indicated.
Location is to be announced.
Location is To Be Announced.
Location is to be determined.
Location is Tokyo Japan.
Location is typically in Asia or Eastern Europe.
Location is uncertain.
Location is unimportant but shuld be able to handle ocean cruising.
Location is unimportant.
Location is unknown.
Location is unscaled.
Location is upper Midwest.
Location is used as a baseline clustering factor.
Location is used here in terms of bandwidth distance from the tape device.
Location is usually below the frost line, but above the water table and forck formations.
Location is Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada .
Location is Vermont.
Location is very central.
Location is very important for trapping chipmunks.
Location is very important in so many areas of life.
Location is very important to archaelogical research.
Location is very important.
Location is very secluded, offers good mountain views.
Location is very secluded.
Location is Virginia.
Location is West side of Chicago.
Location is Western suburb.
Location is wheelchair-accessible.
Location is where our intelligence is derived.
Location is where the individual first applied for social security benefits.
Location is where the sought after word is situated on a page.
Location is within walking distance of dining, groceries and shopping.
Location is within walking distance of restaurants, shopping, and food markets.
Location is yet to be determined.
Location is yet to be finalized.
Location isa object.
Location Learn how to find our offices.
Location Lies Between a Quiet River and the Seashore.
Location Located at the mouth of the Mississippi River, New Orleans is an exciting city.
Location Look for a place close to campus or near bus lines.
Location Look for good location.
Location Make sure the school is in a good location.
Location makes a big difference.
Location makes a major difference as well.
Location makes going any direction fast.
Location makes it very important resting area for many birds during spring and fall migrations.
Location makes the difference.
Location makes the hotel an excellent choice for both business and leisure guests alike.
Location map Large format for print.
Location matters Several strategies apply when it comes to finding a location for a wired warehouse.
Location means a great deal.
Location means any place where an apiary is located.
Location means deep well drained soils, climate and enough water below the surface to dry farm.
Location means everything in retail and a good location usually costs a lot of money.
Location means more than buying in the right neighbourhood.
Location means the property from which any alarm signal originates.
Location Mixed-use is also a consequence of location.
Location moves around.
Location moves companies one step closer to modeling the reality of their businesses.
Location needs to appear to be secondary.
Location needs to be determined along with the date.
Location needs to be determined and availability.
Location now becomes a straightforward problme in triangulation.
Location objects with that location, and a table mapping checksums to the needle.
Location offers closein seclusion, but convenient to attractions and shopping.
Location offers great riding in all directions with easy access to beautiful Monterey Bay area.
Location offers options for hiking, cycling, antiquing, golf, and skiing.
Location offers partial ocean view and easy beach access.
Location offers swimming, boating, fishing, hunting, skiing, hiking, snowmobiling.
Location offers year-round recreational opportunities, relaxed lifestyle.
Location permits privacy as condo is away from main road and low rise.
Location Pick a place, any city.
Location plays a big part.
Location plays a key role, too.
Location plays a significant role in determining the sizes and species of hake caught by each gear.
Location plays a vital part in organic produce as well.
Location plays an important part in how a particular roast is referred to.
Location plays an important role in survival so locate wisely.
Location plays an important role in the digital divide.
Location probably has the most crucial role in determining the seriousness of hemangiomas.
Location provides details on current research and recent publications.
Location provides maps of our terminal facilities.
Location provides privacy.
Location provides some context for evaluating a particular result.
Location puts it in the path of international drug crime. .
Location puts it in the path of international drug crime.
Location refers to states, provinces, and regions.
Location refers to the shelf location of the original.
Location reports, tips and advice from skilled contributors.
Location rotates between the three county libraries.
Location rotates through member restaurants.
Location rotates to members homes.
Location routing number identifies the switch that corresponds to that particular number.
Location s where the event takes place.
Location searches for jobs both at home and abroad allow employment seekers to cast a wide net.
Location See a map and find the location of the club meetings and bird shows.
Location See our map .
Location See Schedule above.
Location seems logical.
Location seems to be the deciding factor in Michigan.
Location Select a particular state, region, province, or country.
Location Sets the position of the login window on the display.
Location Speak with the management of a local bowling alley to reserve some lanes for the party.
Location specializes in bus and tour groups.
Location specifies the full location of the item.
Location Specifies the location of the command.
Location Specifies the location of the current window.
Location Specifies the offset of an entry relative to the start of the directory.
Location specifies the remote location accessed using restricted bandwidth connections.
Location Specifies the remote location accessed using restricted bandwidth connections.
Location still can be a huge factor in spotted wilt epidemics.
Location still is very important.
Location still plays a big part in future value.
Location Take the tour.
Location takes into account the amount of sun or shade and water required.
Location Takes the viewer to another page instantaniously.
Location Think geographically and watch trends.
Location tops the list.
Location Use locations to implement call admission control in a centralized call-processing system.
Location Use the menu below to find colleges by region, state, or metro area.
Location Use the name the camera assigned for the pictures.
Location Use the pull down list to select among locations within the library.
Location varies - annually, in spring.
Location varies across the state each year.
Location varies among member hotels and other meeting venues in the Austin area.
Location varies among our homes.
Location varies among our houses in various districts.
Location varies as determined by the participants.
Location varies by building.
Location varies depending on subject.
Location varies depending on the program.
Location varies depending on the subject being taught.
Location varies each month.
Location varies each year.
Location varies every month.
Location varies from month to month in order to accomodate members in all areas of our chapter.
Location varies from semester to semester.
Location varies from year to year.
Location varies, contact Chapter.
Location varies, send e-mail to receive weekly newsletter.
Location vary greatly.
Location Visit our community map.
Location Visit our showroom, hardware store and lumberyard.
Location Walking through our one acre of landscaped gardens is like stepping back to another era.
Location work only.
Locations affect survival.
Locations also provide helmets and other safety equipment.
Locations also remain consistent from season to season.
Locations alternate from month to month.
Locations appear in brackets, unless the location name is part of the church name.
Locations appearing in capitals are UKHO standard ports.
Locations are a bit further south, again along the coast.
Locations are a case in point.
Locations are all over the United States and internationally.
Locations are alphabetical by building.
Locations are also available for international testing.
Locations are approx.
Locations are approximate.
Locations are areas where testing takes place.
Locations are around Northern Virginia.
Locations are as stated in the death notice.
Locations are as widely located as Alaska, Hawaii, Guam, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Locations are assigned on a first come, first serve basis.
Locations are at a limited number of establishments.
Locations are at our NC headquarters unless otherwise noted.
Locations are available around the globe.
Locations are available by linking to the apartments from our campus map.
Locations are available state-wide.
Locations are available throughout New Jersey, southeastern Pennsylvania, and northern Delaware.
Locations are available upon request.
Locations are below.
Locations are best guesses.
Locations are chiefly where Rosenau served as a public health officer.
Locations are clickable.
Locations are close to shopping, golf, deep sea fishing, scuba diving and many other activities.
Locations are color-coded based on their pH, nitrate and phosphate levels.
Locations are convenient and easy to find along interstate highways and neighborhood crossroads.
Locations are determined either in degrees, min.
Locations are easily accessible and transportation can be arranged.
Locations are equally straightforward to decipher.
Locations are famous dance studios in New York.
Locations are handicap accessible.
Locations are here .
Locations are important, and everyone seems to have a favorite spot.
Locations are in all major areas of the county.
Locations are in California and Georgia.
Locations are in California and one in Las Vegas.
Locations are in decimal degrees.
Locations are in high-traffic areas such as strip centers, malls or office parks.
Locations are in Keystone Heights, unless otherwise noted.
Locations are in Manhattan unless noted otherwise.
Locations are in northern and southern California.
Locations are in several different regions of Saudi Arabia.
Locations are in the United States, Canada and Australia.
Locations are in UK unless otherwise indicated.
Locations are in Washington, Oregon, California, and Idaho.
Locations are in Yorkshire unless otherwise stated in the entries.
Locations are limited to Great Britain, for the moment.
Locations are mainly in West Cork, although also throughout the length and breadth of Ireland.
Locations are nearest city.
Locations are objects.
Locations are of outcrops that illustrate the various deposits during each eruptive period.
Locations are on or close to lakefront.
Locations are on our golf map and our ski map .
Locations are on the sign up sheets.
Locations are open daily for the breakfast crowd as well as night owls.
Locations are part of space.
Locations are points in space or time.
Locations are principally in Europe and North America.
Locations are principally within or adjacent to Arlington center.
Locations are really environments.
Locations are responsible for covering participants' travel expenses.
Locations are section, township, and range.
Locations are shoreline, nearshore and offshore.
Locations are still tentative.
Locations are subject to availability.
Locations are subject to change so please confirm event locations.
Locations are subject to change without notice and acceptance varies by property.
Locations are subject to change without notice.
Locations are subject to change, and room numbers are issued upon registration.
Locations are subject to change.
Locations are subjectively large, so everyone in a city is in the same place.
Locations are tentative and subject to change if a scheduling conflict arises.
Locations are the most important resource external to the dynamic neighborhood model.
Locations are therefore mostly approximate.
Locations are throughout the arena including courtside, catwalk and backstage.
Locations are throughout the United States.
Locations are to be determined.
Locations are user programmable.
Locations are varied among different regions in the state, and urban locations and resort parks.
Locations are varied every week .
Locations are varied from drab, dark, and imposing, to bright and colorful.
Locations are various throughout New Jersey and New York.
Locations are very important in some ways.
Locations are ways of grouping servers together in order to improve performance.
Locations are well chosen.
Locations are wheelchair accessible.
Locations are widespread.
Locations are workplaces.
Locations are yet to be determined.
Locations Below is a listing of the various locations where The Face of Russia was filmed.
Locations can be airports, zoos, events, festivals, or just about anywhere.
Locations can be almost anywhere and Profits are Fantastic.
Locations can be anywhere in Tidewater.
Locations can be anywhere.
Locations can be conference rooms, classrooms, facilities, etc.
Locations can be far apart in the virtual world even if they are linked with a hypertext reference.
Locations can be tangible things like borrowers or the library itself.
Locations can be tricky too.
Locations can change, so consult the schools or the local papers.
Locations can have a wide variety of costs, ranging from free into the thousands.
Locations can include the local studio and remote locations.
Locations can range from large cities to recluse areas that are conducive to team interaction.
Locations change annually.
Locations change daily.
Locations change each year.
Locations change from month to month.
Locations change often.
Locations Click appropriate label to view that location's information.
Locations Click on a city name for a map.
Locations Click on a city to see address, phone number and map.
Locations Click on a prototype label to move to the web page for that biome.
Locations Click on an area of the map below, or scroll down to the listing of divisions.
Locations Click on any state below to find a list of our offices in that particular state.
Locations Click on Image for a larger picture.
Locations Click on name for more details.
Locations Click on one of the continents below for sales office locations.
Locations Click on the desired region to obtain a more detailed view.
Locations Click on the links below for detailed maps to our offices.
Locations Click on the location below for contact information.
Locations Click on the map or the name for a description and a locational map.
Locations Click on the map to browse projects by location.
Locations Click on the map to find the locations nearest that point.
Locations Click on the map, or the list to the left.
Locations Click on the name for more detail.
Locations Click the city on the map below for more information .
Locations connect to each node via frame relay.
Locations cover a variety of geographic regions and professional fields.
Locations cover the. borough, ranging from landmarked institutions to an abandoned motor parkway.
Locations covered also include parts of Australia, Canada, England, Norway, and the United Kingdom.
Locations dictate certain types of music.
Locations displays institutions that own a record.
Locations exist throughout the county.
Locations experience ambient temperature.
Locations experience drainage.
Locations experience good drainage.
Locations experience high ambient temperature.
Locations experience high temperature.
Locations experience light rain.
Locations experience rain.
Locations experience rise temperature.
Locations experience temperature.
Locations experience wind.
Locations experience winter temperature.
Locations expose to sunlight.
Locations fill up quickly.
Locations Find out where our headquarters and sales offices are located.
Locations follow each course.
Locations frequented by protestors are in bold.
Locations Get a complete listing of branch hours and locations, contact information and more.
Locations get direct sunlight.
Locations get sunlight.
Locations Get the client to find many places where one can communicate.
Locations have a peculiar status in the language.
Locations have air movement.
Locations have climates.
Locations have density.
Locations have differences.
Locations have drainage.
Locations have electric potential differences.
Locations have features.
Locations have good air movement.
Locations have good drainage.
Locations have many uses.
Locations have movement.
Locations have places.
Locations have potential differences.
Locations have potential.
Locations have stuff.
Locations have temperature.
Locations have yet to be finalized.
Locations include areas.
Locations is an idea whose time has come and gone .
Locations is in Hollywood.
Locations likewise echo the thematic material.
Locations listed are world wide.
Locations listed in bold face are main offices .
Locations marked by an asterisk are autonomous.
Locations more exposed to wildfire soon surrender trees to grass.
Locations provide habitats.
Locations range from a Norwegian fishing village to an azure anchorage in the Society Islands.
Locations range from Colorado and many states east of, to England and Germany.
Locations range from different soil types, sands, and clay .
Locations range from Edinburgh to Cornwall.
Locations range from in town to secluded mountain getaways.
Locations range from local waters to more distant destinations.
Locations range from Massachusetts to Nevada and from Chicago to the Deep South.
Locations range from South Phoenix to East Mesa.
Locations range from the deck of a carrier to a parking ramp to an abandoned quarry.
Locations range from traditional studio shots, to mess halls aboard nuclear submarines.
Locations receive direct sunlight.
Locations receive full sunlight.
Locations receive sunlight.
Locations rotate among Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia.
Locations rotate among the four counties.
Locations rotate among the participation sites on a voluntary basis.
Locations Scroll down for detailed view.
Locations See Locations for a list of the locations our consultants train in.
Locations Serving our customers is a privilege.
Locations show differences.
Locations show in maps.
Locations show patterns.
Locations sorted by county appear down the left side of the screen.
Locations still loom before our eyes.
Locations tba soon.
Locations tend to be quite isolated.
Locations throughtout Colorado.
Locations thus remain consistent from season to season.
Locations too show up, play a major role, then completely vanish again.
Locations travel throughout the Central Region.
Locations Use the following coordinates to find the corresponding location.
Locations vary according to enrollment.
Locations vary and are announced in the club newsletter and by e-mail postings.
Locations vary and are available upon request.
Locations vary and so does the income from machine to machine.
Locations vary and there is no cost to state employees.
Locations vary around the country.
Locations vary as determined by the meeting's needs.
Locations vary as space is available.
Locations vary as the meetings are usually luncheons and are scheduled in advance.
Locations vary but positions with manufacturing companies tend to be in industrial areas.
Locations vary depending on availability.
Locations vary depending on that month's activity or speaker.
Locations vary depending upon building.
Locations vary due to the size of the city.
Locations vary each month.
Locations vary from Las Vegas to the Arctic.
Locations vary from outside street scene, to inside our studio.
Locations vary from strip centers to downtown storefronts and urban malls.
Locations vary from Sydney to Canberra and can be contract or permanent.
Locations vary from underground sewers to city streets to train stations to zoos.
Locations vary from view of lake, golf course or lawn.
Locations vary from week to week.
Locations vary from wooded seclusion to being perched high atop the peak of the mountain.
Locations vary from year to year and week to week.
Locations vary from year to year but they are always sites in Oregon or Washington.
Locations vary from year to year.
Locations vary in order to accommodate members in different parts of the state.
Locations vary in order to best serve the membership.
Locations vary in the High Desert Area.
Locations vary on the schedule.
Locations vary throughout rural Manitoba.
Locations vary throughout the Northern Virginia area each month.
Locations vary throughout the state.
Locations vary to different restaurants.
Locations vary weekly depending on needs.
Locations vary with each meeting and are announced far in advance of the day.
Locations vary with job positions.
Locations vary, but all are within the metropolitan area.
Locations vary, but share the distinction of having a large wood dance floor.
Locations vary, click here to see the schedule .
Locations vary, depending on the availability of auditoriums, gym's, schools, fire houses, etc.
Locations vary, please call.
Locations vary, see web page for current details.
Locations vary, so check here often for the exact time and place.
Locations vary, usually Tradewinds.
Locations vary. .
Locations Visit our facilities.
Location often is one of the common data elements that link the data sets.
Locations often coincide with electoral wards.
Location sometimes varies.
Locations sometimes change their addresses and locations.
All location is relative.
All locations accept cash and most accept flex.
All locations accept cash as well.
All locations accept unprocessed film.
All locations are a mix of professional levels.
All locations are a short drive to the office and are on the mainland.
All locations are able to offer our full range of assessments.
All locations are accessible to mobility-impaired individuals.
All locations are accessible to persons with disabilities.
All locations are accessible to persons with physical disabilities.
All locations are accessible to the handicapped.
All locations are accessible via the tol.
All locations are accessible.
All locations are also convenient to New York City subway and bus connections.
All locations are approximate.
All locations are barrier free.
All locations are barrier-free.
All locations are close to the city and have abundant parking facilities.
All locations are close to the factory outlets for great discount shopping.
All locations are complete with a clubhouse, pro shop and food concession.
All locations are easily accessible by various interstate highways and state roads.
All locations are either newly-constructed or recently renovated.
All locations are for registered pound net sites.
All locations are free and confidential and necessary personal items can be provided.
All locations are full service stores with sales, rentals, and parts and service operations.
All locations are Gemini auto care centers offering nationwide warranty.
All locations are handicap accessible.
All locations are in Arizona unless noted.
All locations are in Boston unless listed otherwise.
All locations are in Boston unless otherwise listed.
All locations are in California unless noted.
All locations are in Colorado unless noted.
All locations are in England, and are in Northamptonshire unless otherwise indicated.
All locations are in Florida.
All locations are in Illinois unless noted.
All locations are in Iowa unless noted.
All locations are in La Crosse unless otherwise listed.
All locations are in Louisiana unless noted.
All locations are in Massachusetts except as indicated.
All locations are in Missouri unless noted.
All locations are in Nebraska unless noted.
All locations are in New Mexico unless noted.
All locations are in New York State unless noted.
All locations are in Oklahoma unless otherwise noted.
All locations are in Oregon and are based on the tidal station listed to the right.
All locations are in Scotland unless otherwise noted.
All locations are in the city-centre.
All locations are in the United Kingdom unless otherwise stated.
All locations are in the United States .
All locations are in the United States unless otherwise stated.
All locations are in the United States, unless another country is explicitly listed in the entry.
All locations are in the USA unless otherwise indicated.
All locations are in Transylvania, unless otherwise noted.
All locations are indoors to prevent damage and vandalism.
All locations are indoors, in the perfect learning environment.
All locations are interactive with one another, usually on voice activated camera switching.
All locations are interested in hearing from potential new employees.
All locations are interesting to see and funny to behold.
All locations are Massachusetts towns unless stated otherwise.
All locations are on an internal phone extension.
All locations are on Black Mountain, unless otherwise indicated.
All locations are on islands, most in remote areas.
All locations are on North Campus.
All locations are profitable.
All locations are still to be determined.
All locations are subject to availability.
All locations are tentative dependent upon appropriate facility permission.
All locations are wheelchair accessible unless otherwise noted.
All locations are wheelchair accessible.
All locations are within a short walk of public transportation.
All locations are within easy distance of the school.
All locations are within minutes of the heart of Lynchburg.
All locations are within short walking distance of the drop off point.
All locations are within the greater Seattle and King County Washington area.
All locations are within the state of Texas.
All locations belonging to the first object are inside the boundaries of the second object.
All locations belonging to the the first object are outside the boundaries of the second object.
All locations can be on one virtual network.
All locations can easily communicate with each other.
All locations can spontaneously dial conferences without scheduling or technical assistance.
All locations can successfully communicate with each other at the same time.
All locations carry fine jewelry, watches, china, crystal and silver.
All locations carry starter plants to completed specimens, pottery, wire and form supplies.
All locations charge a fee to anchored boats for use of shoreside facilities.
All locations check web site for service center.
All locations connect directly to Internet backbone.
All locations contain some outdoor levels of mold.
All locations continue to hear the conference at all times.
All locations cover the same information.
All locations feature instruction in stand up skiing, sit skiing, and bi siding.
All locations have adequate free parking and are handicapped-accessible.
All locations have cars for sale at great low prices too.
All locations have daily staffing and are supported with access to a registered nurse.
All locations have easy access to the Interstate highway system.
All locations have either a circuit breaker panel or a fuse box.
All locations have excellent environments for bird-watching.
All locations have green road signs pointing to each office on each side of the road.
All locations have on-site fluoroscopy for invasive procedures.
All locations have plenty of parking.
All locations have public Internet access.
All locations have public parking adjacent.
All locations have redundant power and redundant connections to Internet backbone.
All locations have three or more bays and full basements with self contained storage tanks.
All locations indicate distance upstream from beach head.
All locations listed are in California unless otherwise stated.
All locations maintain the necessary licenses to conduct business in their city or county.
All locations match their real addresses.
All locations now use the magnetic stripe, so there are no more messy carbon forms.
All locations offer a schedule that has a variety of instructional opportunities.
All locations offer banquet and party facilities.
All locations offer draft beer on tap.
All locations offer evening classes.
All locations offer field sales support and engineering application recommendations.
All locations offer high-speed ISDN connections.
All locations offer outstanding amenities for private parties.
All locations offer sales and technical support and a staff of application engineers.
All locations offers bonded and free storage facilities to ensure continuity in transport.
All locations provide access and facilities for persons with disabilities.
All locations provide full and self service gasoline.
All locations provide the ability to review property specific information.
All locations reach low temperatures that can freeze on any night, even in the tropical locations.
All locations rent equipment.
All locations serve beer and wine.
All locations serve great coffee drinks, pastries, salads and sandwiches.
All locations use public network and public multipoint bridging facilities.
All locations wheelchair accessible.
Any location can become the centre of the map.
Any location can harbor biological, chemical, structural and safety hazards.
Any location can open a launch screen.
Any location is fine.
Any location provides astounding views of the mountains.
Every location can have an associated hyperlinks.
Every location has a fire evacuation plan.
Every location has a morning and afternoon session.
Every location has a table and a place to make a fire.
Every location has it own small piece of music.
Every location has particular dangers to be aware of.
Every location has resident managers to help keep a watchful eye on the premises.
Every location has some form of inviting recreational opportunity.
Every location is architecturally correct, based on the actual design blueprints.
Every location is beset by different sets of problems.
Every location is different, altering the revenues derived.
Every location is different.
Every location is ideal for killing.
Every location is just another chapter.
Every location is marked to show whether it is in use.
Every location is unique and so every hotel has individual environmental concerns.
Every location is unique.
Every location is wired so that professors can see and hear any student.
Every location offers four-star service and an adjacent restaurant.
Every location points to the root of a directory tree.
Every location requires a different section of the satellite arc to track.
Every locations demands a different surgical approach.
Many locations actually divide their usage between two products, bleach and chlorhexidine.
Many locations adjust for standard time or daylight-savings time.
Many locations also provide conference room rentals.
Many locations also use gas-fired high temperature dishwashers.
Many locations are absent any estate records during the Civil War years.
Many locations are accessible by vehicle only.
Many locations are available for anglers to try their luck.
Many locations are remote and the electricity is generated specifically for the aluminium plant.
Many locations are within multiple post towns, constituencies, districts or regions.
Many locations can provide services in Spanish as well as in other languages.
Many locations contain links to other sites that contain related information.
Many locations experience sub-zero days on a regular basis.
Many locations have camping facilities.
Many locations have gift shops and picnic areas.
Many locations have good sports facilities.
Many locations have high water and some even are in various stages of flood conditions.
Many locations have outside book returns.
Many locations have space limitations.
Many locations have surveillance cameras and individual door alarms.
Many locations have swimming pools.
Many locations have the same name.
Many locations offer international guide books and information on hostel reservations.
Many locations offer only one or two listings.
Many locations only provide alarm systems, some also make keys.
Many locations receive delivery by noon the next day.
Many locations repeat the program regularly.
Many locations restrict how needles can be disposed of.
Many locations still require a credit card regardless of the payment selection.
More locations are on their way.
More locations can benefit from knowledge.
More locations means more gas.
Most locations affect survival.
Most locations also have tele-video conferencing for dialogue with clients and colleagues alike.
Most locations also offer a variety of popular interactive games.
Most locations are clear.
Most locations are just off the interstate.
Most locations are publicly maintained areas to assure long-term care of the tree.
Most locations are relatively uniformly lit.
Most locations are wheelchair accessible.
Most locations are within a few minutes of each other.
Most locations are within walking distance to the lifts.
Most locations can expect rainfall amounts around one tenth inch.
Most locations experience ambient temperature.
Most locations experience drainage.
Most locations experience good drainage.
Most locations experience high ambient temperature.
Most locations experience high temperature.
Most locations experience light rain.
Most locations experience rise temperature.
Most locations experience temperature.
Most locations experience wind.
Most locations experience winter temperature.
Most locations expose to sunlight.
Most locations get direct sunlight.
Most locations get sunlight.
Most locations give clear driving directions as well as contact information.
Most locations have a blend of old world charm with a contemporary touch.
Most locations have a materials return chute which is open when the library is closed.
Most locations have air movement.
Most locations have audio recording as well as picture.
Most locations have climates.
Most locations have concrete floors, so it's important to have the proper footwear.
Most locations have density.
Most locations have differences.
Most locations have drainage.
Most locations have electric potential differences.
Most locations have front loader containers and a few have roll-off boxes.
Most locations have good air movement.
Most locations have good drainage.
Most locations have indoor pools and extensive aquatics programs.
Most locations have laser printing and scanning.
Most locations have more than one Virtual reality scene.
Most locations have movement.
Most locations have one tall cabinet humidor, some have small walk-in humidors.
Most locations have places.
Most locations have plenty of parking in the immediate area.
Most locations have potential differences.
Most locations have potential.
Most locations have resort amenities including lavish swimming pools and fitness centers.
Most locations have shuttle service to the ski areas or are within easy walking distance.
Most locations have similar local rules.
Most locations have stuff.
Most locations have sufficient water reservoirs to make it through one dry winter.
Most locations have temperature.
Most locations have their hours posted on their web page.
Most locations have weekend and extended hours.
Most locations now provide self sign-up counters with easy to follow instructions for registration.
Most locations offer a drive-up window for minimal hassle, and some offer insurance over the phone.
Most locations offer a selection of local music, as well.
Most locations offer activities and events based on the interests of people who attend.
Most locations offer both homestays and dormitory or residence hall housing options.
Most locations offer maps for easy navigation.
Most locations offer more than one carrier to choose from.
Most locations offer multilingual staff.
Most locations provide habitats.
Most locations publish for up to a year online.
Most locations receive direct sunlight.
Most locations receive full sunlight.
Most locations receive sunlight.
Most locations show differences.
Most locations show in maps.
Most locations show patterns.
Some locations frequently freeze.
Some locations accept bank cards.
Some locations allow the option of whole wheat buns.
Some locations already have staging and extensive sound systems.
Some locations also accept credit cards, debit cards and checks.
Some locations also have a freezer, with ice cream bars, ice cream sandwiches, popsicles, etc.
Some locations also have ATMs on-site.
Some locations also offer a tennis court, basketball court, gym, sauna and more.
Some locations also offer coffee, hot chocolate, and sandwiches.
Some locations also offer computerized instruction.
Some locations also offer on-site massage therapy.
Some locations also provide support groups run by a bilingual therapist.
Some locations also rent trucks.
Some locations also require a metal culvert pipe be laid at the entrance to any residence.
Some locations also stock recreational equipment and operate grocery stores.
Some locations are already full.
Some locations are also open weekends.
Some locations are close to home.
Some locations are fee based.
Some locations are in the planning stages.
Some locations are inaccurate, making manual cleanup a time-consuming task.
Some locations are less costly.
Some locations are mainly grassland, while others are being invaded by brush and trees.
Some locations are more dangerous than others.
Some locations are near lakes.
Some locations are particularly prone to chronic abscess formation, e.g. bone, pleural cavities.
Some locations are purely administrative, while others provide clinical services.
Some locations are quite small.
Some locations are specifically for teachers, while others can accommodate groups.
Some locations are still open.
Some locations are subject to vibration from nearby traffic and thus unsuitable for such a valve.
Some locations are tentative.
Some locations belong to a collective municipality of some sort .
Some locations belong to a collective municipality of some sort.
Some locations border several towns so they are listed more than once.
Some locations call for a completely different palette of colors.
Some locations can cause large amounts of bleeding and clotting.
Some locations celebrate for more than one day.
Some locations charge a rental fee.
Some locations collect water.
Some locations depend on factors.
Some locations display old-time favorites like trillium or iris.
Some locations even have live poker.
Some locations even offer a shot at lake trout or the occasional muskie.
Some locations even offer feature attractions.
Some locations even provide propane and a small stipend.
Some locations feature onsite camping right at the climbs.
Some locations forbid power boats, relying entirely on big carved sailing canoes.
Some locations have additional collection codes within the location.
Some locations have age restrictions.
Some locations have an abundance of fresh surface water such as streams, rivers, and lakes.
Some locations have an existing book.
Some locations have better weather and more privacy than others.
Some locations have collection codes within the location.
Some locations have color laser printing available.
Some locations have conditions.
Some locations have floral sales, small gifts and gardening items, too.
Some locations have incubator malls.
Some locations have interest stories.
Some locations have kitchenette facilities available for use with meeting rooms.
Some locations have lilies.
Some locations have limited seating or special security rules.
Some locations have links to associated articles.
Some locations have local dealers available.
Some locations have many sites that have a common geographical location or cultural history.
Some locations have maps available.
Some locations have moisture.
Some locations have more satellites than others.
Some locations have more than one screen of pictures.
Some locations have multiple featured hikes.
Some locations have multiple panoramas.
Some locations have other features and restrictions.
Some locations have playgrounds, boat rentals and boat ramps.
Some locations have plenty of water, others have very little.
Some locations have pools and fitness facilities as well.
Some locations have ranges.
Some locations have rental books.
Some locations have reputations for having trouble.
Some locations have residency requirements.
Some locations have skunks.
Some locations have stories.
Some locations have support groups that meet on a regular basis.
Some locations have temperature ranges.
Some locations have their own lot.
Some locations have values.
Some locations indicate presence.
Some locations involve the risk of physical danger.
Some locations just seem cursed.
Some locations maintain barns and gardens or share space with kindergartens and summer camps.
Some locations offer a cheaper rate if renting in conjuncture with a flight.
Some locations offer discounts for corporations or auto club membership.
Some locations offer full sunlight.
Some locations offer graduate credits.
Some locations offer health-related computer programs and Internet access.
Some locations offer hot air ballooning, white water rafting, horseback adventures and jeep tours.
Some locations offer independent study.
Some locations offer massages and facials.
Some locations offer midweek and other weekend classes as well.
Some locations offer no wheelchair access.
Some locations offer sunlight.
Some locations offer training and mentoring in several languages.
Some locations operate food courts.
Some locations provide adequate shelter.
Some locations provide diversity.
Some locations provide enough information.
Some locations provide entertainment, while others feature valuable material for work.
Some locations provide indirect light.
Some locations provide information.
Some locations provide light.
Some locations provide much better access to ethnic and cultural diversity than others.
Some locations provide shelter.
Some locations qualify for other speeds than listed.
Some locations receive indirect light.
Some locations receive light.
Some locations require a free permit.
Some locations require a new housing installation to accommodate the LED assembly.
Some locations require a small incremental addition to the network.
Some locations require a third approval by a government official or mission agency.
Some locations require an additional day for delivery.
Some locations require dive tenders that are a little more work.
Some locations require fluency in Spanish, French, or Portuguese.
Some locations require mandatory upgraded elevations.
Some locations require moderate hiking and traversing some difficult climbing.
Some locations require permits to transport certain explosives or bulk hazardous wastes.
Some locations require remediation.
Some locations see collisions.
Some locations see light.
Some locations sell food.
Some locations sell out more than a year in advance.
Some locations sell snacks.
Some locations serve pizza by the slice during lunch, which is the best NY-style pizza in town.
Some locations serve specific groups, while others have open enrollment.
Some locations support notions.
Some locations take advantage.
Some locations use various size and shape wooden board signs.
Locational arbitrage can occur when the spot rate of a given currency varies among locations.
Locational damage is in place, so headshots are pretty devastating.
Locational uncertainty moderates affective priming effects in the evaluative decision task.
Locative names state that someone is from a particular place.
A locative is a category
Locatives are very typical of the aristocracy in England and France.
Locator maps are available in areas where there is a concentration of antique shops.
Locator maps are new to the third edition.
A locator is a surveyor
Locator calls, for bringing in distant birds, and the chambered call for authentic sounds up close.
Locator is a fast and flexible business, dealer, or store locator system.
Locator is out of state or ill.
Locator searches multiple drawings for specific attribute values.
Locators are in constant touch with many apartment communities in their city.
Locators are surveyors.
Locators typically work as follows.
A loch is a lake
Loches provides a fascinating visit.
Lochs are close by and trout fishing permits can be arranged for the keen angler.
Lochs are inlets.
Lochs are lakes.
Lochs are natural things.
Lochs can be dangerous.
Many lochs are shallow and some have a soft marl mud base - so always wade with caution.
Most lochs apply the international rules for the sea.
All loci have one or two alleles.
More loci makes it unlikely.
Some loci are common to both environments and others are specific to a given environment.
Some loci have many alleles that are common in a population.
Some loci have many alleles.
Some loci have patterns.
Lock boxes are the stuff of rhetoric and image.
Lock boxes are very secure devices that records who uses it.
Most lock interfaces provide an initialization function, a lock function, and an unlock function.
Some lock nuts have torque.
Locks of love Help the youngest cancer victims .
All lock parts are functional and have their original deep plumb-black finish without pitting.
A lock is a fixing
LOCK works only inside transactions.
Locks allow boats and barges to travel past barriers such as rapids and dams.
Locks also make the crooks keep looking for easier targets.
Locks also protect against nothing.
Locks also support the context management protocol .
Locks are a challenge.
Locks are a good idea.
Locks are a limitation on the types of actions that can be performed.
Locks are a means of passing vessels through the dams.
Locks are advisory.
Locks are also available.
Locks are also useful on windows.
Locks are an essential feature of any canal which needs to gain or lose height.
Locks are availabe from hardware stores and some chemists.
Locks are available at all bike shops and at the department stores listed.
Locks are available for checkout at the front desk.
Locks are available for most types of furniture and equipment.
Locks are available for props and some model outdrives.
Locks are available for sliding balcony doors and are easy to install.
Locks are available in campus bookstores.
Locks are available in the college bookstore and are sold at cost.
Locks are available in the physical education department.
Locks are available in three basic sizes, musket, rifle and pistol.
Locks are available on cabinet doors and most drawers.
Locks are available through the equipment manager.
Locks are available.
Locks are built in places where the level of the water in the river or canal suddenly changes .
Locks are built in places where the level of the water in the river or canal suddenly changes.
Locks are capable of locks.
Locks are capable of opens.
Locks are concrete, tangible, and visible.
Locks are costly to lenders.
Locks are created by locksmiths.
Locks are dreads, so there is a bit of confusion.
Locks are easy to operate and are great places to meet and chat with other boaters.
Locks are effective only when used, and doors keep out unwanted visitors only when properly closed.
Locks are enclosures.
Locks are face-mounted on the right or left side of the drawer face.
Locks are fasteners.
Locks are generally standard on commercial duty desk pedestals.
Locks are hair.
Locks are how people have have protected their property.
Locks are important accessories for any traveler.
Locks are less enforced now.
Locks are located in cabinets.
Locks are located in car doors.
Locks are located in doorknobs.
Locks are located in doors.
Locks are located in entrances.
Locks are located in front doors.
Locks are located in gates.
Locks are located in jails.
Locks are located in locker rooms.
Locks are located in lockers.
Locks are made of metal.
Locks are mechanical devices.
Locks are mechanisms.
Locks are mutex.
Locks are naturally items that deserve our attention.
Locks are only effective when they are used.
Locks are only one aspect in the management of the risk of theft.
Locks are optional.
Locks are part of canals.
Locks are part of doors.
Locks are part of drawers.
Locks are part of firearms.
Locks are part of gates.
Locks are part of lids.
Locks are puzzles.
Locks are restraint.
Locks are risky to lenders and the risk is greater as the lock-in period gets longer.
Locks are security devices.
Locks are standard on all doors.
Locks are the mechanism that prevent more than one user at a time making changes to the database.
Locks are the responsibility of individuals.
Locks are time-consuming.
Locks are to be installed on lockers using security-type machine screws.
Locks are to be omitted on fire extinguisher doors.
Locks are to be omitted on waste bin doors.
Locks are to be removed by the last day of class each year.
Locks are to be replaced or cylinders changed whenever corresponding keys are lost.
Locks are to be supplied by owner.
Locks are to be used whenever possible.
Locks are to be utilized whenever possible.
Locks are top of the line with optional life time finishes.
Locks are transactional so that they are held until the transaction commits or aborts.
Locks are typically master keyed in hotels, office buildings, and schools.
Locks are used for closes.
Locks are used for locks.
Locks are used for privacies.
Locks are used for protection.
Locks are used for security.
Locks are worthless unless they are used.
Locks automatically expire in one day.
Locks automatically time out, easing administration of a WebDAV server.
Locks can also consume significant amounts of memory.
Locks can also function together, as suites, groups or room types.
Locks can be particularly dangerous with large drops, deep water and heavy machinery.
Locks change dynamically.
Locks come in all shapes and sizes, with many innovative design variations.
Locks deter only the honest, but insure that lids and doors stay shut in transit.
Locks exist for the duration of the transaction.
Locks Fit the door with at least one good quality thief resistant lock.
Locks galley next to stick on bed of machine.
Locks hems in a slice of pristine meadow with two menacing logging trucks.
Locks keep an honest person honest.
Locks lock without having to use excessive force.
Locks make sure no one tampers with the energy source until it's ready to be safely reenergized.
Locks only keep out honest people.
Locks only slow down a thief.
Locks operate on a simple premise.
Locks pack to a secure fixture.
Locks refuse to stay locked and doors open and close without wind or human intervention.
Locks rest as if satin wallspread.
Locks restrict access to objects.
Locks say loads about the environment in which owners attempt to secure property rights.
Locks take four years to complete.
Locks turn into puzzles, as if by magic.
Locks typically cover a specific time period, most usually thirty days.
All locks are solid brass and some are faded and worn out just a little bit.
All locks are to be off of the building master.
Any lock installed in a hollow core door is much less secure.
Every lock handled by the database manager requires a block of memory.
More locks give greater concurrency but have greater overhead.
Most locks exist only briefly.
Most locks have a left contact point and a right contact point.
Most locks require fine dexterity and finger strength.
Most locks serve only to keep honest people honest and to discourage criminals.
Some locks are in remote sites and offer quiet, idyllic places to spend the night.
Some locks are very easy to unlock.
Some locks come with built-in sound devices that announce an unauthorized entrance or exit.
Lockable cabinets are also available.
Lockable carrels are available for graduate researchers.
Lockable chrome handle secures door in closed position.
Lockable dispenser is available for quart size.
Lockable door provides dust-proof integrity and running security.
Lockable doors help ensure physical security.
Lockable latch offers added security.
Lockable latches are an option on all cases.
Lockable wheels make it easy to move and reposition where space is minimal.
A lockbox is a box
Lockboxes can be either paper or electronically based.
Lockboxes require the user to actively secure the handgun in the lockbox.
A lockdown is internment
Lockdown does absolutely no packet filtering of any kind whatsoever.
Lockdown is a basic, but extremely effective method of getting a high-integrity plant.
Lockdown is in effect.
Lockdown is now a word most people understand.
Lockdown promotes itself as a home computer security center.
Lockdown provides total protection against all trojans.
Lockdowns are configurable from the control panel.
Lockdowns are imprisonment.
Lockdowns are more frequent.
Locke soils are coarse-loamy.
Locke soils are mollic intergrades.
Locke soils are on contiguous lower-lying sites or depressions where drainage is impeded.
Locked carrels are available for faculty and graduate students who qualify on a priority basis.
Locked closets are for owners' use only.
Locked doors are fine for the military.
Locked doors are no problem.
Locked doors are the sign of fear and prevention.
Locked doors prevent wanderers from leaving the building, but they also create a potential hazard.
Locked doors protect the computers that access a classified network.
Locked fields look the same way as unlocked fields.
Locked files have a small pad lock graphic in the upper right hand corner of the icon.
Locked folders are completely unavailable and hidden from view.
Locked gates are another impediment.
Locked graphics lock the position of selected graphics in a window.
Locked hands are legal from the neutral position.
Locked heels transmit more energy and steering force from leg to ski.
Locked mailboxes occur if one disconnects during a transaction.
Locked miles are unavailable for subsequent reservations unless the current reservation is canceled.
Locked ovens occur for a variety of reasons, the most common of which is a bent latch mechanism.
Locked pages are automatically unlocked and deleted at image exit.
Locked phones can still receive calls.
Locked rooms facilitate an environment where band members can work together on a specific project.
Locked rotor alarming provides monitoring of the startup sequence of large electric motors.
Locked segments are immune to all routine swapping.
Locked settings prevent undesired configuration changes by the user.
Locked shares can influence an IPO's opening-day pop, and the expiration can trigger a nasty drop.
Locked storage is also available.
Locked storage is available for storing electronic and printed data.
Locked storage is mandatory.
Locked storage is particularly important if there are children in the home.
Locked storage is provided for vendors who wish to leave their products on the campus overnight.
Locked storage is used for medications.
Locked text allows student to use teacher-made worksheets that can t be written over or erased .
Locked text allows student to use teacher-made worksheets that can t be written over or erased. .
Locked text is ideal for making worksheets, book report forms, or any type of guided instruction.
Locked text makes it easy to design electronic worksheets that students can t edit or erase.
Locked windows scroll together.
Locker bays are a popular place to hang out before class starts.
A locker room is a room
Locker rooms are also available at pool level.
Locker rooms are also available.
Locker rooms are available for changing and showering.
Locker rooms are available for changing.
Locker rooms are available for members only.
Locker rooms are available for men, women, and families.
Locker rooms are available for use.
Locker rooms are available.
Locker rooms are closed to the media.
Locker rooms are closed.
Locker rooms are full service.
Locker rooms are in the front of each rink.
Locker rooms are like that, too.
Locker rooms are located in health clubs.
Locker rooms are located in jocks.
Locker rooms are located in stadiums.
Locker rooms are more than just a space to shower and store dirty socks.
Locker rooms are on the left.
Locker rooms are on the lower level of the athletic complex.
Locker rooms are on the lower level of the West and East Gymnasiums.
Locker rooms are open and towel service available during normal building hours.
Locker rooms are part of athletic facilities.
Locker rooms are part of workplaces.
Locker rooms are rooms.
Locker rooms are Spartan, but the workout spaces and equipment keep improving.
Locker rooms are used for dresses.
Locker rooms are used for showerings.
Locker rooms are used for showers.
Locker rooms have a family changing area with showers.
Locker rooms have both daily and overnight lockers, showers, scales and hair dryers.
Locker rooms have full shower and rest room amenties.
Locker rooms have full shower and restroom amenties, and are carpeted.
Locker rooms have Japanese style baths.
Locker rooms provide supreme comfort.
Locker rooms providing lockers and showers are available.
All locker rooms are handicap accessible and feature special non-slip floors.
All locker rooms have parents that watch the children the entire time.
Some locker rooms are part of bakeries.
Some locker rooms are part of dairies.
Some locker rooms are part of factories.
Some locker rooms are part of farms.
Some locker rooms are part of fisheries.
Some locker rooms are part of gyms.
Some locker rooms are part of laboratories.
Some locker rooms are part of labs.
Some locker rooms are part of ranches.
Some locker rooms are part of shops.
Some locker rooms are part of studios.
Some locker rooms are part of workplaces.
Some locker rooms are part of workshops.
A locker is a compartment
Locker has a floor built in.
Locker holds six patents and has filed for five more.
Locker isa room.
Locker locks both built-in style and padlock style combination padlocks.
Lockers also come with latches that allow user to supply their own padlocks.
Lockers are a necessity.
Lockers are also available at no cost, as well as practice facilities.
Lockers are also available for a nominal fee.
Lockers are also available for added security.
Lockers are also available for daily, monthly, half years and yearly fees.
Lockers are also available so that employees can change clothing after biking or walking to work.
Lockers are also available to students.
Lockers are also available.
Lockers are an entirely different ball game.
Lockers are another area where harassment often takes place.
Lockers are available also.
Lockers are available and keys can be signed out at the front desk.
Lockers are available and maps and information are free at reception.
Lockers are available at designated times at the beginning of the academic year.
Lockers are available at no charge on a per-visit basis.
Lockers are available at no charge.
Lockers are available at the Marina.
Lockers are available by section or annually if space permits.
Lockers are available during class time.
Lockers are available for a minimal charge on a first-come basis.
Lockers are available for a nominal fee.
Lockers are available for a small fee near the pool.
Lockers are available for a student s personal belongings.
Lockers are available for class and individual users of the studio.
Lockers are available for coats, book bags, etc.
Lockers are available for daily rental or on a more permanent basis.
Lockers are available for daily use at no charge.
Lockers are available for daily use.
Lockers are available for free daily use or for rent on a long term basis.
Lockers are available for general student as well.
Lockers are available for luggage storage at the airport.
Lockers are available for members with their own equipment.
Lockers are available for music students who have rented a practice room key.
Lockers are available for patrons to hire, for free, for a two hour loan period.
Lockers are available for rent at a very affordable price and parking is convenient and FREE .
Lockers are available for rent by semester or year.
Lockers are available for rental on first come, first serve basis.
Lockers are available for rental.
Lockers are available for smaller instruments.
Lockers are available for staff and faculty members.
Lockers are available for storage of equipment.
Lockers are available for storage of gym clothes.
Lockers are available for storage of personal belongings.
Lockers are available for storage.
Lockers are available for storing personal affects.
Lockers are available for storing personal belongings.
Lockers are available for student checkout.
Lockers are available for student use while touring.
Lockers are available for student use.
Lockers are available for students enrolled in PE activity and wellness classes.
Lockers are available for students to rent.
Lockers are available for students to store books and other items for the day.
Lockers are available for students to store their instruments, books and music.
Lockers are available for students to store their instruments.
Lockers are available for temporary use while members are using the center.
Lockers are available for the convenience of commuter students.
Lockers are available for the day or for long-term use.
Lockers are available for the secure storage of personal belongings.
Lockers are available for the storage of personal belongings.
Lockers are available for use by participants.
Lockers are available for valuables and there is a shop for souvenirs and refreshments.
Lockers are available free of charge for either the day or semester in each locker room.
Lockers are available free of charge.
Lockers are available in both the men and women restrooms.
Lockers are available in designated sections in appropriate locker rooms.
Lockers are available in different sizes throughout the terminal in select locations.
Lockers are available in each of the locker rooms on a daily basis only.
Lockers are available in the change room for day use or long-term rental.
Lockers are available in the general locker rooms.
Lockers are available in the lounge.
Lockers are available in the men's and women's intramural locker rooms.
Lockers are available in the recreation complex.
Lockers are available in the room on a first-request basis.
Lockers are available in the same area.
Lockers are available in the study room for storing personal items.
Lockers are available on a daily basis.
Lockers are available on a first come first serve basis for the day only.
Lockers are available on a first come first served basis.
Lockers are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Lockers are available on a limited basis.
Lockers are available on board.
Lockers are available on request.
Lockers are available on semester basis only.
Lockers are available on the ground floor and can be rented by the semester or the academic year.
Lockers are available only while working out, no overnight.
Lockers are available throughout the year from the library administration office.
Lockers are available to all students.
Lockers are available to faculty, staff, and students.
Lockers are available to graduate students and to undergraduates in their junior and senior year.
Lockers are available to music students only.
Lockers are available to rent on a yearly or semester basis.
Lockers are available to seniors and graduate students.
Lockers are available to store tools and materials.
Lockers are available to students on a semester basis only.
Lockers are available to students upon request.
Lockers are available upon request.
Lockers are available when using the facilities.
Lockers are available with options to numerous to list here.
Lockers are available, bring own lock.
Lockers are available.
Lockers are closets.
Lockers are cool, But they're in school.
Lockers are disbursed at the beginning of each academic year on a first come, first serve basis.
Lockers are fasteners.
Lockers are for bookbags, lunches, purses and other personal items.
Lockers are for daily use only - no overnight use.
Lockers are for daily use only.
Lockers are for day use only.
Lockers are for one-day use.
Lockers are for registered students only and only one locker to a student.
Lockers are for temporary storage only.
Lockers are for the convenience of students but remain the property of the school.
Lockers are free and available each semester.
Lockers are free.
Lockers are here.
Lockers are in and are going back.
Lockers are large and easy to use.
Lockers are located close be the team area.
Lockers are located in gyms.
Lockers are made of metal.
Lockers are necessary for storing employees' personal belongings.
Lockers are no longer available in the reading room.
Lockers are on a first come first served basis.
Lockers are on a first come-first served basis.
Lockers are only available to students who are in school.
Lockers are only large enough to house books, school supplies, coats, etc.
Lockers are school property and remain under school control at all times.
Lockers are school property and subject to search.
Lockers are school property.
Lockers are small.
Lockers are still available.
Lockers are storage devices.
Lockers are subject to inspection by school staff at any time.
Lockers are subject to periodic inspection.
Lockers are subject to periodic searches without prior notice.
Lockers are the property of the school and subject to inspection by school personnel at any time.
Lockers are to be clean and left unlocked after closing day - no winter storage of equipment.
Lockers are to be emptied before the summer term.
Lockers are to be labeled in masking tape with the student's name, teacher's name, and semester.
Lockers are to be rented according to the procedure outlined below.
Lockers are to be used before school, at recess, at lunch, and after school.
Lockers are to be used for holding school supplies and outdoor clothing.
Lockers are to be used for storing bikes and bike gear only.
Lockers are to be used on a daily basis only.
Lockers are to be used only for legitimate recreational purposes.
Lockers are to be used only while participants are using the facility.
Lockers can be difficult the first few days but they get a lot easier.
Lockers can usually accommodate two bikes with access at each end of the locker.
Lockers Check with clinical department regarding lockers.
Lockers come fully assembled.
Lockers come in two styles, single or double tier.
Lockers cover the wall where double doors once opened into it.
Lockers cover the wall where double doors once opened on the library, the main killing field.
Lockers enable students to store books and their musical instruments.
Lockers have (part) bases.
Lockers have (part) ceilings.
Lockers have (part) doorways.
Lockers have (part) floors.
Lockers have (part) room light.
Lockers have (part) sections.
Lockers have (part) walls.
Lockers line both sides of the hallway like sentinels.
Lockers line the downstairs hallway.
Lockers line the halls.
Lockers make it much easier.
Lockers make online music experience much more easier for consumers.
Lockers provide a secure storage place for personal materials.
Lockers remain the property of the school and are provided to students without charge.
Lockers require a quarter in order to remove the key.
Lockers serving commuters in the downtown area are available on a rental basis.
Lockers Sign up in the dean's office.
Lockers slam, bells ring, basketballs bounce, textbooks open and close at predictable times.
Lockers slamming and people shouting are an all too familiar sound.
Lockers There are lockers available for reservation in the dressing rooms.
All lockers are all day lockers.
All lockers are available for daily usage only.
All lockers belong to the school and are subject to search.
All lockers provided for student use remain the property of the district.
Some lockers are also available to bicycle commuters.
Some lockers are part of bakeries.
Some lockers are part of dairies.
Some lockers are part of farms.
Some lockers are part of fisheries.
Some lockers are part of gyms.
Some lockers are part of laboratories.
Some lockers are part of labs.
Some lockers are part of ranches.
Some lockers are part of shops.
Some lockers are part of studios.
Some lockers are part of workplaces.
Some lockers are part of workshops.
Some lockers are small and some are large.
Some lockers contain ammunition.
A locket is a case
Locket is aprx.
Locket is in excellent condition.
Locket isa case.
Locket opens to reveal a magnifying lense.
Lockets are cases.
Lockets are way out, says the company.
Lockets can hold photos, hair, a charm, or other small, precious object.
Lockets have (part) sections.
Most locking issues are application specifics.
Lockings are protection.
Lockney soils are on similar landscapes and have a mollic epipedon.
Lockoff capability allows flexibility in usage for the owner.
A lockout is opposition
Lockouts take control away from the diver.
A locksmith is a smith
Locksmiths also fix damaged locks.
Locksmiths are smiths.
Locksmiths are workers.
Locksmiths call that key control.
Locksmiths can get into anything.
Locksmiths fix broken locks , make keys , and install security systems like alarms .
Locksmiths fix broken locks, make keys, and install security systems like alarms.
Locksmiths fixing and repairing locks installing locks rekeying locks lock out.
Locksmiths go everywhere, efficiently solving other people's problems with picks and pliers.
Locksmiths have to learn exactly the right pressure to apply and what sounds to listen for.
Locksmiths work independently in the performance of assigned tasks.
Locksmiths frequently go into business for themselves as a means of advancement.
Locksmiths frequently work on-call evenings and weekends to respond to emergency service calls.
Locksmiths often specialize in one aspect of their trade.
Many locksmiths offer customers their own company key-profiles.
Many locksmiths sell personal security devices, such as alarms, mace and other repellent sprays.
Most locksmiths advertise in the yellow pages.
Most locksmiths offer on-site service and installations.
Some locksmiths have major banks and savings and loan associations as clients.
Some Locksmiths schedule regular routes to maintain lock systems for industrial clients.
Lockstep protocols require one response for each request.
Loco poisoning causes heavy losses among horses, cattle, sheep, and goats.
A locoism is an animal disease
Locoism is a chronic disease that causes depression, incoordination, and nervousness under stress.
Locomotion can be passive or active.
Locomotion comes in the form of either the rotating flagellums, or the flexible pellicle membrane.
Locomotion is movement
Locomotion isa quality.
Locomotion stimulates group III muscle afferents.
Locomotion takes place by flagella, cilia or psendopodia.
Locomotive building requires many skills.
Locomotive class are listed by TOPS class .
Locomotive class are listed by TOPS class.
A locomotive engineer is an operator
Locomotive engineers are a hardy breed, A clear signal is their visible gem.
Locomotive engineers operate trains in train yards and between stations.
All locomotive systems are computer controlled for high performance, efficiency and reliability.
A locomotive is a container
A locomotive is a vehicle
Locomotives are fully qualified and are in excellent condition.
Locomotives are steam or battery powered and built to G scale narrow gauge.
Locomotives are sub-categorised according to type.
Locomotives are used for motion.
Locomotives are used for power.
Locomotives are used for work.
Locomotives built for slow freight service require only a very small amount of lead.
Locomotives have a one year warranty on motor and trucks.
Locomotives have strict requirements on their noise production.
Locomotives operate at one, two or four constant speeds.
Locomotives represent all types of power from the Civil War to today.
Locomotives still painted in predecessor colors are a bonus.
Locomotives used are mainly diesel, with some steam powered freight trains on certain sections.
Locomotives wear out and have to be scrapped.
All locomotives now have radio remote control.
Every locomotive is constructed with the latest technology.
Every locomotive needs a train.
A locoweed is a legume
Locoweeds have growth habits that make poisoning more likely.
A locum is relief
Locum tenens arrangements are different.
Locum tenens opportunities offer such diversity of work involvement.
Locums are normally self employed and experience the greatest variety of practices and patients.
Locums are to be brought in to the NHS Pension Scheme for the first time.
Locums report enjoying a change of environment at the same time as a change of job.
Locums work wherever they are needed doing either just short surgeries or longer stints.
Most locums companies view their family practice physicians as just one of their herd.
Locus of control becomes more internal with age.
Locus of control can either be internal or external.
Locus of control integrates personality, expectancy, and reinforcement theories.
Locus of control is examined as a moderator of the stressor - stress relationship.
Locus of control refers to what drives or motivates a learner.
Loci have factors.
Locus isa scene.
Locuses are magazines.
Locuses are sets.
Locuses are sites.
Locust blood is a deep reddish-orange in coloration.
Locust borers are colorful beetles plentiful on goldenrod flowers.
Locust eggs are deposited in the soil and are protected by egg pods.
Locust honey is a little stronger honey, and it's amber colored.
Some locust lumber uses in commerce.
Locust streets is contested no more.
Locust swarms are aggressively and energetically social.
Locust swarms are often the cause of such unexpected appearances.
Locust swarms can bring farmers despair.
Locust swarms can vary from less than one square kilometre to several hundred square kilometres.
Locust swarms fly with the wind at roughly the speed of the wind.
Locust trees are used as timber.
Locust trees prefer full sun and tolerate reflected heat from structures.
Locust trees produce flowers.
Locust trees produce pea flowers.
Most locust trees produce flowers.
Most locust trees produce many thorny suckers over their lifetime.
Most locust trees produce pea flowers.
A locust is a grasshopper
Locust isa grasshopper.
Locusts also cover a far larger area than army worms.
Locusts also eat everything.
Locusts are a good source of protein, vitamins and minerals.
Locusts are a kind of grasshopper.
Locusts are a type of grasshopper that ate up all the green plants.
Locusts are a type of grasshopper, but cicadas are related to leafhoppers and aphids.
Locusts are a type of grasshopper.
Locusts are amongst the most dramatic and devastating of the insect pests.
Locusts are apparently a severe problem in Kazakhstan.
Locusts are bands.
Locusts are companies.
Locusts are edible insects , and are considered a delicacy in some countries .
Locusts are edible insects, and are considered a delicacy in some countries.
Locusts are grasshopper-like insects.
Locusts are grasshoppers that are characterized by behavior.
Locusts are horrid little insects, plus they eat crops.
Locusts are insects that are related closely to grasshoppers.
Locusts are insects.
Locusts are large grasshopper-like insects.
Locusts are large insects native to equatorial regions of Africa and Asia.
Locusts are large migratory grasshoppers that travel in great swarms.
Locusts are larger than grasshoppers and have transparent wings.
Locusts are migrators.
Locusts are our ego-centered rebelling moments.
Locusts are prepared by many by being slightly roasted, dried in the sun, and then salted.
Locusts are rare around here.
Locusts are related to grasshoppers and the two insects look similar.
Locusts are rich in protein.
Locusts are sometimes solitary insects with lifestyles much like grasshoppers.
Locusts are stranger and scarier than the zombies of our imagination.
Locusts are vegetarians.
Locusts are wood.
Locusts can eat their own weight in food in a day.
Locusts can only fly for very long if there is a wind.
Locusts can stay in the air for long periods of time.
Locusts can travel great distances, rapidly stripping fields and damaging crops.
Locusts change their behavior at high population density, and their reproduction rate increases.
Locusts cluster together in dense formations, often flying at night.
Locusts come from earth.
Locusts Come upon the Earth c.
Locusts communicate chemically in the process of phase transition.
Locusts consume diets.
Locusts consume food.
Locusts consume plants.
Locusts control bodies.
Locusts damage plants.
Locusts destroy crops.
Locusts destroy every living green thing.
Locusts destroy fields.
Locusts destroy flowers.
Locusts destroy fruit.
Locusts destroy gardens.
Locusts destroy grain.
Locusts destroy grass.
Locusts destroy ground.
Locusts destroy herbs.
Locusts destroy leaves.
Locusts destroy plants.
Locusts destroy trees.
Locusts destroy vegetation.
Locusts differ from grasshoppers by their capacity to react to high densities.
Locusts eat corn.
Locusts eat crops.
Locusts eat fields.
Locusts eat flowers.
Locusts eat their bodyweight in food every day.
Locusts emerge from eggs.
Locusts encounter and react to a variety of stimuli while flying.
Locusts feed in fields.
Locusts fly over heads.
Locusts form bands as nymphs and swarm as adults.
Locusts go through phases.
Locusts has-part legs.
Locusts has-part wings.
Locusts have (part) air sacs.
Locusts have (part) brains.
Locusts have (part) carapaces.
Locusts have (part) cell membranes.
Locusts have (part) cells.
Locusts have (part) corpi.
Locusts have (part) cytoplasm.
Locusts have (part) ears.
Locusts have (part) faces.
Locusts have (part) flight feathers.
Locusts have (part) heads.
Locusts have (part) nuclei.
Locusts have (part) plasma membranes.
Locusts have (part) quill feathers.
Locusts have (part) sections.
Locusts have (part) shells.
Locusts have (part) skulls.
Locusts have (part) thoraxes.
Locusts have (part) vacuoles.
Locusts have a very well-developed polarised light detection system.
Locusts have biomass.
Locusts have high mortality.
Locusts have legs.
Locusts have mortality.
Locusts have organs.
Locusts have perceptions.
Locusts have sources.
Locusts inexplicably swarm the office.
Locusts invade crops.
Locusts invade ground.
Locusts make pheromone.
Locusts occur in fields.
Locusts occur in nearly every continent.
Locusts occur in patches.
Locusts periodically cause natural disasters in several parts of the world.
Locusts pose threats.
Locusts possess bodies.
Locusts prefer conditions.
Locusts produce sound.
Locusts serve functions.
Locusts serve many practical functions.
Locusts shed wings.
Locusts sing when the air is hot and dry.
Locusts spread wings.
Locusts stand on legs.
Locusts steer by altering the movement of their wing muscles.
Locusts threaten crops.
Locusts threaten food.
Locusts threaten leaves.
Locusts twitch their legs in song staccato pulse surrounding shrouded in morning mist.
All locusts are ashes.
Most locusts come from earth.
Most locusts consume diets.
Most locusts consume food.
Most locusts consume plants.
Most locusts control bodies.
Most locusts destroy crops.
Most locusts destroy fields.
Most locusts destroy flowers.
Most locusts destroy fruit.
Most locusts destroy gardens.
Most locusts destroy grain.
Most locusts destroy grass.
Most locusts destroy ground.
Most locusts destroy herbs.
Most locusts destroy leaves.
Most locusts destroy plants.
Most locusts destroy trees.
Most locusts destroy vegetation.
Most locusts eat corn.
Most locusts eat crops.
Most locusts eat fields.
Most locusts eat flowers.
Most locusts emerge from eggs.
Most locusts feed in fields.
Most locusts fly over heads.
Most locusts go through phases.
Most locusts has-part legs.
Most locusts has-part wings.
Most locusts have biomass.
Most locusts have high mortality.
Most locusts have legs.
Most locusts have mortality.
Most locusts have organs.
Most locusts have perceptions.
Most locusts have sources.
Most locusts invade crops.
Most locusts invade ground.
Most locusts make pheromone.
Most locusts occur in fields.
Most locusts occur in patches.
Most locusts pose threats.
Most locusts possess bodies.
Most locusts prefer conditions.
Most locusts produce sound.
Most locusts serve functions.
Most locusts serve many practical functions.
Most locusts shed wings.
Most locusts spread wings.
Most locusts stand on legs.
Most locusts threaten crops.
Most locusts threaten food.
Most locusts threaten leaves.
Some locusts carry diseases.
Some locusts eat fruit.
Some locusts eat gardens.
Some locusts eat herbs.
Some locusts eat leaves.
Some locusts eat pollen.
Some locusts eat trees.
Some locusts emerge from gardens.
Some locusts exhibit dimorphism.
Some locusts exhibit sexual dimorphism.
Some locusts go through growth stages.
Some locusts go through molt stages.
Some locusts go through stages.
Some locusts graze in fields.
Some locusts graze in gardens.
Some locusts have biological characteristics.
Some locusts have characteristics.
Some locusts have foliage.
Some locusts have gravity.
Some locusts have green foliage.
Some locusts have phases.
Some locusts have ranges.
Some locusts have survival.
Some locusts have trees.
Some locusts have year survival.
Some locusts invade fields.
Some locusts invade gardens.
Some locusts invade grass.
Some locusts invade towns.
Some locusts visit islands.
A lode is sedimentation
Some lodes continue in an uninterrupted vein.
A lodestar is an example
Lodestar is a firm that specializes in applied social research, program planning and evaluation.
Lodge reservations require an advance deposit of the first night's rate.
A lodge is a hotel
Lodge are excellent.
Lodge has a strong rental potential.
Lodge has deck and patio tables to seat eight.
Lodge has fireplace, pool, darts, pinball, videos and a jukebox.
Lodge has five bedrooms, two fireplaces, wood-burning stove and all other amenities.
Lodge has flat boats and knowledgable guides.
Lodge has games, pizza, beer, pop, candy, misc.
Lodge has large living room, dining area, fireplace, and complete kitchen including dishwasher.
Lodge has separate dining room facilities.
Lodge is a fact sponge.
Lodge is at the end of the dirt road.
Lodge is beautiful, rooms are very comfortable.
Lodge is built to house clients.
Lodge is closed for remodeling and structural repairs.
Lodge is finished in massive timbers and stone.
Lodge is in Arkansas City, Kansas.
Lodge is located near Rocky Mountain House, Alberta.
Lodge is located on a lake which invites ice skating as well.
Lodge is located within easy walking distance of the pools and most fishing is walk and wade.
Lodge is near Syria in Madison County.
Lodge is on the right side of the road.
Lodge is on the shores of a frozen lake.
Lodge is one of the most readable writers now at work.
Lodge is operated on behalf of the community.
Lodge is the newest concept introduced in the canadian north.
Lodge is white with red shutters.
Lodge offer a variety of unique rooms and settings are available for ceremonies and receptions.
Lodge plays wittily with the techniques of stream of consciousness.
Lodges also serve as great alternative for family trips.
Lodges are accessible only by floatplane or helicopter.
Lodges are again very comfortable each with their own character and superb food.
Lodges are available for group rental, for daily or overnight use.
Lodges are buildings.
Lodges are deluxe rooms along the Sun River.
Lodges are dwellings.
Lodges are enclosed buildings while shelters are open on the sides.
Lodges are further away from the city and usually require a boat or plane trip to reach.
Lodges are houses.
Lodges are in the white Mountains and some other areas.
Lodges are perfect for large church, school, or business groups.
Lodges can have several entrances that are usually underwater.
Lodges can participate in Take Time To Read at any time and continue it as long as they want.
Lodges can provide lunches for workers, fundraising activities, a place to hold board meetings etc.
Lodges charge an initiation fee and annual dues.
Lodges consist of a mound of branches and logs, plastered with mud.
Lodges do many different things that generally reflect the part of the country they are from.
Lodges have two entrances underwater, which serve several purposes.
Lodges have very well designed interiors that provide plenty of space and a high level of comfort.
Lodges have vouchers to many of the attractions and activities in the region.
Lodges Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Lodges huddle around all of the area's major ski resorts.
Lodges range in standard from bunkhouse type accommodation to well appointed holiday houses.
Lodges tend to be rustic in decore.
Lodges traditionally have monthly meetings, to which entry is sometimes by secret password.
Lodges vary in size from four bedded to sixteen bedded units.
Lodges sometimes go defunct, or merge with other local lodges.
All Lodge is the ideal basecamp for birdwatchers, naturalists, sportfishers, bikers and hikers.
All lodges accept major credit cards and traveler's checks.
All lodges also have verandahs with spectacular views.
All lodges are alarmed.
All lodges are available on a co-ownership or self catering basis.
All lodges are non-smoking.
All lodges are on one level, with unobstructed access from outside.
All lodges have a verandah with deck chairs and a private view of the river.
All lodges have private facilities.
All lodges have safety deposit boxes.
All lodges have swimming pools.
All lodges have telephone or radiotelephone.
All lodges offer a large, spacious en suite bathroom with shower and bath.
All lodges offer comparable comfort, service, meals and amenities .
All lodges offer excellent accommodation, superb cuisine and personalised service.
All lodges take cash or checks.
Every lodge featured here is a deluxe facility.
Every lodge has a vital role in helping to choose the future direction of the Order.
Every lodge has a well-trained chef.
Every lodge has their own unique characteristics that offer a guest many choices.
Every lodge have an uninterrupted view of the lagoon.
Every lodge offers fresh, creatively prepared and presented cuisine and spectacular service.
Many lodges also award scholarships to junior members who are graduating from high school.
Many lodges have answering machines which give the upcoming lodge activities.
Many lodges have front rooms with large windows overlooking a natural feature.
Many lodges have hot tubs or saunas and all have comfortable accommodations and fantastic meals.
Many Lodges have programs in which they recognize outstanding students.
Many lodges hire their own expert naturalists who lead guests on local outings.
Many lodges present it to newly raised brethren.
Many lodges use fixed- wing aircraft or helicopters to access remote sites.
More lodge fronts One of the rooms inside.
Most lodges also have swimming pools.
Most lodges have extensive menus, especially in the Annapurna region.
Most lodges have fishing tackle, rods, boats and bait available.
Most lodges have laundry facilities.
Most Lodges have swimming pool and some overlook floodlit water holes for nocturnal game viewing.
Most Lodges have swimming pools and some overlook floodlit water holes for nocturnal game viewing.
Most lodges have swimming pools.
Most lodges offer complimentary breakfast.
Most lodges offer hot showers.
Most lodges offer three day of four day trips.
Most lodges regard all religions to be equal.
Most lodges require that their members believe in god.
Some lodges advertise in U.S. dollars while others state Canadian dollars.
Some lodges are large enough for a human to fit inside.
Some lodges are near the disneyland hotels in Anaheim California.
Some lodges are open year round.
Some lodges are open year-round.
Some lodges are permanent structures but the majority are tented.
Some lodges are truly remote.
Some lodges can offer a daily maid service as a convenience also.
Some lodges have air conditioning and swimming pools.
Some lodges have game drives.
Some lodges lease parts of or entire streams for private and unbelievable fishing.
Some lodges offer machine rentals and repairs.
Some lodges offer serious pampering along with record-sized salmon.
Some lodges purify their own water so ask first.
Some lodges run to parade and hysteria.
Lodged corn is often the tip-off that corn rootworms are active.
Lodged crops are almost impossible to cut cleanly.
Lodged index fingers up.
Lodged plants are difficult to harvest and harvest losses are likely to increase.
A lodgepole is pine
Lodgepoles are hardy trees that are largely resistant to disease.
Lodgepoles have a greenish yellow color compared to other evergreens when viewed from a distance.
A lodger is a tenant
Lodgers find the four rooms homey, with an old-fashioned flavor recalling a less hurried time.
Lodgers sleep in bunks.
Lodging facilities are available in nearby Montezuma.
Lodging facilities are available just two blocks from the TCUglobalcenter.
Lodging facilities are dormitories, six to a suite sharing a common bath.
Lodging facilities provide a service and consume the items provided to their customers.
Most lodging facilities are open and serving guests, although some are repairing minor damage.
Most lodging facilities are ready to handle the needs of business travelers.
Lodging allows easy navigation around the entire directory.
Lodging also includes gourmet meals served family-style in the ranch's dining room.
Lodging also is available at area hotels.
Lodging also is available in communities adjacent to the parkway.
Lodging also runs the gamut.
Lodging also varies according to location and length of trip, but expect spartan accommodations.
Lodging amounts up to the limits stated in policy, plus applicable taxes, are reimbursable.
Lodging can be costly near the medical center.
Lodging can be difficult.
Lodging can be very expensive or very cheap.
Lodging can include a meal plan consisting of a full breakfast and a two course diner.
Lodging consists of six comfortable log cabins and lodge rooms.
Lodging consists of two nice, completely furnished condos.
Lodging consists of two to a room with bath on the hall.
Lodging ends day after last day of class.
Lodging Enter the best estimate of lodging expenses.
Lodging favours the development of pasmo, because of increased humidity within the crop canopy.
Lodging fills up way in advance of the summer months.
Lodging has electric heat and air conditioning.
Lodging includes a generous breakfast.
Lodging includes a private room and bathroom along with a continental breakfast each morning.
Lodging includes a private room and use of bathroom and kitchen.
Lodging includes a toast upon arrival, complimentary beverages, and two full, country breakfasts.
Lodging includes accommodations other than hotels, such as by host or through a contest.
Lodging includes all related costs such as electricity, gas, water and telephone.
Lodging includes all related costs such as electricity, gas, water, telephone, etc.
Lodging includes bed and breakfasts, rustic cabins, housekeeping cabins and upscale fishing lodges.
Lodging includes beds made on arrival day and daily room service with washcloth and towel change.
Lodging includes beds made on arrival day and daily towel exchange.
Lodging includes breakfast and dinner.
Lodging includes breakfast and laundry service.
Lodging includes breakfast and tax is included in the rate.
Lodging includes condos, bungalows, and lodge suites and rooms.
Lodging includes continental breakfast.
Lodging includes full breakfast.
Lodging includes hearty Vermont buffet breakfasts.
Lodging includes home cooked full breakfast, private parking lot.
Lodging includes hotels, vacation homes and chalets.
Lodging includes new log homes.
Lodging includes three meals a day.
Lodging includes towels and linens.
Lodging is a bargain, too.
Lodging is a basic requirement of safe life and stable future.
Lodging is a comprehensive guide to places to stay throughout the United States.
Lodging is a double room with two beds and a private bath.
Lodging is a separate cost.
Lodging is a very personal choice.
Lodging is abundant in Tucson and campgrounds are available in the community.
Lodging is additional.
Lodging is already very hard to find.
Lodging is also available as well as Processing.
Lodging is also available at nearby hotels.
Lodging is also available immediately in downtown.
Lodging is also available in Custer State Park .
Lodging is also available on the mainland.
Lodging is also available with advance booking.
Lodging is also available.
Lodging is also readily available.
Lodging is arranged by each student directly, as soon as the housing assignment has been received.
Lodging is arranged through Lodge At Keystone.
Lodging is at a mountain ranch in New Mexico and at new residence halls at a college in Colorado.
Lodging is at local motel.
Lodging is at the Teton Pines resort, five minutes from the heli-pad.
Lodging is available and the site features a very interesting history.
Lodging is available at a reasonable cost.
Lodging is available at a reduced price when attending an academy.
Lodging is available at a variety of hotels, motels, lodges, and bed and breakfasts.
Lodging is available at additional cost.
Lodging is available at both field stations.
Lodging is available at local hotels.
Lodging is available at nearby motels and campgrounds.
Lodging is available at our slopeside condos or nearby hotels and inns.
Lodging is available at Park City for the Park City and Deer Valley resorts.
Lodging is available at several area motels.
Lodging is available at several hotels near the regional airports.
Lodging is available at several inns.
Lodging is available at some ski resorts and in nearby mountain communities.
Lodging is available at the mountaintop, but advanced reservations are necessary.
Lodging is available at the ranch for guests.
Lodging is available at the resort.
Lodging is available at the seminar hotel.
Lodging is available at the youth hostel or the campground in the park.
Lodging is available at three locations.
Lodging is available both at the mountain or in town.
Lodging is available both at the resort and in nearby Durango.
Lodging is available both inside and near the Park.
Lodging is available both within the park and within nearby communities .
Lodging is available for any budget.
Lodging is available for cooperating scientists, graduate students, and summer interns.
Lodging is available for members.
Lodging is available for our one week classes.
Lodging is available for out of town guests.
Lodging is available for seasonal employees.
Lodging is available for single or double occupancy.
Lodging is available for small wedding parties and small receptions.
Lodging is available in a variety of venerable homes.
Lodging is available in all price ranges from economy to luxury.
Lodging is available in Atlanta.
Lodging is available in bunk-style cabins.
Lodging is available in campgrounds and cabins in the park.
Lodging is available in every season, at all elevations.
Lodging is available in Front Royal.
Lodging is available in Hill City.
Lodging is available in historic fort buildings.
Lodging is available in Manhattan and outside the city within commuting distance.
Lodging is available in many styles.
Lodging is available in nearby Grass Valley.
Lodging is available in nearby hotels at special rates.
Lodging is available in nearby towns.
Lodging is available in on-campus housing, area hotels, and a local youth hostel.
Lodging is available in our beautiful new cabins complete with propane heat and electric lights.
Lodging is available in our new lodge.
Lodging is available in the area for out of town collectors.
Lodging is available in the area.
Lodging is available in the form of hotels and motels, but hurry as that option fills up fast.
Lodging is available in the immediate area.
Lodging is available in the park and Volcano Village.
Lodging is available in town.
Lodging is available including our cabins.
Lodging is available near the medical center.
Lodging is available nearby which can support indoor conferencing and training needs.
Lodging is available nearby.
Lodging is available on a limited basis.
Lodging is available on campus or at local hotels.
Lodging is available on campus.
Lodging is available on high quality tent camping grounds or cabanas at our resort.
Lodging is available on the hill.
Lodging is available on the main campus.
Lodging is available on the ranch, as well as a cook to provide meals upon request.
Lodging is available outside the park.
Lodging is available seasonally.
Lodging is available throughout the week.
Lodging is available to our students only while they are attending school.
Lodging is available with package rates.
Lodging is available with reservations.
Lodging is available within walking distance of the lifts.
Lodging is available year round.
Lodging is available year-round near the park entrance.
Lodging is available.
Lodging is basic but adequate, usually in hostels or the homes of church people.
Lodging is billed separately at the standard government rate.
Lodging is booked two to a room.
Lodging is booked well in advance, especially during the summer months.
Lodging is booked well in advance, so make reservations as far ahead as possible.
Lodging is by far the largest one.
Lodging is by local motel.
Lodging is casually elegant as well.
Lodging is close to the beach, and each room is equipped with a kitchen and private bathroom.
Lodging is closeby.
Lodging is comfortable and food service is excellent.
Lodging is comfortable and food service is good.
Lodging is concentrated in one of five zones.
Lodging is defined as the room plus room tax.
Lodging is dormitory style, and food is family style.
Lodging is dormitory style.
Lodging is double occupancy with limited singles, twin size beds and spacious shared baths nearby.
Lodging is double occupancy, except for faculty.
Lodging is double occupancy.
Lodging is easily accessible within a five mile radius.
Lodging is easy to find.
Lodging is extra.
Lodging is filled by registration postmark.
Lodging is for two nights double room at workshop site.
Lodging is four small houses.
Lodging is free for one night and includes one free meal.
Lodging is free for space required or official travelers.
Lodging is free for the entire period.
Lodging is free for volunteers.
Lodging is generally double-occupancy.
Lodging is good in all price classes.
Lodging is hard to come by.
Lodging is high-end, with condos, homes and rooms for rent.
Lodging is hotel style, two to a room.
Lodging is in a clean, comfortable bunkhouse with modern amenities.
Lodging is in a comfortable two-wing cabin, each equipped with toilets, showers and bunk beds.
Lodging is in a dorm or with a local family.
Lodging is in a guest house in the town of Pine Ridge.
Lodging is in a large cabin right on the trails.
Lodging is in a nearby village with a homey atmosphere, good food and friendly people.
Lodging is in a rustic bunkhouse with modern conveniences.
Lodging is in a rustic historical structure that has been completely renovated.
Lodging is in bunk house dormitories and cabin tents.
Lodging is in cabin tents with two per tent and cots.
Lodging is in cabins and yurts with heat, lights and mattresses.
Lodging is in cabins with fireplaces.
Lodging is in campground cabins.
Lodging is in carpeted cabins that sleep eight people, with built-in bunk beds and bathrooms.
Lodging is in charming inns and bed and breakfasts.
Lodging is in comfortable, modern apartments, less than a two-minute walk from the ski lift.
Lodging is in dormitories and food is cafeteria camp-style.
Lodging is in dormitories with meals served in the cafeteria.
Lodging is in double rooms in hotels or luxury , fully equipped penthouse apartments.
Lodging is in double rooms.
Lodging is in guest houses and is dormitory style.
Lodging is in hotels, comfortable local housing and in tent camps while on safari.
Lodging is in hotel-type rooms, condominiums and mountainside homes.
Lodging is in self-catering flats or student dormitories with dining hall.
Lodging is in shared rooms with two to four people per apartment.
Lodging is in short supply in the Gresham area.
Lodging is in the area, with dinner at the hotel.
Lodging is in the Brewery Bay Chalet.
Lodging is in the middle of nowhere on the working finca of the family, running the whole business.
Lodging is included and some meals.
Lodging is included in the cost of the program.
Lodging is included in the total cost.
Lodging is included in the two-day mule trip.
Lodging is included in tuition fees.
Lodging is included with the training.
Lodging is included.
Lodging is just as varied as the people seeking it.
Lodging is just as varied.
Lodging is limited in Gold River.
Lodging is limited, and most participants camp at the race site.
Lodging is limited.
Lodging is located on campus.
Lodging is mainly in rustic lodges.
Lodging is most often in basic cabins with two nights spent camping in tents.
Lodging is near the historic town center, and the summer school classroom site is nearby.
Lodging is nearby and convenient for out of town participants.
Lodging is nestled among shade trees, rock formations, and winding streams.
Lodging is offered gratis in local homes and information on local motels is available.
Lodging is often a problem at higher nitrogen levels.
Lodging is on a first come, first serve basis.
Lodging is on the American plan, with all meals and riding included.
Lodging is only available at participating properties.
Lodging is only to be reimbursed to the employee.
Lodging is optional.
Lodging is organized by price and offers details of amenities.
Lodging is outstanding- from colonial inns to high rise deluxe hotels.
Lodging is payable by an interdepartmental or intra-agency transfer of funds.
Lodging is plentiful in Sarasota.
Lodging is plentiful, from quaint cottages to major hotel complexes.
Lodging is primitive with tent camping the norm.
Lodging is probably available.
Lodging is provided as well as allowance for food and transportation.
Lodging is provided at one of the historic river canyon lodges.
Lodging is provided by group log cabins with bunk beds and wood burning stoves.
Lodging is provided by the dormitories at camp.
Lodging is provided by the hospital.
Lodging is provided free in campus housing.
Lodging is provided free of charge.
Lodging is provided in a comfortable full service hunting cabin with all meals.
Lodging is provided in church members' homes and existing church building.
Lodging is provided in climate-controlled rooms, each with a private bath.
Lodging is provided in custom crafted log cabins.gourmet meal service is available.
Lodging is provided in lovely oceanfront houses with shared baths and kitchens.
Lodging is provided in Salmon, Idaho.
Lodging is provided in shared apartments.
Lodging is provided in single occupancy dormitory rooms on campus.
Lodging is provided in two bunkhouses.
Lodging is provided in winterized cabins.
Lodging is provided on hospital grounds.
Lodging is provided on site.
Lodging is provided on the hospital grounds.
Lodging is provided subject to terms and conditions of hotel or landlord.
Lodging is provided.
Lodging is readily available are ranges from economy to luxury.
Lodging is reduced under higher plant densities.
Lodging is reimbursable if a mini seminar is presented one time only within a fiscal year.
Lodging is reimbursable.
Lodging is reimbursed at single rate only.
Lodging is reimbursed at the single rate.
Lodging is reimbursed at the single room rate.
Lodging is rustic and casual, with no sacrifice on modern amenities.
Lodging is rustic and romatic with bedroom views of humming birds and exotic flowers.
Lodging is rustic redwood cabins with open screen windows on the upper third of the walls.
Lodging is scarce.
Lodging is still available.
Lodging is the client's responsibility.
Lodging is the difficult part.
Lodging is the largest expense, especially since most rooms are in high-priced hotels.
Lodging is the responsibility of the registrant .
Lodging is the responsibility of the teachers.
Lodging is to be individually arranged, directly with the hotels .
Lodging is to provide with temporary quarters, especially for sleeping.
Lodging is too expensive.
Lodging is usually double-occupancy.
Lodging is usually in the form of cabins or dorm-style rooms.
Lodging is usually multi-directional.
Lodging is very tight, booked way in advance.
Lodging is way too expensive on the mountain.
Lodging leads to pods touching the soil, resulting in tip rot under humid conditions.
Lodging makes harvesting difficult and makes ripening uneven by delaying maturity in lodged areas.
Lodging means that the crew lives on board all year round.
Lodging occurs when freeze-damaged stems weaken and bend the plant toward the ground.
Lodging provided is comfortable mobile homes or remodeled ranch houses.
Lodging provided is comfortable remodeled ranch houses .
Lodging provides anything from cabins to suites to fit everyone's budget.
Lodging ranges from a casita guest room to a two-bedroom adobe casita.
Lodging ranges from campgrounds to four-star cottages.
Lodging ranges from deluxe hotels to charming historic inns and economy hotels.
Lodging ranges from dorm rooms to beach front deluxe bures.
Lodging ranges from dormitory to private rooms, and meals are strictly vegetarian.
Lodging ranges from economy to first class.
Lodging ranges from guest rooms to suites, some as large as two bedrooms.
Lodging ranges from hotels to tents.
Lodging ranges from motel rooms to three-bedroom suites.
Lodging ranges from purely elegant, to simply rustic and comfortable.
Lodging ranges from rooms at a modest hotel to four-bedroom condos.
Lodging ranges from rustic to elegant.
Lodging ranges from tent camping in our beautiful forest to warm and cozy motels.
Lodging ranges from trailside chalets to comfortable motels.
Lodging reduces both grain yield and grain quality.
Lodging requires a one night reservation deposit.
Lodging starts at a mere Seventy-nine dollars a night.
Lodging varies from private room to camp.
Lodging varies greatly from club to club, but most are designed in bunk-style rooms.
Lodgings are always comfortable, often spectacular.
Lodgings are available on a weekly, monthly, or yearly basis.
Lodgings are dormitory style with shared bath.
Lodgings are housing.
Lodgings are in tented camps along the route.
Lodgings are located in big cities.
Lodgings are located in hotels.
Lodgings are located in inns.
Lodgings are located in resort areas.
Lodgings are residency.
Lodgings are rooms to be rented in people's homes with shared cooking and bathing facilities.
Lodgings are service organizations.
Lodgings are spartan.
Lodgings are temporary shelter.
Lodgings are used for sleeping.
Lodgings fill up quickly during the games.
Lodgings range from basic to luxurious.
Lodgings range from four-star hotels with pools and saunas, to simple village inns.
Lodgings range from luxurious townhomes to distinctive lakeside cottages and historic lodge rooms.
Lodgings range from simple guest rooms to a honeymoon suite or an adjoining coach house.
Lodgings range from studios to one, two and three bedroom suites.
Lodgings vary from luxurious resort cottages to simple West Indian inns.
Lodgings vary from luxurious resort cottages to small, simple West Indian inns.
Lodgings vary from tour to tour, so get the specifics.
Lodgings vary widely in style and price throughout the Seattle area.
All lodging includes a private room, breakfast, and dinner.
All lodging is based on maximum occupancy per lodging unit.
All lodging is included in first class, five-star hotels.
All lodging is located in downtown Red Lodge, with the lifts a few miles up the mountain.
All lodging is non-smoking.
All lodging is single occupancy.
All lodgings are a short drive to campus, but none is within reasonable walking distance.
All lodgings are a short walk on earthen paths from the dining and lounge facilities.
All lodgings are an easy days touring apart - no more than three hours drive.
All lodgings are fully air-conditioned, beautifully furnished and perfectly secluded.
All lodgings are ideal retreats.
All lodgings has phones, TVs and full baths with showers.
All lodgings have a living area, a fully equipped kitchen, and shared bedrooms and bathrooms.
All lodgings have color TV and air conditioning, individual heat control, and private baths.
All lodgings have phones, TVs and full baths with showers.
Many lodgings also provide facilities for the hearing-impaired.
Most lodging is dormitory style.
Most lodging is in cabins arranged around the meadow.
Most lodging is only open in summer.
Most lodging is tucked away in the redwood forests.
Most lodgings are small and private, ranging from opulent villas to spartan guesthouses.
Most lodgings have hairdryers in the rooms or loaners at the front desk.
Some lodging is available in cabins and homes at reasonable rates.
Some lodging is available on campus.
Some lodging is avaliable at the facility.
Some lodgings also provide air-conditioning, fireplaces and small gardens with individual barbecues.
Some lodgings charge less at other times.
Some lodgings consistently sell out faster than others.
Some lodgings have neither electricity nor plumbing.
A lodgment is an allegation
Lodgments exist on a broad front.
Loess deposits cover much of the Midwest and extended south into Louisiana and Mississippi.
Loess sediments prevail, while the arboreal cover becomes almost non existent.
Loess soil is a fine-grained, wind blown sediment.
Loess soils are loose and silty, piled high by wind erosion.
Loess soils are particularly suitable.
Loess soils are usually well drained.
A loess is dirt
All loess is eolian, transported by the wind.
A loft is a floor
Loft isa storey.
Lofts also are extremely popular with active adults.
Lofts are a great addition.
Lofts are a popular way to modify hall rooms.
Lofts are also subject to safety check by staff at any time.
Lofts are available for an extra charge, which makes room below for the workstation.
Lofts are available for lease only.
Lofts are available for sale or lease.
Lofts are available for sale.
Lofts are available in some second floor locations.
Lofts are basically in wood and within sight, others are brickworks displayed in vaults.
Lofts are floors.
Lofts are great open spaces with huge tall ceilings.
Lofts are larger than most apartments, but have fewer interior walls, doors and finishes.
Lofts are located in apartment buildings.
Lofts are located in apartments.
Lofts are located in buildings.
Lofts are located in cities.
Lofts are located in frame houses.
Lofts are located in ranchs.
Lofts are one way to make great use of space.
Lofts are our niche.
Lofts are part of houses.
Lofts are pitch.
Lofts are shelter.
Lofts are slightly weaker than average irons.
Lofts are structures built to elevate the mattresses and give the rooms a little more space.
Lofts are temporary structures built at the expense and risk of room occupants.
Lofts are to be built according to the following specifications.
Lofts are to be completely dismantled and removed from the room by the day before finals begin.
Lofts are to be freestanding.
Lofts are used for extra space.
Lofts are used for sleeping.
Lofts are VERY affordable.
Lofts create a neighborhood feel in a downtown environment.
Lofts have (part) bases.
Lofts have (part) sections.
Lofts lend themselves aesthetically to conversion too.
Lofts look like bunk beds without the bottom bunk and give the residents additional floor space.
Lofts provide control for start and end tangent magnitudes.
Lofts range from one man shops to the some of the largest lofts in the world.
Lofts always seem to come out nice though.
All lofts are on the reception level.
Most lofts are coo-ops.
Most lofts are co-ops.
Most lofts use bigger, faster machines with more room under the arm.
Lofted ribs can now have a different airfoil at each panel juncture position.
Lofty ceilings provide the right acoustics for music concerts, as well.
Lofty debate degenerates into low-stakes bickering.
Lofty expectations are inevitable any time beloved musicians collaborate.
Lofty ideas are the bread and milk of the human mind.
Lofty layouts are hot in new construction, where the influence of loft style has been remarkable.
Lofty mountain ranges grace one side and the other is washed by the blue Arabian sea.
Lofty statements have little credibility.
Lofty targets are a long-standing tradition in Europe.
Lofty windows look out onto a patio lit with several twinkling white lights.
Lofty words make no impression on the minds of the mob.
Log analysis is also important for any Web server in production.
Log analysis is done for internal information purposes only.
Log analysis is essential for troubleshooting and informational purposes.
Log analysis is only one of several such mechanisms.
Log averages are lower than arithmetic averages.
Log books are available on-site at inspection location.
Log books are complete.
Log books are located in tables.
Log books are often valuable if it is necessary to search from somebody lost in the vicinity.
Log books are to be continued in order to record activities,appraise and grade the students.
Log buildings blend beautifully with landscaping and use a renewable resource.
Log buildings suffer the most from the sagging foundations.
A log cabin is a cabin
Log cabins are also available for rental.
Log cabins are cabins.
Log cabins are cozy, modern, clean with fully equipped kitchens.
Log cabins are houses.
Log cabins are popular with honeymoon couples.
Log cabins offer a slightly more simple type of accommodation.
All log cabins have central heat and air conditioning.
Log construction is now a nice mix of old log and new technology.
Log construction is perfect for commercial buildings, too.
Log file contains no weather information.
Log file is a text file with tab separated values.
Log file is in standard 'common log format'.
Log file is open for writing.
Log file is open.
Log file keeps track of activity.
Log file maintains all the transactions .
Log file saves all ZIP creation or send activities.
Log files are a good example.
Log files are a more accurate measure of visits, in that they record data for all pages.
Log files are also accessible from the applet.
Log files are also very helpful.
Log files are an important part of troubleshooting problems.
Log files are archaic forms of gathering data.
Log files are computer files.
Log files are in combined log file format.
Log files are inaccessible to any outside user.
Log files are no longer auto-rotated every time the server starts up.
Log files are on a separate page.
Log files are repositories of data produced by iterative programs.
Log files are simply transaction records web servers maintain.
Log files are under no circumstances shared with any third party.
Log files are very helpful in debugging.
Log files can be several hundred pages long.
Log files can easily be several megabytes is size.
Log files can get pretty large.
Log files can grow and fill up disk space.
Log files can grow very large.
Log files can have a fixed size.
Log files can lead to information overkill.
Log files can rollover daily, weekly, monthly or never.
Log files can tell if people have been connecting to machines, log ins and log in failures.
Log files capture verbatim transcripts of every class meeting.
Log files collect data and grow in size.
Log files contain information on site traffic and visitors.
Log files Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Log files keep a permanent history of all transactions.
Log files provide users and administrators with important feedback on which documents are popular.
Log files show technical information regarding the process that creates a report.
Log files slow down the server.
Log files take up a lot of disk space.
Log files tend to grow until they become too large to handle.
All log furniture is subject to the natural process of checking.
Log home is nestled in the woods, with deer, grouse, wild turkeys, bald eagles, geese and ducks.
Log homes are big and there's a lot of wood and often that wood is of unknown quality.
Log homes are dream houses.
Log homes are in the same price range.
Log homes are less expensive to build than other homes.
Log homes are naturally energy efficient.
Log homes are one of the most affordable types of homes to build.
Log homes are one of the most comfortable house designs to live in.
Log homes are quality homes that compare in cost with brick homes.
Log homes are too leaky to provide good energy efficiency.
Log homes arouse the interest of almost everybody, often to the point of excitement.
Log homes have steep roof pitches, and the forces are different.
Log homes offer an attractive alternative life-style and at less cost than conventional housing.
Log homes provide comfort and utility with rustic appeal and durability.
Log homes use the same exterminating precautions and procedures used for conventional frame houses.
Log houses are especially vulnerable.
A log line is cord
Log lines are tools for the development process.
Log lines have a function.
Some log lines are part of frigates.
Some log lines are part of ships.
Some log lines are part of shipwrecks.
Some log lines are part of steamers.
Some log lines are part of submarines.
Some log lines are part of tankers.
Log management involves intermittent soaking, fruiting, harvesting, and resting.
Log paper differs in two primary ways from regular graph paper.
Log plots are better for finding trace elements or minor constituents.
Log rides are cool.
Log rotation causes a new log to be started every day.
Log shipping improves scalability by offloading query processing to read-only destination servers.
Log trucks are immaculate, always.
A log is wood
Log cabins under construction at the foot of a hillside.
Log calls, track calls, build a knowledge base, create report, and more.
Log contains information on the website traffic.
Log correspondences with waking events that follow the dream.
Log file The file for making log entries.
Log grading is available for an additional charge.
Log isa wood.
Log log graph paper affords wide latitude in plotting data.
Log notes on computer and maintain community council file.
Log phase exponential growth with minimal generation time.
Log roll onto back.
Log roll onto side.
Log roll onto stomach with arms above head.
Log strips for a boat.
Log trails a killer, great descents and some very tech.areas too.
Logs act as thermal mass, storing heat during the day and gradually releasing it at night.
Logs allow multiplication and division to be reduced to addition and subtraction.
Logs also store energy and fix nitrogen.
Logs are a durable building material and proven as energy efficient .
Logs are a natural building material, and many folks love the warm, natural feel of a log home.
Logs are a natural reservoir for heat energy.
Logs are a passive collection method.
Logs are about halfway up.
Logs are also an effective investigative tool following incidents.
Logs are also available on line , which can be downloaded and printed.
Logs are also essential in investigating incidents after the fact.
Logs are an invaluable tool in helping to diagnose problems when they arise.
Logs are available with log carriers at our front desk.
Logs are band-sawn on the farm.
Logs are both an intellectual investigative medium and a way to explore affect.
Logs are cheap compared to milled lumber.
Logs are 'cycled' weekly.
Logs are documents.
Logs are due two weeks after the sprint.
Logs are especially useful in economic evaluation.
Logs are for Members only .
Logs are fully editable and can be configured in a variety of ways.
Logs are good lessons in the process of decay and the life associated with it.
Logs are grade-stamped as required by local codes or client's request.
Logs are hard to move by sheer manpower.
Logs are hardwood oak, birch, gum, cypress, and hard pine.
Logs are in good condition.
Logs are in simple text file format.
Logs are inanimate objects.
Logs are like fingerprints.
Logs are located in doctors.
Logs are now also output to file.
Logs are on the way.
Logs are only available for three months prior to the current date.
Logs are part of baths.
Logs are part of cabs.
Logs are part of ships.
Logs are powers.
Logs are pre-cut and numbered for easy assemblage.
Logs are prone to staining and require rapid extraction and conversion.
Logs are single lockable entities.
Logs are spot-checked for accuracy and completion.
Logs are stacked diagonally on a support or in triangles and then covered to help maintain humidity.
Logs are susceptible to attack by longhorn beetle.
Logs are the records of every computer that connects to a Web site.
Logs are to be completed and handed to the faculty member during the on-campus clinical conferences.
Logs are to be completed daily and handed in during the on-campus clinical conference.
Logs are useful for recording interesting or useful information or conversations, as well.
Logs are usually de-barked and left in their natural round shape.
Logs are usually well shaped, straight, and cylindrical.
Logs are very useful in determining what is going on with the filters and tunnels.
Logs are wood.
Logs arrive on site by truck to be processed at the chipmill.
Logs assemble in hours.
Logs barely discernible.
Logs can also help clear up possibly disastrous mistakes.
Logs can be a bit twisty, so long as they are reasonably straight in one plane.
Logs can be great fun and can occur singly, in a pile, or in succession.
Logs can be in any format.
Logs can be in color or black and white.
Logs can be useful for tracking down errors when creating new new recipes.
Logs can have brittleheart or softheart.
Logs can provide a wonderful source of information when looking for signs of attacks.
Logs can provide much more information than just hit counts.
Logs can record data to log files, which contain columns and rows of data in text format.
Logs contain a lot of repetition, which drowns out the interesting entries.
Logs continue to be cut illegally in Cambodia.
Logs cover the dug out area.
Logs crack, most often in long spirals.
Logs crackling in the fireplace can be a hit for second showings.
Logs currently consists of twelve ceramists and sculptors, but new members are now being admitted.
Logs do belong in the real world.
Logs enter a reservoir from streams and logging activities nearby.
Logs generally become available the week following the session.
Logs hang up on fewer things, and pull easier if they are partially lifted from the ground.
Logs have thickness.
Logs have various uses, too.
Logs keep track of connections to the system, daemon activity, file transfers, mail, and more.
Logs Look up the man page for syslogd.
Logs now transit through the Cameroonian port of Douala.
Logs offer warmth without the wood.
Logs ought to be both machine readable and human readable.
Logs provide other useful information.
Logs provide shelter and feeding holes for fish, and rocks make good spawning areas.
Logs provide shelter.
Logs provide useful information to network administrators and group managers.
Logs remain outdoors at the manufacturing site until the kit is complete.
Logs require prompt conversion or water storage to prevent damage by pinhole borers.
Logs reveal a growing level of system use.
Logs seem to populate some trails, but they are easily negotiable to anyone with any skill.
Logs show no problems during the night either.
Logs take up space.
Logs transfer to a mysql-db.
Logs Use separate log sheet for each band.
Logs often contain sensitive information such as dates and times of user access.
Logs usually produce mushrooms in both the spring and fall.
All logs are available and there is no damage history.
All logs are due on a regular day each week unless otherwise described here.
All logs are fakable, and the oper has no way to firsthand prove it's happening.
All logs are full scribed.
All logs are gamma ray.
All logs are hand hewn, planed, or sanded and protected with a single application of preservative.
All logs are in txt format and are stored in zip files.
All logs are in txt format and named by the session date.
All logs are natural wood.
All logs are of excellent quality except neutron porosity.
All logs are of good quality except for neutron porosity.
All logs are original.
All logs carry a lifetime warranty against breakage.
All logs retain their natural taper as a tree.
Most logs are limby and bark inclusions extend deep into the wood.
Most logs have thickness.
Most logs provide bytes and time so a measure of throughput is available.
Some logs appear to be sufficiently large to weigh over a ton.
Some logs are more helpful than others because of the depth of thought.
Some logs have details.
Some logs have evidence.
Some logs remain, use caution.
Some logs require parent's initials if the child reads at home.
Logan bushings ride on ball bearings, dramatically reducing drag.
Logan officials say they've tried writing letters and talking to state leaders.
Logan isa thing.
A loganberry is a berry
Loganberries love rich soil and respond to generous manuring.
Logarithm is power
All logarithms are base e.
Logarithmic coordinates are useful for comparing widely ranging numbers.
Logarithmic functions are the inverse of exponential functions.
Logarithmic functions turn multiplication into addition.
Logarithmic graphs are similar but use a logarithmic scale.
Logarithmic growth is slower than that of any rational function.
Logarithmic model is supported by the rock mechanics experiments.
A logarithmic scale is a scale
Logarithmic scale is more convenient usually, but it needs more computer resources.
Logarithmic scales are also available.
Logarithmic scales are scales.
Logarithmic spirals are common in nature.
Logarithmic transformation is used with positive integers which cover a wide range.
Logarithmic utility is considered as a special case.
A logbook is a record
Logbooks are essential to register for diving.
Logbooks are mandatory for all interventional procedures irrespective of subspecialty.
Logbooks are records.
Logbooks are still to be filled out even if no fish are kept.
Logfile analysis is automated and accomplished daily.
Logged areas have a fifty percent reduced water yield.
Logged data is directed at standard output.
Logged features appear on a map as they are collected.
Logged information is for our internal use only.
Logged user is managed by the following method, OnLoggedUser .
A logger is a laborer
Logger features and specifications . . .
Logger modules support and fhttpd-log logger that uses it.
Loggers activate appropriate handlers.
Loggers also are a cause of fire.
Loggers also operate heavy machinery to transport logs from cutting to loading sites.
Loggers also replace trees as they go, in an attempt to forestall a shortage of wood.
Loggers are angry by the plan saying that there was nothing wrong with cutting the forest.
Loggers are available for single, split and three phase circuits.
Loggers ARE environmentalists.
Loggers are passed through, unless any loggers are defined in the child group.
Loggers are sellers of a product, wood.
Loggers are simple enough things, in essence.
Loggers are skilled workers.
Loggers can afford to skid higher value logs further than lower value logs.
Loggers can align themselves to traditional local authorities and mask illegal logging activities.
Loggers can be great lifeguards.
Loggers confess their sins.
Loggers contend that allowing such giant trees to die, rot, and fall over is a waste of resources.
Loggers continue to move in, and the forests are being lost at a frightening rate.
Loggers destroy the wild forests diminishing enjoyment for many.
Loggers do the actual work of logging.
Loggers drive logs down river.
Loggers face a variety of work-related hazards.
Loggers face numerous hazards.
Loggers feature tamper-proof operation.
Loggers generally work in crews of four to eight workers.
Loggers go for miles into Bolivia chopping down huge swaths of timber.
Loggers harvest the trees.
Loggers have more legitimate concerns.
Loggers have the same views.
Loggers have to be big and mighty.
Loggers have to endure poisonous plants, brambles, insects, and snakes.
Loggers have to go farther into the forests.
Loggers know that.
Loggers learn other environmentally friendly logging methods at master logger classes.
Loggers list needs to be updated better.
Loggers move a glossy crawler up a mountain to snag a tree.
Loggers now buy many more trees from private landowners and at much higher cost.
Loggers provide another vehicle to communicate with a larger number of private forest owners.
Loggers receive food rations near the starvation level.
Loggers remain dubious about any cutback in roads.
Loggers remain unregulated and are supposed to adhere to voluntary best management practices.
Loggers say they are losing their jobs over environmental regulations.
Loggers say they chip only twisted waste logs that are unsuitable for lumber.
Loggers see trees as dollars.
Loggers tell of loading entire railroad cars with boards cut from just one tree.
Loggers work under unusually hazardous conditions.
Loggers work with overhead dangers from above.
Loggers often attempt to swing trees into openings by cutting the hinge off on one side.
Loggers usually have a log loader around which doubles as a yard crane.
All loggers are welcome to add a listing at any time.
Every logger needs to have a dozer around just in case something needs shoved.
Many loggers belong to a union.
Many loggers have chainsaws in one hand and government hand outs in the other.
Most loggers work in small crews for self-employed contractors.
Some loggers can send their output to a distant machine over the Internet.
A loggerhead shrike is a shrike
Loggerhead shrikes eat crayfish.
A loggerhead turtle is a marine turtle
Loggerhead turtles are the most abundant of all the marine turtle species in U.S. waters.
Loggerhead turtles are the most frequently observed turtles in Florida waters.
Loggerhead turtles are vulnerable to entanglement in trap fishery lines, and subsequent drowning.
Loggerhead turtles deposit their eggs in the white sands of unspoiled beaches.
Loggerhead turtles use the island's Gulf beaches to lay eggs in their buried nests.
Most loggerhead turtles spread their rear flippers beside their nest during deposition.
A loggerhead is a person
Loggerhead nesting takes place in late spring and peaks during the summer months.
Loggerhead takes dip in backyard pool.
Loggerheads apparently migrate over long distances.
Loggerheads are called 'hatchlings'.
Loggerheads are eaten by many different species.
Loggerheads are less fortunate.
Loggerheads are reddish brown on the back and orange - yellow underneath.
Loggerheads are sea turtles.
Loggerheads are the most common of the five species of sea turtles found in Florida.
Loggerheads are the only species in which the hatchlings emerge completely at night.
Loggerheads eat a variety of foods including horseshoe crabs, jellyfish and mollusks.
Loggerheads eat crabs, clams and other shellfish.
Loggerheads eat crabs, jellyfish, and molluscs.
Loggerheads eat fish , squid , jellyfish , crabs , and other small sea animals .
Loggerheads eat fish, squid, jellyfish, crabs, and other small sea animals.
Loggerheads feed on marine organisms such as mollusks and crustaceans and also eat seaweed.
Loggerheads have a very short migratory distance.
Loggerheads have jaws adapted for crushing and grinding.
Loggerheads have powerful jaws that crush shellfish and mollusks.
Loggerheads inhabit an enormous range from north to south.
Loggerheads live in the seas around the world .
Loggerheads live in the seas around the world.
Loggerheads mate in offshore waters near beach nesting areas.
Loggerheads migrate to nesting sites by following vegetation laden ocean currents.
Loggerheads migrate to warmer, more tropical waters in the winter months.
Loggerheads nest the furthest north of all the sea turtles, as far as North Carolina.
Loggerheads prefer coastal bays, but are found in the open seas.
Some Loggerheads also live near other countries like Chile , Greece , and Indonesia .
Some Loggerheads also live near other countries like Chile, Greece, and Indonesia.
Some loggerheads breed and lay eggs in Japan.
Some loggerheads bury themselves in the mud during the winter months.
A loggia is a colonnade
Loggia specializes in quality sites dedicated to the arts and humanities.
Loggia specializes in quality sites dedicated to the arts.
Most logging occupations involve lifting, climbing, and other strenuous activities.
Loggings are outdoor activities.
Loggings are work.
Logic analyzers are almost as useful for performance measurements.
Logic analyzers can employ a two-clock approach to derive state and timing information.
Some logic analyzers use an asynchronous sampler to make state measurements.
A logic bomb is a computer programme
Logic bombs are misnamed - a better analogy is a landmine.
Logic bombs are programs that have the ability to delete files or reformat hard drives.
Logic bombs are virus programs that are set to activate at a certain time or date.
Logic circuits have gates.
Logic circuits have logic gates.
Most logic circuits have gates.
Most logic circuits have logic gates.
Some logic circuits perform functions.
Some logic circuits perform logic functions.
Some logic circuits perform specific functions.
Some logic circuits perform specific logic functions.
Logic errors are errors caused by problems in the internal logic of the program.
Logic errors are incorrect use of control structures.
Logic errors are more difficult to be found and removed.
Logic errors are more insidious and difficult to find.
Logic errors are still possible to commit, particularly by neophytes.
Logic errors are the worst type of all.
Logic errors can be very hard to fix.
Logic games are easier for some test-takers than for others.
Every logic game falls into one of several basic patterns or game types.
A logic gate is a circuit
Logic gates are a basic building block of all computers.
Logic gates are devices that are built to do truth tables.
Logic gates are digital components .
Logic gates are digital components.
Logic gates are electronic versions of Boolean logic .
Logic gates are electronic versions of Boolean logic.
Logic gates are like switches with multiple inputs and a single output.
Logic gates are the fundamental building blocks of all digital electronics.
Logic gates can have more than two inputs.
Logic gates make up circuits, and circuits make up electronic systems, such as computers.
Logic gates make up circuits.
Most logic gates have two inputs and one output.
All logic languages have to name the data objects they handle.
Logic level switches for input.
Logic models are like flow charts with a vision.
Logic models can help guide policy and evaluation.
Logic problems are a different story.
Logic problems are excellent for kids to practice their critical thinking skills.
Logic programs are easier to create and enable machines to explain their results and actions.
Logic programs are very different than object based programs.
A logic programming is a creation
Logic programming applies to all areas of artificial intelligence and computer science.
Logic programming are computer programming.
Logic programming are programming.
Logic programming can help deal with the problem of incompleteness of the database.
Logic programming has advantages for software engineering.
Logic programming is a natural candidate for a modelling language in mathematical programming.
Logic programming is amenable to the exploitation of implicit parallelism.
Logic programming is an active field of research in computer science.
Logic programming is based on the idea that computation is controlled inference.
Logic programming seems to be well suited to meet the needs of the new Computing.
Logic programming uses logic and proof procedures to define and resolve problems.
Logic reasoning allows users to express high level, abstract goals.
Logic synthesis is performed based on the block-level constraints extracted at the top level.
Logic systems are more general than database systems.
Logic allows children to live with the consequences of their choices.
Logic allows for clear and systematic thinking, also promoting further inquiry and understanding.
Logic allows mechanized inference of logically correct formulas from pre-existing formulas.
Logic applies to structures.
Logic attempts to study mathematics itself.
Logic based programming is declarative rather than procedural.
Logic begins with the evidence provided by the senses.
Logic can be patient, for it is eternal.
Logic can be useful if the logical system is up to date.
Logic can examine some of the guidelines for making good inductive generalizations.
Logic can neither prove nor disprove the core of theological doctrines.
Logic can never decide what is possible or impossible.
Logic can only recognize that the ache exists and therefore needs to be addressed.
Logic can solve most anything.
Logic can t solve fundamental problems when basic information is missing.
Logic changes on the data bus, address bus, and control lines of the microprocessors.
Logic clearly dictates that the rights of the many outweigh the avarice of the few.
Logic clearly favors retirement.
Logic confirms the impossibility of such expectations.
Logic counts for nothing when a symbolic point can be made.
Logic crosses all barriers with a grace and elegance that's staggering to behold.
Logic databases collapse with inconsistent database.
Logic decrees that it is the other way round.
Logic defeats anger, because anger, even when it is justified, can quickly become irrational.
Logic defeats anger, because anger, even when it's justified, can quickly become irrational.
Logic defines knowledge.
Logic defines objective reality.
Logic demands a cause for every effect.
Logic demands an object as the cause of knowledge.
Logic demands that the power to grant permission is also the power to deny permission.
Logic demands that.
Logic dicates that Santa is a Woman .
Logic dictates a different conclusion.
Logic dictates as much.
Logic dictates no other choice.
Logic dictates that damage often occurs during apartment parties.
Logic dictates that it was in their interests to keep the hostages alive.
Logic dictates that Northampton's luck is going to run out sooner or later.
Logic dictates that the market is both sizable and immediate.
Logic dictates that the planet's space and resources are limited.
Logic dictates that uniform standards of hand counts are necessary.
Logic dictates that, for a very simple card counting strategy, simply keep track of the fives.
Logic dictates the latter.
Logic dictates the opposite result where a judgment is reversed or vacated on appeal.
Logic dictates to DO, and preferably, there is no drive to do otherwise.
Logic dictates, then, that Doyle try for three points no matter the position on the field.
Logic dissipates rapidly in soil.
Logic entails relations and things.
Logic exists in the mind, Numbers exist only in the mind.
Logic exists in the mind.
Logic fails here.
Logic fails to be boring.
Logic flies out the door, and with it, so do our hopes of a worthy ending.
Logic follows that it's likely a significant source for finding internships and co-op positions too.
Logic gives the student skill in reasoning.
Logic gives way to emotion.
Logic goes further.
Logic goes out the window, as does any pretence toward objectivity.
Logic goes untested.
Logic grows out of the grammar of each language, so there is just simply NO universal human logic.
Logic has become irrelevant, argument a waste of breath.
Logic has close and deep contacts to all parts of computer science.
Logic has low toxicity to other organisms, except for aquatic invertebrates and bees.
Logic helps people decide whether something is true or false.
Logic imprisoned by the senses is an organic disease.
Logic includes categorical logic, propositional logic and fuzzy logic.
Logic involves rules.
Logic involves the art of examining opinions or ideas through questions and answers.
Logic involves using concepts to draw conclusions.
Logic is a branch of philosophy.
Logic is a dirty word and thinking a bad habit.
Logic is a game with specific rules.
Logic is a good mistress but a very bad master.
Logic is a great equalizer and no respecter of persons.
Logic is a handy bag of tricks, only of value as a means to more vital ends.
Logic is a kind of science, like mathematics, but different from the empirical sciences.
Logic is a large field of discussion and inquiry.
Logic is a little bird singing sweetly off key.
Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree, that smells awful.
Logic is a little more particular about what makes a good argument.
Logic is a mental process.
Logic is a poor guide compared with custom.
Logic is a powerful tool for analysis.
Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.
Logic is a product of nature.
Logic is a science of reasoning, including methods for distinguishing good reasoning from bad.
Logic is a science.
Logic is a sense
Logic is a skill.
Logic is a strange word to use here.
Logic is a system of consequence.
Logic is a system of reasoning.
Logic is a systematic method for getting the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Logic is a systematic method of arriving at the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Logic is a systematic way of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Logic is a theory of correct reasoning.
Logic is a tool.
Logic is a tricky thing to evaluate.
Logic is a worldwide provider of business management software for the printing industry.
Logic is a wreath of pretty flowers which smell bad.
Logic is addressed first in the learning process because other sciences depend on ft.
Logic is alien to humans, all animals have an ability to communicate with each other .
Logic is all there is.
Logic is also a branch of mathematics.
Logic is also an activity, one that includes the activity of criticizing reasonings.
Logic is also toxic to fish.
Logic is an ancient subject whose tradition is carried on today mostly in philosophy departments.
Logic is an examination of the nature of reason and argumentation.
Logic is an extension of intellect.
Logic is an extremely complex and powerful program.
Logic is an important tool of the course.
Logic is an ineffective way to convince someone.
Logic is an interdisciplinary subject.
Logic is an unintended victim a number of times in the film.
Logic is artificial.
Logic is as true as the flat earth theory.
Logic is at best a negative test for truth.
Logic is beautiful.
Logic is boring.
Logic is both an organ of and a preparation for philosophy.
Logic is broadly the analysis of the structure of correct reasoning.
Logic is brought to bear in every aspect of creative construction in the paradigm.
Logic is built using normal functions within the control area.
Logic is but fleeting.
Logic is capable of help.
Logic is common senses.
Logic is concerned to provide sound methods for distinguishing good from bad reasoning.
Logic is concerned with the laws of valid reasoning.
Logic is concerned with the structure of an argument.
Logic is critical to problem solving and reasoning .
Logic is deductive and axiomatic demanding sequential reasoning.
Logic is deemed insane.
Logic is dependent upon proofs.
Logic is derived from the principles of language itself.
Logic is directed at the meaning of language as the fact based on what is valid or invalid.
Logic is easier to develop and verify using pictorial methods such as decision trees.
Logic is embedded in language if and only if logic varies as language varies.
Logic is embedded.
Logic is essential to understanding texts in modern analytic philosophy.
Logic is everywhere.
Logic is evident in the development.
Logic is evident, but weak.
Logic is external to the human mind.
Logic is foundational to the study of every other subject.
Logic is fun.
Logic is given more value.
Logic is grouped into modules to hide the details of the implementation of a module.
Logic is how buyers justify doing what they WANT to do.
Logic is illogical, when emotions are the playing pieces.
Logic is important to discovery.
Logic is in the eye of the logician.
Logic is inconclusive.
Logic is introduced for fault injection in a targeted circuit.
Logic is invaluable in program proof .
Logic is invaluable.
Logic is involved.
Logic is irrelevant.
Logic is irrelevent.
Logic is just a branch of mathematics which studies discourse and their interpretation.
Logic is just a tool, as mathematics is a tool to measure.
Logic is like math.
Logic is like that.
Logic is located in schools.
Logic is logic is logic.
Logic is logic.
Logic is many things to many different people.
Logic is math.
Logic is much improved.
Logic is necessary in dealing with the confusion inherent within the dualistic Intellectual realm.
Logic is necessary to analyze other people s beliefs.
Logic is necessary to understand and communicate our own beliefs.
Logic is necessary.
Logic is neither a science or an art, but a dodge.
Logic is neither an art or a science but a dodge.
Logic is nowhere to be seen as they promote dependence among women.
Logic is obsolete.
Logic is old.
Logic is one of the main formal tools used to develop artificial intelligence products.
Logic is one such tool.
Logic is one, and logical truth is the deepest point so far.
Logic is only a reasoning method.
Logic is only theoretical, expereince is direct apprehension of reality.
Logic is our friend.
Logic is overrated, narrative is overrated and so are plot and character.
Logic is part of mathematics, but at the same time it is the language of mathematics.
Logic is philosophy.
Logic is prescriptive rather than descriptive.
Logic is principles.
Logic is provided to choose the required operation.
Logic is rare.
Logic is really the core of philosophy.
Logic is reason arrogating to itself the right of judging alone, supremely, and without appeal.
Logic is recommended for developing powers of imaginative and incisive reasoning.
Logic is required, and a sense of adventure.
Logic is science.
Logic is seen as absolute and triumphant.
Logic is selectable as active high or active low via a printed circuit board jumper.
Logic is sensitive to small errors.
Logic is simple most time to read it.
Logic is simply a tool in the arsenal of Christian apologetics.
Logic is simply absent.
Logic is spurned.
Logic is studied without the use of formal proof.
Logic is surely a function of computers.
Logic is systems.
Logic is taught as a formal subject in grade eight.
Logic is taught to be irrelevant and sometimes even harmful.
Logic is that method of thinking which is in accordance with reality.
Logic is the anatomy of thought.
Logic is the art and principle of noncontradictory identification.
Logic is the art of argumentation, as necessary for mathematics as for making sense of a novel.
Logic is the art of going wrong with confidence.
Logic is the art of noncontradictory identification.
Logic is the art of producing and evaluating universals.
Logic is the art of showing if something is true, or if it is false.
Logic is the basic tool that philosophers use to investigate reality.
Logic is the basis of all rhetoric and evolves within a culture.
Logic is the basis of knowledge.
Logic is the basis of rationality and a foundation for mathematics, science and technology.
Logic is the branch of philosophy which studies reasoning.
Logic is the difference between correct and incorrect reasoning.
Logic is the fifth part of modern philosophy.
Logic is the foundation of function.
Logic is the glue that binds together methods of reasoning, in all domains.
Logic is the hard task-master.
Logic is the ice upon which conversation skates.
Logic is the introduction to philosophy in the strictest sense.
Logic is the key to success in any endeavor.
Logic is the key.
Logic is the matrix into which meaningful facts take their appropriate place.
Logic is the mechanics of thought and analysis .
Logic is the mechanics of thought and analysis.
Logic is the method of dialectic.
Logic is the most important attribute of exploration.
Logic is the motive or justification for making a decision.
Logic is the process of drawing a conclusion from one or more premises.
Logic is the road that leads to nowhere, or at the very best madness.
Logic is the same for both.
Logic is the same.
Logic is the science of correct reasoning.
Logic is the science of reasoning and the study of argument forms.
Logic is the science of reasoning, proof, thinking, or inference.
Logic is the science of reasoning.
Logic is the Science of Reasoning.
Logic is the science that evaluates arguments.
Logic is the science that looks at how to build an argument .
Logic is the science that looks at how to build an argument.
Logic is the second.
Logic is the simplest of arithmetic.
Logic is the story about what follows from what in all situations.
Logic is the study of arguments.
Logic is the study of how meanings are related to each other , and how to make good decisions .
Logic is the study of how meanings are related to each other, and how to make good decisions.
Logic is the study of patterns and systems of rational thought.
Logic is the study of reasoning and argument.
Logic is the study of reasoning and argumentation.
Logic is the study of the methods and principles used to distinquish good from bad reasoning.
Logic is the study of the principles of right reasoning.
Logic is the study of the principles of valid, or correct, reasoning.
Logic is the the study of propositions and of their use in argumentation.
Logic is the tool writers use to establish their credibility with readers.
Logic is the torch of rationality in the darkness of unknown and uncertainty.
Logic is therefore an essential of engineering, which is especially applicable for safety issues.
Logic is to be understood as the ordered relationship of particulars in each subject.
Logic is to be universal.
Logic is transcendental.
Logic is truly an amazing thing.
Logic is truly twisted.
Logic is unclear.
Logic is unneccessary.
Logic is used by computers in what is called an algorithm.
Logic is used for data manipulation and control functions.
Logic is used for reasoning.
Logic is used in mathematics.
Logic is used to figure things out, often by trial and error in actual practice.
Logic is usually the first fatality in ideological warfare.
Logic is very important to philosophy, due to the central role of argumentation in philosophy.
Logic is weak.
Logic is where math and philosophy converge.
Logic is where the brain does most of the work.
Logic is wrong.
Logic is, after all, no match for fear.
Logic is, of course, based on binarity.
Logic isa cognition.
Logic isa knowledge.
Logic knows nothing of The Nothing.
Logic lays no part in the process.
Logic leads to conclusions.
Logic leads to faulty conclusions.
Logic leads to the dams themselves.
Logic makes art of science, and science of art.
Logic makes senses.
Logic means consistent relationships.
Logic means nothing.
Logic needs further improvements to handle common sense properly, but no one knows what they are.
Logic needs to be sharp and network skills are important.
Logic needs to prevail.
Logic offers a thousand excuses.
Logic offers no other reason to spend so much money on such unconscionable idiocy.
Logic only leads to thesis.
Logic only operates within an agreed model.
Logic permits inductive inferences on the condition that they are viewed as mere surmises.
Logic plays a key role in discussion.
Logic plays an important role, too.
Logic plays little or no role in revelation or truth.
Logic precludes the conception of coercing people to make positive uses of their negative freedoms.
Logic presents a guiding influence on the methodology and design of computing systems.
Logic prevails that wastewater recharges the groundwater after being processed by the septic tank.
Logic prevents any such happy conclusions.
Logic proceeds one step after another.
Logic provides foundations for mathematics and is the bedrock of rationality.
Logic provides specific techniques for understanding and evaluating reasoning.
Logic provides temporary dial-up accounts for the business traveler.
Logic refers to the order and unity of the mode in which it is embodied and thus regulates.
Logic remains the only tool which can be used in theoretical classroom discussion.
Logic requires attribution.
Logic runs amuck as officials tout a multitude of possible harmful effects on youth who home school.
Logic runs behind the dogs, armed with the sword 'syllogismus'.
Logic seems to be on the orthodox side.
Logic serves as a predator in the meme community.
Logic serves as a tool or medium for inventing and arranging scientific issues or arguments.
Logic simply is the use of reason to support a thesis.
Logic solves problems.
Logic still applies.
Logic studies the differences between valid and invalid reasoning.
Logic studies the rules of correct inference.
Logic suggests otherwise.
Logic suggests that a larger population market has more capacity to generate votes.
Logic suggests that a variation in language signi fies a variation in meaning.
Logic suggests that is highly unlikely.
Logic suggests that it is time to consider alternative structures.
Logic suggests that the issues be separated and addressed in progressive sequence.
Logic suggests that there is a lot of sense in leaving the water completely.
Logic supports that contention.
Logic takes extra effort.
Logic takes over.
Logic teaches one how to reason rightly so as to gain knowledge.
Logic teaches standards for how to discern good reasoning from bad reasoning.
Logic teaches the critical function of referent as well as proper ways of thinking.
Logic tells reasonable people that crushing, burning, and dismemberment are excruciatingly painful.
Logic tests to catch manual data entry errors.
Logic touches on many aspects of computing.
Logic triumphs again.
Logic uses operators to combine combinations of trues' and falses'.
Logic wins out, and the three choose to help.
Logic works best when applied in the early spring after the ants have begun to forage.
Logics fall into three groups, free logics, foundation systems, and intermediate systems.
All logic entails decision making and choices.
All logic is cast out.
All logic is gone with the wind.
All logic is gone.
All logic is necessary inference-science.
All logic needs a metaphisics.
All logics lead either to vicious circles or infinite regresses.
More logic is needed to reverse the main sorting stage, however.
Most logic involves rules.
Most logic leads to conclusions.
Most logic leads to faulty conclusions.
Most logic makes senses.
Most logic requires attribution.
Most logic solves problems.
Some logic applies to economics.
Some logic suggests resources.
Logical absolutes exist.
Logical access is the ability to read or manipulate data through remote access.
Logical analysis establishes new law.
Logical analysis is their stock in trade.
Logical ANDs are easier to do in hardware than XORs.
Logical appeals involve practical, rational matters like safety, security, economy.
Logical appeals rely on evidence, such as research data or examples.
Logical appeals use examples .
A logical argument is reasoning
Logical argument is a means of determining the truth or falsity of a purported conclusion.
Logical argument is what destroys poetry because poetry is beyond logic.
Logical arguments appeal mainly to the intellect, the mind.
Logical arguments are the most basic type of persuasion.
Logical arguments are thinking.
Logical arguments are useless against an emotional message specifically tailored for a biased media.
Logical arguments employ a reasoned movement from the thesis to evidence to conclusion.
Logical argumentation is a difficult process.
Logical argumentation is the hallmark of philosophy.
Logical arrangement makes it easy to plan and execute each exercise.
Logical assumptions have to be made from time to time.
Logical bugs are bugs that disturb the intended logic.
Logical calculuses differ according as they concentrate on different kinds of valid argument forms.
Logical categories fall away, and opposites unite.
Logical clocks are sequence counters maintained by each site, used to order messages.
Logical clocks take monotonically increasing values.
Logical consequences are consequences that follow when there are no clear natural consequences.
Logical consequences are effective because they teach children to be responsible.
Logical consequences are the scarecrows of fools and the beacons of wise men.
Logical consequences follow.
Logical consequences happen when a parent helps the child correct the behavior.
Logical consequences have a more lasting effect than punitive consequences.
Logical consequences help avoid power struggles between the child and parent.
Logical consequences involve an intervention by someone else.
Logical consequences occur naturally as a result of children's actions.
Logical consequences require that the parent impose a consequence for a given behavior.
Logical consequences teach cause and effect and can be used as a positive reinforcer.
Logical consistency has nothing to do with it.
Logical consistency is a cornerstone of any acceptable theory.
Logical consistency is a very weak requirement.
Logical consistency report The fidelity of the relationships in the data set and the tests used.
Logical constants express conditions about the world and are either true or false.
Logical constraints are valuable in guiding behavior.
Logical constraints use reasoning to determine the alternatives.
Logical correctness is enforced and derived from module dependencies.
Logical data is the way the data appears to the user.
Logical design is reviewed and implementation issues are addressed.
Logical designs convert conceptual designs to an information processing point of view.
Logical designs use analyses.
Most logical designs use analyses.
Logical development is a key ingredient in effective teaching.
Logical disks have application queuing and are probably performing poorly.
Logical disks provide a certain amount of space to store data.
Logical drives are simply partitions within existing extended partitions.
Logical drives can be either local or network drives.
All logical drives contain a boot sector.
Logical elements allow two elements to be combined for more complex comparisons.
Logical error is defined as a disconformity of the mind to the thing.
Logical errors are errors in the structure of the user data and control data on the disc.
Logical explanations exist for any and every point raised by the media.
Logical explanations explain mysteries.
Most logical explanations explain mysteries.
Logical expressions can be numeric.
Logical Expressions Let's review logical expressions first.
Logical fallacies are errors made in reasoning.
Logical fallacies are everywhere in our society.
Logical fallacies can be accidental slips in logic or can be methods for deceiving the audience.
Logical fallacy is a false belief
Logical fallacy is fallacy.
Logical fields can only ever take one of two values.
Logical firewalls deal with internal intrusion.
Logical form has a meaning.
Logical formats are automatically determined and selected.
Logical framework presents the logical properties of the system.
Logical functions have a lot of uses.
Logical induction suggests that it is much more costly to use cat meat.
Logical inference is a new problem arising from logic programming environments.
Logical instruction needs to be used.
Logical instructions are for bit manipulation of the registers specified.
Logical knowledge includes mathematics, which is reducible to formal logic.
Logical layout makes HTML documents portable.
Logical links carry the same idea from sentence to sentence.
Logical malleability assures the enormous application of computer technology.
Logical memory is broken into blocks of the same size called pages.
Logical motives suffer when the people in suits theory rears it's head.
Logical names are case-sensitive.
Logical names are quite powerful, and can be used for many purposes.
Logical names are unaffected by which drive a data file is on.
Logical navigation is also high on the list.
A logical operation is an operation
Logical operations are generated inline, some addition and subtraction are inline.
Logical operations are operations.
Logical operations are the heart of the raw pBible command interface.
Logical operations provide a means of manipulating individual bits, or fields of bits within a word.
Logical operators are quite similar in usage to comparison operators.
Logical operators are very useful for if statements.
Logical operators connect formulas.
Logical operators define the logical relationships among the terms being searched.
Logical operators describe relationships among terms.
Logical operators result in boolean results that are dinamically combined with other expressions.
Logical operators show logical relationships between keywords.
All logical operators are available.
All logical operators have the same precedence.
Many logical operators come straight out of relational algebra.
Logical order becomes significant when scripts that run in different directions are mixed.
Logical order is the order in which characters and words are read and written.
Logical organization can mean the difference between confusion and clarity.
Logical organization follows the research process.
Logical organization is crucial, as is concise presentation.
Logical organization is essential.
Logical organization is key.
Logical organization is stressed .
Logical organization is stressed.
Logical pages are cheaper to produce, simply since people always type Hebrew text logically.
Logical path is defined to be an ordered sequence of operators.
Logical patterns are invaluable, but they are flat.
Logical people can make up their own minds.
Logical persuasion is generally the best negotiating tactic.
Most logical place is in business school.
Logical pointers Explain the purpose of logical pointers.
Logical ports terminate trails and cross-connections.
Logical positivism is empiricism
Logical positivism is the most recent strain of logicism in philosophy.
A logical positivist is a positivist
Logical positivists argue that moral questions are nonsense.
Logical printers represent input queues of the print server.
Logical proof is based on common sense and common knowledge.
Logical proof is of no avail in evangelism.
Logical proof is proof
Logical protocols control how information is packaged and addressed for use by applications.
Logical records can span blocks, as can the line end sequence.
Logical records can span blocks, as can the separator string.
Logical relevance is itself a vague and ambiguous notion.
Logical rules are only usable on concepts that are fairly well defined.
Logical security refers to specific software systems and automated controls.
Logical sentences are analogous to complex sentences in natural language.
Logical skills are especially beneficial in conceptual professions like accounting and law.
Logical solutions present themselves.
Logical structures are often intricate and hard to hold in our minds all at once.
All logical tags have code which begin and end the tag.
Logical terms involve the if and cond operators.
Logical Things gives everyone, large and small the same attention to detail.
Logical thought is essential to our language.
Logical thought is the way to discovering truth.
Logical thought uses reason when thinking .
Logical thought uses reason when thinking.
All logical thought goes on in the form of statements and statements about statements.
All logical thought goes on in the form of statements, and statements about statements.
A logical topology is a network topology
Logical topologies are topologies.
Logical topology is a ring, the token circulates around the ring.
Logical topology is the method used to pass the information between workstations.
Logical topology refers to the paths that messages take to get from one node to another.
Logical truth is exclusionary.
Logical truths are necessarily true, factual truths are contingently true.
Logical truths exist as real, but ideal structures, and are available for observation in experience.
Logical units are electronic entities connected by sessions.
Logical units represent end users.
Logical validity reflects winning strategies in argumentation.
Logical values are either True or False .
Logical values are true and false .
Logical values come later.
Logical variables add a new dimension to unification.
Logical views are active mailbox filters which are always kept up to date.
Logical volumes are expandable and can span several physical volumes in a volume group.
All logical volumes have a volume directory as the first file.
A logician is an expert
Logicians are experts.
Logicians are interested in inclusive disjunctions.
Logicians are more set upon concluding rightly, than on right conclusions.
Logicians are people.
Logicians call it a complex question.
Logicians call it the argument from ignorance.
Logicians do it by choice.
Logicians do it consistently and completely.
Logicians do it incompletely or inconsistently.
Logicians do it necessarily and sufficiently.
Logicians do it with Jensen's device.
Logicians fog up the other person's mind.
Logicians have but ill defined As rational the human kind.
Logicians point out the impossibility of constructing perfectly logically consistent arguments.
Logicians speak natural languages pretty well too.
Logicians use a trick to encourage falsification.
Logicians use the term model but for something quite different.
All logicians are clowns.
All logicians are philosophers.
All logicians are rational creatures.
Some logicians suggest hitting the person with a stick.
A logicism is a philosophical theory
Logicism is the idea of reducing all of mathematics to logic.
Logistic curves show similarity.
Most logistic curves show similarity.
Logistic equations describe growth.
Logistic equations describe logistic growth.
Logistic equations describe logistic population growth.
Logistic equations describe population growth.
Most logistic equations describe growth.
Most logistic equations describe logistic growth.
Most logistic equations describe logistic population growth.
Most logistic equations describe population growth.
Logistic errors are the worst kind.
Logistic escalation is an alternative description of emergence.
Logistic growth is ageneral model in that the basic pattern fits many species fairly well.
Logistic growth occurs when all resources are present in vast excess.
Logistic growth turns out to be a good general model of population growth.
Logistic leader works on travel plans.
Logistic organizations provide support and assistance to sustain forces.
Logistic problems remain, though.
Logistic regression answers the same questions as discriminant analysis.
Logistic Regression Conduct an all-inclusive logistic regression analysis.
Logistic regression does assume a binomial distribution for the errors.
Logistic regression is a commonly used statistical analysis for predicting dichotomous outcomes.
Logistic regression is a nonlinear form of regression.
Logistic regression is a special case of generalized linear models.
Logistic regression is employed to test hypotheses in the second stage.
Logistic regression is used to illustrate and to assess the performance of the proposed method.
Logistic regression is used when the dependent variable is binary or dichotomous.
Logistic support is an important part of a war.
Logistic support is one such example.
Logistic support is support
Logistic systems ensure the shortest possible turntimes.
Logistical challenges can come up because of different holidays worldwide.
Logistical constraints continue to hamper the relief effort.
Logistical functions are activities related to transporting, storing, and sorting products.
Logistical issues regarding attorney efficiency are also of concern.
Logistical methods depend on the size of the class.
Logistical problems remain a major constraint to the country's export activities.
Logistical processes are also to be improved.
Logistical support is focused on continuous and near-simultaneous operations.
Logistical support is provided by several technically-trained persons.
Logistical support is provided throughout the district.
A logistician is an expert
Logisticians understand the significant combat multiplier generated by clean, dry clothes.
Logistics management can suddenly and dramatically tilt the balance of competition.
Logistics management encompasses the right people and things at the right time and place.
Logit analysis is regression of a series of independent variables on a binary dependent variable.
Logit regression is a hierarchical dichotomous technique based on intensive succession computations.
Some logit results are robust with respect to survey type.
Logitech company profile all products product est.
A logjam is a stop
Logjams create very hazardous situations for inexperienced or untrained river users.
Logjams inhibit drainage and cause streambank erosion.
Logline listings are separate and additional to the web site placements.
Logo design can use one, two, three or four-color.
Logo designs are also available.
Logo designs can include up to six colors.
Logo fonts provide all of the same advantages of signature fonts.
Logo Island is almost ready.
Logo People remember visual impressions.
Logo signs advertise gas, food, camping, and lodging at nearby highway exits.
Logo signs are very effective in directing travelers to roadside businesses.
Logo signs work.
A logo is a trademark
Logo acts as link to a unique search engine.
Logo also teaches kids to manipulate basic mathematical concepts like polygons and angles.
Logo appars as white on a green background, or green reversed out of a white boarder.
Logo appears better than drill and practice CAI for social and cognitive growth.
Logo comes up at the left.
Logo consists of the crescent and letters.
Logo contest and help wanted.
Logo continues to satisfy the claim that it has no threshold and no ceiling.
Logo design online.
Logo designs very from business to business.
Logo designs with high impact.
Logo edit for the login page now works properly.
Logo highlights six focus areas.
Logo is available in electronic form and on camera-ready stat sheets.
Logo is client's art, revised in style.
Logo Is Embroidered.
Logo is even greater.
Logo is laser engraved on the cap and a gift box is included.
Logo is on both the front and the back of tee.
Logo is quite small for the design, the advertisment is bigger than the logo.
Logo is silk screened in white except on white shirt where it is purple.
Logo is silk screened on the top of the bag.
Logo is still there.
Logo is user-friendly and is designed both for children and adults.
Logo is usually an interpreted language .
Logo is usually an interpreted language.
Logo isa symbol.
Logo needs work.
Logo places a small raster image in a user-defined location.
Logo positions itself in the top right corner within parent dockbar.
Logo prints ship two business days after receipt of acceptable camera - ready artwork.
Logo provides an environment where students assume the role of teacher.
Logo provides an example of a general feature of constructivist approaches to education.
Logo provides the random procedure to generate a random number.
Logo provides the repeat command.
Logo provides the strength, durability and finish needed for most gang forming applications.
Logo reads correctly on the front, mirror image on the back.
Logo sheets with the proper typeface are also available.
Logo voltaremos a ativa.
Logo watches and clocks.
Logo watches for every budget.
Logo wear at terrific prices.
Logo wear available for purchase.
Logo wear like hats, T-shirts, sports bags, bottles and mugs is popular.
Logos add distinction.
Logos also appear on product detail pages.
Logos also deals with avoiding fallacies in reasoning.
Logos also encourages multidisciplinary study.
Logos also look more professional than HTML text.
Logos also offers puzzles, games, gifts, cards and specialty compact discs and tapes.
Logos appearing here are for illustrative purposes only.
Logos are a proposed industry standard to be printed on all produce boxes.
Logos are acceptable.
Logos are all over the web world.
Logos are also available for download.
Logos are also available in an electronic file.
Logos are also available.
Logos are also embroidered on the front and sleeves.
Logos are an integral part of an association's image.
Logos are attractive.
Logos are available for distribution using passwords.
Logos are available for download.
Logos are available for downloading via the links below.
Logos are available here .
Logos are available in a variety of sizes and styles.
Logos are available in seven different formats and six different languages.
Logos are available online .
Logos are available upon request.
Logos are cool, too.
Logos are copyrights of the respective companies.
Logos are custom signs that are flown with a letter banner attached to the trailing edge.
Logos are discretely embroidered.
Logos are either an embroidered patch or tackle twill.
Logos are emblems.
Logos are embroidered for durability.
Logos are embroidered on left front chest and left upper arm.
Logos are embroidered on the seats, floor mats and the trunk mat.
Logos are embroidered.
Logos are for homepages, businesses, etc.
Logos are great in personalizing a web page.
Logos are great.
Logos are hot linked to sponsor web sites.
Logos are hotlinks to their reviews or web sites.
Logos are in gif format.
Logos are in tiff and eps format.
Logos are jpg files .
Logos are links to other sites.
Logos are logic.
Logos are more than great design projects.
Logos are one of the most important tools for company recognition.
Logos are particularly important to our work together.
Logos are programming language.
Logos are property of each respective school.
Logos are property of respective owners.
Logos are property of their respective owners and are used with permission.
Logos are readable on both the bikes and their rider's leathers.
Logos are reflective for night safety.
Logos are registered trademarks of their respective companies.
Logos are sacred, untouchable icons in corporate culture.
Logos are so difficult to price because a good one looks like it's so easy to achieve.
Logos are so important to businesses that their use is protected by law.
Logos are subject to fashion.
Logos are the copyrighted properties of their respective companies.
Logos are the most effective way to ensure that users know where they are.
Logos are the property of individual clients.
Logos are the property of the respective businesses.
Logos are the property of their respective businesses.
Logos are the property of their respective owners and are used for illustrative purposes only.
Logos are the property of their respective owners.
Logos are to graphic design as poems are to literature.
Logos are trademarks of their respective companies.
Logos are Trademarks of their respective companies.
Logos are trademarks of their respective owners.
Logos are trademarks.
Logos are tricky.
Logos are white with transparent backgrounds.
Logos belong to a theme.
Logos Below are some different size AFMS logos that can be downloaded.
Logos can also appear side by side on the back panel of a brochure.
Logos can also be historical hybrids.
Logos can also be put on the stamp, please send a clear black and white of any artwork.
Logos can be corporate, amusing or rude.
Logos can be enamel filled.
Logos can be symbols or lettering or combinations of both.
Logos can go in two directions.
Logos can include graphic elements, type or both.
Logos can mean word, verb, law, fundamental principle, energy, and so forth.
Logos can simply be text presented to convey a company's image.
Logos comes from above, vertically.
Logos comes vertically to the realm of creation.
Logos cost a lot of money to have designed.
Logos cost extra.
Logos cover almost every inch of the drivers' suits.
Logos equal five lines.
Logos focus on the abstract content of argument.
Logos give brand name recognition and add visual appeal to any document or web page.
Logos give only an average picture.
Logos graphically symbolize an organization, company, publication, product, or service.
Logos have their varying uses, whether to mark territory, advertise a clan, or just to show off.
Logos have two colors.
Logos Here are our standard logos.
Logos incorporate marijuana leaves in two striking designs.
Logos indicate which titles are available.
Logos link to their websites.
Logos Live via SMS .
Logos Look at Logos Logos are sensitive creatures.
Logos means word and the prefix eu means good .
Logos provide ways for people to understand brands, and they evoke deep brand meanings.
Logos received by fax are unsuitable for display on the web site.
Logos require a special quote as do multiple colors.
Logos require a special quote.
Logos resolve two facts of life.
Logos sent in vector formats are preferred.
Logos shown above are properties of the respective sponsoring companies they represent.
Logos shown below are high resolution, digital artwork, suitable for printing.
Logos start with an L and have four numbers.
Logos take only a few days longer.
Logos too is a translation site where all European languages can be found.
Logos used are the property of their respective owners.
All logo is on it also.
All logos above are properties of their respective owners.
All logos are also trademarks of the respective corporations.
All logos are copyrighted materials of their respective owners.
All logos are embroidered for quality and appearance.
All logos are from individual companies.
All Logos are from The Sports Logo Arena .
All logos are in .tif format which is compatible with most word processors.
All logos are in the public domain.
All logos are properties of their respective owners.
All logos are properties of their respective teams and owners.
All logos are property of respective owners and are used with express permission of same.
All logos are property of the respected owners.
All logos are property of the respective teams.
All logos are property of their respective organizations.
All logos are property of their respective owners.
All Logos are property of their respective owners.
All logos are property of their respective teams.
All logos are registered trade mark of their respective companies.
All logos are registered trademarks and the property of their respective owners.
All logos are registered trademarks of the associated team or company.
All logos are registered trademarks of the respective organizations.
All logos are registered trademarks of the Sioux Falls Stampede.
All logos are registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All Logos are registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All logos are registered trademarks of their respective entities.
All logos are registered trademarks of their respective manufacturers.
All Logos are registered trademarks of their respective manufacturers.
All logos are registered trademarks of their respective network.
All logos are registered trademarks or service marks of their respective holders.
All logos are registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective companies.
All logos are registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective owners.
All logos are registered trademarks to their respective conpanies.
All logos are self-executing zip files .
All LOGOs are the intellectual property of their respective organizations.
All logos are the property of the individual linked websites.
All logos are the property of the respective corporations.
All logos are the property of the respective organization.
All logos are the property of their respected organizations.
All logos are the property of their respective businesses.
All logos are the property of their respective companies.
All Logos are the property of their respective companies.
All logos are the property of their respective corporations.
All Logos are the property of their respective organizations.
All logos are the property of their respective owners.
All logos are the property of their respective web sites.
All logos are the registered trademarks of named company.
All logos are the registered, trademarked, or copyrighted property of their respective holders.
All logos are the sole property of the company they represent.
All logos are the sole property of their respective owners.
All logos are the trademarks of respected companies.
All logos are the trademarks of their respective owners.
All logos are trademarkes of their respective owners.
All Logos are trademarks of the registered owners.
All logos are trademarks of the respective companies.
All logos are trademarks of their owners and are reproduced with permission.
All logos are trademarks of their respected companies.
All logos are trademarks of their respective companies.
All logos are trademarks of their respective franchises.
All logos are trademarks of their respective owners.
All logos are Trademarks of their respective owners.
All Logos are trademarks of there respective companies.
All logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
All logos are trademarks.
All logos are vector formats.
All Logos belong to respective owners.
All logos belong to their respective companies.
All logos have a transparent background .
All logos remain the property of their respective owners.
All logos represented are properties of their respective owners.
All logos used are property of the respective institutions, firms or organizations.
All logos used are the property of the studios concerned.
All logos used on the page are the property of their associated school.
Many logos are .jpg images.
More logos are available on goret.org.
More logos are soon to come.
More logos Here is some more logos that users have made for Aeiwi.
Most logos are quite large so prepare for bigger download times.
Most logos are very simple drawings with only a small number of colors .
Most logos are very simple drawings with only a small number of colors.
Some logos are also available in other languages.
Some logos are FREE with a minimum purchase of t-shirts.
Some logos are only black and white .
Some logos are only black and white.
Logo'd merchandise is one of the most economical, repetitive and enjoyable ways to promote.
Logo'd shirts are an easy way to make the work atmosphere fun.
LogP values are also important in separation technics and the prediction of the solubility of drugs.
Logtalk protocols are compilations units, at the same level as objects and categories.
A loin is a body part
Loins are artifacts.
Loins are body parts.
Loins are broad and muscular as the thighs.
Loins are cuts.
Loins are lond, broad and as well filled as possible.
Loins are part of homos.
Loins are part of quadrupeds.
Loins are part of torsos.
Loins are strong with a good distance between last rib and hip.
Loins are strong, short and slightly arched.
Loins are taut and slender.
Loins are tight and pulled in to be noticeably narrower than the chest with a tuck.
Loins are versatile, flavorful and tender and can be roasted, broiled or grilled.
Loins mean the energizing source that brings new life into being.
Many LOIS projects are ongoing.
Loisc t do ghual is n dhearna t do ghoradh.
A loiterer is an idler
Many loiterers are first-timers or naturist wannabes, amazed or stunned at what they're seeing.
A lollipop is frozen dessert
Lollipop isa candy.
Lollipops are candy.
Lollipops are food.
Lollipops lumber out of the blue tuneful torture for the whole dark crew.
Lollipops make great balloons.
All Lollipops are handmade with hardwood.
Every lollipop has a predetermined destination.
Some lollipops contain fillings , such as bubble gum or soft candy .
Some lollipops contain fillings, such as bubble gum or soft candy.
A lolly is money
Lolly isa money.
Lollies always work wonders with multiplication and division.
Lomilomi practitioners undertake training to develop and enhance their technique and skills.
Lomilomi practitioners use oils in their healing.
Lomilomi salmon is fish that has been rubbed with onions and herbs.
Lomotary organs are absent.
A lomustine is a cancer drug
Lomustine interferes with the growth of cancer cells, which are eventually destroyed.
Lone buildings are also primary targets.
Lone genius tends to make better copy, especially when it is spiced with smouldering resentment.
Lone leper gives thanks.
Lone male approaches a male minor in the locker room.
Lone marksman ripens for a change.
Every lone nut has a doppleganger.
Lone pairs demand greater angular room, and are located closer to their atoms than bond pairs.
Lone parents are generally better off in work than they can ever be on benefit.
Lone parents are more likely to experience housing stress than couples with dependent children.
Lone parents face challenges at home and in the workplace.
Lone parents have a different set of issues to grapple with.
Many lone parents are unable to take up paid work because of lack of childcare facilities.
Lone Rock is a small, rural elementary school in the Bitterroot Valley of western Montana.
Lone Star opens today.
Many lone trainers are new to training or have been used to functioning as part of larger staffs.
A lone wolf is an individualist
Lone wolves are thought to account for only about fifteen percent of the entire wolf population.
Most lone wolves die within a year or two after being outcast.
Lone workers are generally postgraduates or final year undergraduate students.
A loneliness is isolation
Loneliness can be a big factor in depression and fearful thinking.
Loneliness can be a great thing.
Loneliness can be a painful feeling.
Loneliness can be a particular problem for older adults.
Loneliness can be a problem.
Loneliness can be a real problem for many new mothers.
Loneliness can be a terrible thing.
Loneliness can be a very passive state.
Loneliness can be at the root of many illnesses.
Loneliness can be overwhelming for widowed persons.
Loneliness can be stressful.
Loneliness can be the biggest obstacle in a new environment.
Loneliness can be traumatic.
Loneliness can be worse than hunger during the holidays.
Loneliness causes stress.
Loneliness comes from emptiness caused by an absence.
Loneliness comes with loving.
Loneliness consumes all the space it can find, eating voraciously into every thought.
Loneliness contributes to children s depression and negative peer experiences.
Loneliness diminishes when love is received.
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
Loneliness expresses the uncomfortable feelings, the longing for society, of one who is alone.
Loneliness isa isolation.
Loneliness leads husbands and wives to look for romance outside their marriage.
Loneliness leads to bitterness.
Loneliness leads to depression, which leads to self-neglect.
Loneliness leads to poor judgment, bad decisions and a depressed state of mind.
Loneliness leads to remarriage.
Loneliness looks like a girl with no one to play with.
Loneliness motivates others, especially if they can no longer drive.
Loneliness passes and healing and love fill our hearts.
Loneliness plays itself out in so many ways throughout the play.
Loneliness recurs as a theme throughout the monster's existence.
Loneliness sets in like a blanket of dark clouds.
Loneliness sets in, frustration mounts, and anger deepens.
Loneliness settles in.
Loneliness tastes like leftover apricots.
Lonelinesses are emotion.
Lonelinesses are isolation.
Lonelinesses are made of emotion.
Lonely child go back home, cross the deserts where buffalo roamed.
Lonely child steals a cricket and ends up being included in the group.
Lonely children develop friends.
Lonely clouds find friends.
Lonely computers make un-productive small businesses.
Lonely feelings are natural.
Some lonely fish swim in the stream too.
Lonely freighters loll about beyond the breakers waiting in turn to offload bulk cargoes.
Lonely girls thinking about bondage story, bondage story don t have to do bondage girls galery.
Lonely girls thinking about nude teens didn t go into sex teen free pic that teen sex samples.
Lonely hearts can find fellowship.
Lonely hearts sink.
Lonely houses stand on hills.
Lonely inmates are often eager to discuss religion or to engage a romantic pen pal.
Lonely kids are often targets.
Lonely Kings Click here to continue.
Lonely man is free.
Lonely man is profound.
Lonely men do stupid things.
Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely men seek temporary comfort.
Lonely people are often self-centred and think only of themselves.
Lonely people can go elsewhere.
Lonely people go steady with inflatable holograms.
Lonely people perceive their world as less reinforcing and more threatening.
Lonely people tend to blame both themselves and others for their unhappiness.
Lonely people wish they had friends but are busy when someone calls.
All lonely people are prone to exploitation by others.
Lonely place is an abode of ghosts.
Lonely Planet Gives more general, tourist information for each country.
Lonely planets guide to China.
Lonely preacher requires congregation.
Lonely pups are heart-broken pups.
Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea, to the open arms of the sea.
Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea, To the open arms of the sea.
Lonely rivers flow To the sea, to the sea, To the open arms of the sea.
Lonely rivers flow To the sea, To the sea, To the open arms of the sea.
Lonely rivers flow to the sea, to the sea.
Lonely rivers flow, to the sea, to the sea, To the open arms, of the sea.
Lonely singles find curing loneliness is like climbing a ladder.
Some lonely students go there to meet others, or to volunteer to do various jobs for the monks.
Lonely voices come from busy people, too disturbed to stop a little while.
Lonely webmaster seeks nymphomaniac with own IP address and digital camera.
Lonely women are more prone to many health problems.
Lonely women sit at home and wait.
Some lonely women sit in bars.
A loner is an individualist
Loners are individualists.
Loners are more vulnerable to distressing conditions.
Loners are much more vulnerable.
Loners are vulnerable and without support in a new and scary environment.
Loners like to stay to themselves and are more prone to depression.
Loners peak through crushed curtains as the sun sinks through amber clouds.
Loners wander a social and biological netherworld in the unclaimed margins between territories.
Lonesome Trailers Welcome to The Lonesome Trailers' Website.
Long account takes up most of the issue, but only part of it is on the rape.
Long afflictions try our patience and often tire it.
Long ages are the common wish of all compromisers.
Long ages is an evolutionary necessity.
Long ailments wear out pain, and long hopes, joy.
Long antennae are organs for touch, taste, and smell.
Long antennae stick out like whips from their tiny heads.
Long anvil extends out to the southeast.
Long aprons hang front and back from the waist.
Long arms can swat away passes at the line of scrimmage and block kicks on special teams.
Long article examines auctions as way to allocate spectrum.
Long articles are definitely welcome, so long as they remain focused and interesting.
Most long articles begin with a detailed table of contents.
Long attachments clog the e-mail system and take a long time to download.
Long augers are real flexible, low maintenance, little hassle.
Long axis is oriented along the skin lines.
Long axis is parallel to the horizon.
Long axis is twice the short axis.
Long ball is inconsistent.
Long ball lifts Hatters to win over Wildcats .
Long baselines are created with stations in Germany, France, the UK and Sweden.
Long baselines permit high resolutions, and therefore reveal smaller scale structures.
Long Bay boasts one of Vietnam s most impressive scenic sights.
Long Bay is more than a lovely resort in a beautiful setting.
Long Bay is rugged, but wonderful.
Long Bay offers a variety of lodging options.
Long Beach are practice oriented programs that develop well trained professionals.
Long Beach can deliver business or leisure with equal flair and spirit.
Long Beach continues to be a hotbed of exciting mural activity.
Long Beach continues to be a vital city.
Long Beach enjoys a temperate climate that attracts millions of visitors each year.
Long Beach has a committee which presents ideas to the council.
Long Beach has a particularly eclectic mix and different musical stylings.
Long Beach has a rather large modern business and commercial center beside a busy seaport harbor.
Long Beach has a variety of homes and houses for sale in every price range.
Long Beach has an amazing array of events throughout the year.
Long Beach has an opportunity to become the technology center of Southern California.
Long Beach has many wonderful accommodations, and two local agencies have quilt retreat specials.
Long Beach has more to offer than can be listed here.
Long Beach has so much noise that a good pattern is essential.
Long Beach has the advantages of a major city along with the beauty of an oceanfront setting.
Long Beach has two piers and public launch facilities.
Long Beach is a beautiful location, right on the Pacific Ocean.
Long Beach is a case study.
Long Beach is a great place to live.
Long Beach is a little more civilized and more populated then in earlier times.
Long Beach is a major industrial port.
Long Beach is a marine oriented city with one of the largest ports in the country.
Long Beach is a regional academy, which means it can provide teachers for local academies.
Long Beach is a safe and fun beach for children of any age.
Long Beach is a ten minutes drive from the beach.
Long Beach is a thriving seaport with a vibrant commercial district and oil wells.
Long Beach is a vastly improved team from the start of the season.
Long Beach is a very good team,yet beatable.
Long Beach is a very kids-oriented district.
Long Beach is also some kind of kiting Mecca.
Long Beach is also the home of Canada's surfing crowd.
Long Beach is an American happening.
Long Beach is approved for attendance by non-immigrant foreign students.
Long Beach is dedicated to the elimination of the use of illicit drugs and alcohol abuse.
Long Beach is in a desperate situation.
Long Beach is just beyond cell phone range.
Long Beach is just one city.
Long Beach is just over the hill, off camera to the right.
Long Beach is located in Harrison County Mississippi.
Long Beach is located in Southern California.
Long Beach is located right on the Pacific Coast within the general Southern California Basin.
Long Beach is on the northwest edge of Orange County.
Long Beach is on the Pacific Coast of southwest Washington, in Pacific County.
Long Beach is on the Pacific Ocean.
Long Beach is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Long Beach is one the cleanest and most beautiful beaches in New England.
Long Beach is Southern California's most important port of call for cruise ships.
Long Beach is the happiest place on Earth, but New Orleans is, well, New Orleans.
Long Beach is the most recent city to pick up the debate.
Long Beach is the nation s busiest container port.
Long Beach Is.
Long Beach leads Fresno by six points in the race for first round home-ice advantage.
Long Beach needs a new or renovated theatre.
Long Beach offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Long Beach offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Long Beach offers several approaches, a restaurant and rental cars.
Long Beach offers something for every taste.
Long Beach plans to develop one of the targeted brownfields sites into a sports park.
Long Beach qualifies as one of the country's most under-rated beaches for swimming and surfing.
Long Beach ranks near the bottom nationwide in per capita spending on books and materials.
Long Beach returns three starter and nine letterwinners from last year's squad.
Long beards adorn their faces and turn gray far sooner than their hair.
Long bike rides through Prospect Park and on to the zoo.
Long bill is somewhat decurved.
Long bills make a wider wobble and shorter bills make a tighter wobble.
Long biography includes bibliographic references.
Long blades are also harder for the birds to eat.
Long blinds cover the doorwall near the eat-in area.
Long blocks are thus more dangerous for pedestrians that shore blocks.
Long bloomers are showoffs for four to six weeks and maybe longer.
Long boards are a different animal.
Long boards are good for big waves and easy surfing.
Long boards are more expensive because they require more material to make.
Long bombs are necessary off the tees.
A long bone is a bone
Long bones are bones.
Long bones are characteristically short and wide.
Long bones are characterized by a shaft, the diaphysis , that is much greater in length than width.
Long bones are generally larger in males than in females within a given population.
Long bones are longer than they are wide and work as levers.
Long bones are longer than they are wide.
Long bones are usually from fast runners, while short bones are usually from slow movers.
Long bones arise primarily through endo chondral ossification.
Long bones connect to each other at joints, which allow limb flexion.
Long bones contain living blood, fat, and bone cells.
Long bones form the internal core of the legs.
Long bones function chiefly as levers and aid in support, locomotion and prehension.
Long bones grow from special growth plates near their ends.
Long bones grow in two main segments.
Some long bones grow cartilages.
Some long books are hard to understand.
Long branches arch out and then down.
Some long branches reduce erosion.
Long breaks encourage wandering away, phone calls, etc.
Long bristles cover their undersides, hang from their legs, and line their wing covers.
Long brows mean longevity in Chinese folklore.
Long bus rides due to adverse flight schedules are common.
Long bus rides on twisty mountain roads can be uncomfortable.
Long bus trips off the main routes can be erratic.
Long cables carry network traffic to and from the servers.
Long cables tend to get in the way.
Long call is every fourth day.
Long call is every fourth night for interns, every sixth for residents.
Long call is every fourth night, and short call is also every fourth.
Long call is every fourth night, with a night float system in place seven days a week.
Long call is every fourth night.
Long call is every sixth night.
Long calls indicate vigilance.
Long calls tie up the phone lines.
Long car trips provide options.
Long car rides with a pancake holster are a bit of a bummer, and a pain.
Long cases are the exception.
Long casts are essential with slow-rolling.
Long casts cover more water.
Long casts give the lure more time in the strike zone.
Long casts help keep the lures dragging across the bottom, where they can do the most good.
Long catalogs listing the names of knights are common in Arthurian literature.
Long chains are thick, like oil and vasoline.
Long chalkboards fill the walls.
Long chords form the basis of the song.
Long claws help cheetahs as they grip the ground as they run.
Long claws mean that rabbits are probably older.
Some long claws help food.
Long climbs are very mental.
Long climbs followed by white-knuckle descents provide for sheer exhilaration.
Long clips take about a minute and a half.
Long coastlines provide opportunity.
Most long coastlines provide opportunity.
Some long coastlines lead to regions.
Long coats are a fault in the show ring.
Long coats are also much harder to groom and maintain.
Long coats are unacceptable.
Long codes are preferable to short memorized passwords.
Long columns have long analysis times and higher cost.
Long commutes are just one obstacle to matching jobs and workers.
Long commutes can hurt families.
Long commutes can separate families.
Long cooking diminishes the flavor.
Long cooking diminishes their flavor, so it's best to add chives to a dish at the last minute.
Long cooking improves both the flavor and the texture of the sauce .
Long cooking improves both the flavor and the texture of the sauce.
Long copy is more digestible if broken up into two or three columns.
Long cord is also very nice.
Long course is the official pool of most international competitions including the Olympics.
Long course meets always take longer to run than short course ones.
All Long course meets in Oregon fill up fast.
Long cracks run for thousands of kilometers over the surface.
Long Creek has a gas station, post office, motel, two cafes, and two small groceries stores.
Long Creek is a perennial stream that serves as the primary water source for Bessemer City.
Long Creek is a tributary branch of Buffalo and empties into that stream on the south side.
Long Creek is adorned with dramatic hills and spectacular views.
Long Creek is located in Grant County Oregon.
Long Creek opens one hour before daylight and closes one hour after sunset.
Long cuffs provide extra protection.
Long cuts are available for longer torsos.
Long cuttings have a greater rooting surface and more food storage than short ones.
Long cycles do, however, reduce opportunities to get pregnant and warrant looking into.
Long cycles means the filtration process is working with fewer interruptions for media changes.
Long days are part of the package.
Long days are particularly common during the clinical years.
Long days equal more sexual desire and more sperm cells produced.
Long days lead into longer nights.
Long days offer extended hours of angling.
Long days pass, then smoke is sighted on the horizon.
Long days promote vine growth while shortening days induce root development.
Long days rouse the old winemaker - to relaxation.
Long definitions display properly.
Long delays appear.
Long delays are annoying and interfere with communication.
Long delays are possible.
Long delays create a dull army and sharp defeats.
Long delays exacerbate a problem known as line echo.
Long delays occur at both levels of government in filling judicial vacancies.
Long demurs breed new delays.
Long descriptions accompany the depiction of events.
Long descriptions are usually very boring.
Long descriptions contain more specific terms than short descriptions.
Long digits are fused throughout the flipper.
Long display includes complete details from records.
Long distance migration takes places.
Long distance calling detail is sent monthly to the department chair.
Long distance calls extra.
Long distance calls to anywhere else in the continental United States are seven cents a minute.
Long distance calls using VoIP fail, or connect at a very low data rate.
Long distance calls within the state.
Long distance calls.
Long distance caregiving is one of the personal consequences.
Long distance coaches A cheaper alternative to train travel.
Long distance gets cheaper and prices reduce almost daily.
Long distance is a call
Long distance is a different challenge here.
Long distance is a huge carrot, a big market where prices are very high.
Long distance is a recording project that has taken several years to reach fruition.
Long distance is an extra charge and very expensive.
Long distance is available Loftable furniture in all rooms Click to view other images.
Long distance is available View of the city in some rooms Click to view other images.
Long distance is available with personal calling card.
Long distance is blocked.
Long distance is calls.
Long distance is covered under the E-rate program.
Long distance is difficult for selling a home.
Long distance is extra and is usually billed to a campus long distance number.
Long distance is hard .
Long distance is included in the home area.
Long distance is limited to credit cards and calling cards.
Long distance is merely a state of mind.
Long distance is okay.
Long distance is such pain, momments of pleasure so brief.
Long distance is the same way.
Long distance moves Everyone knows how to use drag and drop or cut and paste.
Long distance moving walkways are also possible with the installation of multiple drive units.
Long distance requires a calling card.
Long distance running for young children can cause fractures.
Long distance sucks lots.
Long distance travelling becomes a breeze .
Long distance travels is on the cards.
Long distance walks via traditional English country inns.
Long distance walks, short excursions or themed treks.
Long distances are a big problem.
Long distances can make it impractical to travel to reproduce with other members of the species.
Long distances can present special challenges for people with older or disabled family members.
Long distances mean compromising the time spent in the vineyards.
All long distance calls for school related business can be made in the main office.
Some long distance calling plans are beneficial too.
Long division becomes easier, too.
Long division is actually very simple to do.
Long division is division
Long division is division.
Long division is hard.
Long documents take quite a while to prepare.
Some long documents are available only by mail.
Long domes are special order, call for price.
Long dreams indicate the dreamer is good at finding long detours for their problems.
Long dresses are a sophisticated solution.
Long dresses produces long faces.
Long Drive is a hole in one.
Long drives are tedious.
Long drives can reach the water at the dog leg.
Long drives suck ass btw.
All long drivers restrain their wrist release to the very last split second.
Long driveway makes the home tucked in and private.
Long driveway provides privacy from street.
Long driveway provides the privacy.
Long drops can also dent the microphone windscreen or crack the transmitter case.
Long drought has effects.
Most long drought has effects.
Long emails defeat the purpose.
Long essays are a common form of assessment and formal examination papers are often set.
Long essays are common and formal examination papers are often set.
Long essays examine the works of Greek and Roman writers.
Long essays suck.
Long experience helps in terms of deliveries and prices.
Long experiments have priority over short ones at all times.
Long explanations are a waste of time, suffice it to say that life is heavy duty right now.
Long explanations can cause confusion.
Long explanations imply uncertainty and apology, when no apology is needed.
Long exposure can cause nerve, brain and kidney damage.
Long exposure can cause sickness, even death.
Long exposure causes cancer.
Long exposures can be fatal.
Long exposures require guiding.
Long exposures require some kind of guiding, preferrably using some kind of CCD-based guider.
Long exposures reveal faint halo around smaller galaxy resembling streams of ejected material.
Most long exposure causes cancer.
Long eyelashes are dominant and homozygous or heterozygous.
Long fasts give the body the uninterrupted time to do the work of healing.
Long faults are rare and disappear soon.
Long feathers make great moth antennae.
Long feature is probably a narrow down-dropped fault block.
Long fibers are desirable because they produce greater yarn strength, aid in spinning finer yarns.
Long fibers create a stable, yet rough sheet.
Long fibers create strong paper.
Long fibers interlock when installed, giving good resistance to drifting.
Long fibers make strong paper, while short fibers create smooth texture.
Long fiction requires a real focus and dedication.
Long files take a long time to load and read.
Long filenames present no problem.
Long filenames take a real, real long time to type.
Long filler means that the leaves are complete, while short filler means the leaves are chopped up.
Most long films are fine just the way they are in the directors' versions.
Long fingers fend off brush, yet their mesh yields fine breathability.
Long fingers help food.
Most long fingers help food.
Long fingernails provide convenient hiding places for eggs in transit.
Long fingernails signify difficulties with the opposite sex.
Long finish is one of the most seductive and compelling attributes a wine can possess.
Long flap is always on the top.
Long flashes indicate good operation.
Long flight induces numbness of legs and feet.
Long flights can cause jet lag.
Some long flight generates body heat.
Some long flight generates heat.
Long flower stems reach well above the round, blue-green leaves.
Long foam handle with screw down reel seats.
Long forms provide more information and are an actual copy of the original certificate.
Long format contains subject headings and, in some cases, abstracts of the article.
Long format includes the name of the host from which a print request originated in the display.
Long format shows some sentences within each matching entry.
Long formulas are difficult to edit, understand and review.
Long fringe has cultured pearls, a mix of semi-precious stones, beads and glass daggers.
Long games can take a whole weekend.
Long gaps appear between remarks, a major bugaboo for commentary fans.
Long gestation results in unusually precocious offspring.
Long gill slits.
Long goodbyes can make things more difficult.
Long goodbyes give the enemy time to aim.
Long gowns are available in a multitude of styles and materials.
Long gowns are back in as are sequins.
Long grain accounts for almost all of the decline in production.
Long grain describes fibers running parallel to the longest side of a sheet.
Long grain is excellent for use in gumbos, jambalaya and other products.
Long grain is three times as long as it is wide, for instance.
Long grains are computation intensive.
Long grass is one of the most common reasons why snakes are on a property.
Long grass makes a good hiding place for millipedes.
Long grass prevents some weeds.
Long grasses sway the bottom of our boat.
Long guns are still about two weeks away from being ready for sale.
Long guns are weapons designed to be fired from the shoulder.
Long hair appear s to be primarily a custom in urban families.
Long hair becomes matted, difficult to groom.
Long hair can accidentally fall into flames or chemicals.
Long hair can easily blow in a child's face and obstruct vision.
Long hair can make an ordinary man look special, and a good-looking man absolutely devastating.
Long hair covers eyes.
Long hair covers the entire tail giving it a thick and bushy appearance.
Long hair does have special needs.
Long hair does speak.
Long hair encourages infestation.
Long hair growing out with gray roots looks awful.
Long hair grows on the ears, chest, underbody and legs.
Long hair grows on their front from the throat down to the chest.
Long hair is a glory for the woman.
Long hair is a sign of patience if nothing else.
Long hair is a sign of their spirituality and connection with their ancestors.
Long hair is added to the front and rear of the belt.
Long hair is always more attractive than short hair.
Long hair is avoided.
Long hair is back in as evidenced by celebrity hairstyles.
Long hair is considered to be below chin length.
Long hair is controlled and no jewelry is worn during laboratory activities.
Long hair is difficult to clean and dry and wet teats are often milked.
Long hair is difficult to clean and dry, and wet teats are often milked.
Long hair is for teens.
Long hair is great for an elegant French twist.
Long hair is hot, annoying and difficult to look after.
Long hair is kept neatly back, pinned up in a French twist or held in place by a wide headband.
Long hair is left on the sides, legs, over the eyes and beard.
Long hair is on the ears, stomach, chest, backs of the legs and on the tail.
Long hair is one of the sexiest things to use in lovemaking.
Long hair is particularly easy to recognize, but it is also particularly easy to change.
Long hair is sometimes hard to brush.
Long hair is sunnat.
Long hair is the culprit that gathers and holds manure, dirt and mud.
Long hair is the norm for young men.
Long hair is the Scriptural badge of virtuous womanhood.
Long hair is the total antitheziz for anything to do with the zubculture of true zkinheadz.
Long hair is tied at the back.
Long hair is tied up or pulled back.
Long hair is to be pulled up and back securely.
Long hair is to be secured.
Long hair is to be tied back.
Long hair is to be worn in a bun.
Long hair is to be worn in a pony tail or tied back in a bun for exams.
Long hair is worn by earless felons who lost their ears as a punishment of a crime.
Long hair means uncut hair .
Long hair needs to be pulled back with an elastic band.
Long hair overshadows eyes like an umbrella.
Long hair presents a problem in backcountry work.
Long hair takes four and a half hours to be processed.
Long hair takes longer to wash, longer to dry, longer to comb.
Long hair works better in office buildings than on picnics.
Long hairs give it a shaggy appearance.
Long hairs growing between pads and toes also help prevent slippage.
Long hairs growing between pads and toes also help prevent slipping.
Long hairs tend to get dirty and make the dog uncomfortable.
Long halls encourage too much mischief.
Long handle is nice.
Long handles result in a flattened curve, and short ones in a sharper curve.
Long harvest begins just after Titan.
A long haul is a journey
Long hauls are the most prevalent driveaways available.
Long hay grows from the ground.
Long hay stimulates the greatest amount of chewing, rumination, and saliva production.
Long hikes are necessary just to arrive at the base of many of the mountain ranges.
Long hikers do a double transmontane.
Long hikers reach the tower via an unusual routing.
Long hills sweep gently upward.
Long histories have their ups and downs.
Long hitter needs to find more fairways.
Long hitters are no good.
Long hitters beware.
Long hitters can attempt to clear the left hand trees and reach the green.
Long hitters can drive down the slope for short pitch to the green.
Long hitters can drive the green, but there's no margin for error.
Long hitters can drive the green.
Long hitters can even drive their golf balls onto the Big Ear's surface.
Long hitters can get home in two.
Long hitters can hit it over the the hill to a short downhill approach shot.
Long hitters can reach the green in two.
Long hitters can take aim at the left side of the green and leave themselves a pitch and putt.
Long hitters go with a fairway wood off the tee.
Long hitters have a chance to get home in two if their tee shot gets past a large hedge row.
Long hitters have an edge over others but at the end of the day , it is how they arrive .
Long hitters have and advantage here.
Long hitters try to cut off as much as possible off the tee but often wind up wet.
Long hitters watch out for the fairway bunker.
Long horizons make for better development and forward planning.
Long hoses curling over pathways make it hard to move around, too, and are a hazard.
Long hours are a way of life in the film business.
Long hours are common when doing fieldwork.
Long hours are normal and the pace can be hectic at busy times.
Long hours can also increase anxiety, strain and irritability, and hasten family breakdown.
Long hours demonstrate commitment.
Long hours have a way of adding up to long nights.
Long hours lead to fatigue and fatigue can lead to accidents.
Long hours make the role short on pleasure and even waiting can become work.
Long hours result from a strong commitment to the work.
Long icicles hang in the background and the unicycle is covered with snow.
Long inflorescences arch well past the leaves.
Long integers have unlimited precision.
Long interaction can result in attachment and desire for further interactions.
Long intros are tedious and readers tend to give-up on the story.
Long irons are a key.
Long irons are a manly thing, but they also are a killer thing.
Long irons are irons.
Long irons have a lower kick point.
Long Island abounds in scenic beauty, vast white sand beaches, historical sites and even vineyards.
Long Island begins here.
Long Island continues to play a major role in the history and development of high-tech and biotech.
Long Island continues to produce top quality distance runners.
Long Island creates the perfect business atmosphere with a flair for fun.
Long Island deserves better.
Long Island extends due east of New York City.
Long island fishing on the Long island sound is a great place to fish.
Long Island has a high incidence of teenage pregnancy.
Long Island has a mild, four season climate.
Long Island has a number of short courses that fill a necessary niche in the golf community.
Long Island has many well-positioned jetties and fishing piers.
Long Island has no mountains or high, steep hills.
Long Island has one of the highest incidences of breast cancer in the United States.
Long Island has so many different places to go, it's easy to switch things up.
Long Island has so much to offer for both the people who live there and the people who visit.
Long Island has some of the best fishing in the world.
Long Island has the biggest alien zoo and game farm in the United States.
Long Island has the second highest missing child rate in New York State.
Long Island has two shores, a north and a south shore.
Long Island has very large whales, but the most common is the humpback whale.
Long Island is a great place to live and work.
Long Island is a large island in the Atlantic Ocean .
Long Island is a large island in the Atlantic Ocean.
Long Island is a load pocket that's isolated from the mainland.
Long Island is a wonderful place to grow up.
Long Island is a wonderful place to live, work, and play.
Long Island is accessible by boat, but has no docks.
Long Island is another intern-friendly newsroom.
Long island is certainly vulnerable, especially the barrier islands.
Long Island is composed of rubble that the glacier left behind as it melted.
Long island is dotted with small settlements filled with hard working and friendly people.
Long Island is essentially a giant sand bar left behind by a retreating glacier.
Long Island is famous for beautiful beaches.
Long Island is filled with legends, some true, some hard to believe, and others are famous.
Long Island is home to historic churches and romantic ruins, ancient caves and virgin beaches.
Long Island is home to some of the best restaurants and bistros anywhere.
Long Island is in the eastern time zone .
Long Island is in the eastern time zone.
Long Island is in the midst of an economic recovery.
Long Island is located just east of Manhattan on the southeastern tip of New York State.
Long Island is more competitive than it was two years ago.
Long Island is no exception.
Long Island is no laughing matter.
Long Island is nothing like Manhattan, well at least some parts.
Long Island is one of the Districts of the Bahamas .
Long Island is one of the Districts of the Bahamas.
Long Island is one of the prettiest Whitsunday gems.
Long Island is open to woodcock and crow hunting.
Long Island is probably the most significant identifiable area.
Long Island is proud to be one of our country's premier cradles of innovation.
Long Island is readily accessible.
Long Island is so much more than shopping malls, concrete highways, and crowded towns and beaches.
Long Island is so relaxed.
Long Island is special because the water is so close.
Long Island is still fairly male-dominated.
Long Island is surrounded by water.
Long Island is the home of high-speed slalom driving thanks to potholes.
Long Island is the place where there is a small but outspoken hate movement against immigrants.
Long Island is very suburban.
Long Island is washed under.
Long Island is, essentially, a pile of sand and rock left behind by a series of glaciers.
Long Island lakes, ponds and streams typically provide excellent early season trout angling.
Long Island looks beautiful from the windows of the train.
Long Island needs to work on it.
Long Island offers beautiful white sand beaches and a cozy, home atmosphere.
Long Island offers miles of sand, shore and surf.
Long Island provides a unique natural laboratory for performing such studies.
Long Island take a few minutes to discover all there is to know.
Long Island trails off in the distance.
Long Island trails off into the distance.
Long islands are islands.
Long items go on sides.
Long jeans are probably better than shorts.
Long jobs starve, requires oracular knowledge, users lie like rugs.
Long journey is on horizon, brush up on language.
Long journeys are favourable.
Long journeys are likely to be undertaken.
Long journeys are now easier as extra fuel storage and other supplies can be easily hidden away.
Long journeys are proportionately cheaper than short journeys.
Long journeys are very stressful and contribute to disease.
Long journeys begin with first steps.
Long journeys can begin with little steps.
Every long journey begins with a first step.
Every long journey begins with a small step.
Every long journey begins with the first step.
Every long journey starts with one step.
Long keels give protection to the underwater gear, while the shoal draft makes gunkholing practical.
Long knives are actually easier to use than smaller ones because there's more blade to do the work.
Long knives decorated with spirals and bird motifs are also a highlight.
Long ladders create vertical access.
Long Lake has a nice sandy bottom and is a wonderful swimming lake.
Long Lake has it all.
Long Lake is a lake for all seasons and many resorts offer fall and winter accommodations.
Long Lake is a recreational development lake.
Long Lake is nestled in one of the most beautiful and relatively undeveloped areas in Wisconsin.
Long Lake is noted for a number of superior guides of the kind called independent.
Long Lake is warm, shallow and clean, ideal for swimming.
Long Lake is well known for it's fishing, water sports and pleasant vacation stays.
Long Lake offers wonderful days of swimming, boating, hiking, and fishing.
Long languages make short programs.
Long lashes help avert blowing debris from the eyes.
Long lashes protect against blowing sand.
Long latencies are helpful in distinguishing physical tiredness or fatigue from true sleepiness.
Long layoffs are almost always a bad sign.
Long leaders combined with heavy wire hooks usually reach the strike zone without additional weight.
Long leaves produce long fibers.
Long leases are favourable.
Long leashes are for riding big waves and short leashes are for smaller waves.
Long lectures are overwhelming and confusing.
Long legs allow herons to wade into lakes and ponds in search of food.
Long legs are also useful for walking into ponds to feed upon aquatic vegetation.
Long legs are long levers.
Long legs are the producers of quick struts.
Long legs are used for both digging and running.
Long legs keep bodies further from the hot ground to reduce overheating.
Long legs let flamingos wade into deeper water than most other birds to look for food.
Long legs make it look alive and kicking.
Long legs make moose good water foragers.
Long legs may have few spots.
Long legs may have spots.
Some long legs have ability.
Long length encompasses great amount of soft tissue for excellent support.
Long lengths are sometimes difficult to acquire.
Long lenses can be expensive, so it's important to know what features are most important.
Long lenses have a tripod collar in which they can rotate.
Long letters are hard to read.
Long letters are less likely to be read.
Long letters are okay if they get results.
Long letters are useful at times.
Long letters containing many ideas are generally less effective.
Long letters have little chance of being published.
Long letters tend to lose reader interest.
Long life changes life.
Long life is a blessing.
Long life is a gift.
Long life is a great gift.
Long life is always the best revenge.
Long life is humanity's ancient and perennial goal.
Long life is no ground for joy, nor early death for sorrow.
Long life is possible through deep breathing.
Long life is sadder than an early death.
Long life is such a special gift to journalists.
Long life is sustained by the use of dry lubricated clearance seal and linear-drive technology.
Long life is the best reason to pick a good barrel because urine corrodes plain steel.
Long life means lower maintenance and replacement costs, as well as fewer bulb-changing operations.
Long life provides time to adjust to chromosome duplication.
Long life wear resistant polyurethane impeller.
Long lights illuminate women in jewels suffering on the floor.
Long limbs intend, protracted and flush, contour of serrated shapes.
Long lines are also a possibility.
Long lines are common.
Long lines are difficult to follow.
Long lines are fine.
Long lines are hard to read, and a sign that the code needs to be restructured anyway.
Long lines are harder to read than short ones.
Long lines are located in airports.
Long lines are located in movies.
Long lines are rare, making one wonder if students forget that ice cream is available on campus.
Long lines are the most common frustration at large parks.
Long lines are the most common system in use on the Atlantic coast.
Long lines are the norm here, sometimes stretching out into an unshaded area outside.
Long lines are tiresome to follow and readers lose interest.
Long lines are typical.
Long lines can be a pain on weekends or holidays.
Long lines can easily form down on the first floor while students wait for a computer station.
Long lines cause lots of problems for many readers.
Long lines consist of length of polythene rope anchored firmly at each end.
Long lines form at many terminals on summer and holiday weekends and during commuter times.
Long lines form for the cool movie.
Long lines go forward and back.
Long lines indicate popularity.
Long lines make up the shapes and small lines make the textures.
Long lines present a capacitive load onto the output .
Long lines stretch out the door during peak hours, so plan accordingly.
Long Lines Tie the bridle lines together.
Long lists require one week for preparation.
Long literals are no longer legal.
Long locks can be just as wearable in carefree styles.
Long lockers are for daily use only.
Long lockers are for day use only.
Long lockers are to be used during class time only.
Long locomotions extend it farther out than short locomotions.
Long loop takes off from accessible loop.
Long loops take advantage of the vector hardware registers, as well as pipelining hardware.
Long marriages involve all sorts of accommodations.
Long meetings are always unproductive, boring and costly.
Long meetings can become a real problem.
Long memories prevail, and both benches empty.
Long memory implies that shocks have a long-lasting effect.
Long messages are slower to process and can cause bottlenecks in the listserver.
Long messages become a burden.
Long messages work fine either way.
Long minutes go by before the authorization to enter arrives.
Long moments pass.
Long morning walks.
Long muscles have more sarcomeres linked end to end.
Long muscles lie just underneath the epidermis.
Long nails are dangerous for everyone practicing.
Long nails are dangerous, because they can easily cut other people.
Long nails are in.
Long nails are prone to breakage usually at the base.
Long nails are really impractical.
Long nails are understandably uncomfortable for any dog.
Long nails can be cool, or they can be very declasse.
Long nails can easily catch, causing further injuries.
Long nails can injure the animal.
Long nails can look very elegant, but only if they are kept clean and in shape.
Long nails can nick the cervix and cause it to bleed.
Long nails can scratch the floor, people, and tear furniture and carpet.
Long nails create awkward finger postures.
Long nails make patients uneasy, and clinical facilities prohibit artificial nails.
Long name is the full name of the data center.
Long name starts with P .
Long names are okay, but remember that they make the buttons bigger than short names.
Long names are very difficult to remember.
Long names become difficult to work with.
Long names can be nice, but can also be a pain at times.
Long names create very large buttons.
Long names has an initial, short names the full title.
Long narratives detail the adventures of a single heroic figure.
Long neck allows animal to feed among treetops and spot predators.
Long neck allows sand-crusted serenader to poke the uke into a dune to catch a wave.
Long necks are perfect for chokers.
Long necks have arteries.
Long necks support heads.
Most long necks have arteries.
Some long necks have bars.
Some long necks have stripes.
Long necklaces are slinky and sexy.
Long nights induce flowering, but different accessions have different critical night lengths.
Long nose bandicoots have pouches.
Long nose bandicoots use noses.
Long noses are cute, but most be balanced by equally long heads.
Long noses have a long Hollywood history.
Long noses indicate serious intelligence.
Long noses look shorter in frames with a low-set bridge.
Long notes can distract the reader.
Long notes sound worse than short ones, but again only when the note ends .
Long oars have no effect on a raft of such dimensions, even when worked with a hundred sturdy arms.
Long objects can be hard to carry.
Long ones are difficult to read on the narrow typeset page.
Long ones are preferable on the extremeties of the tank and short ones in the middle section.
Long ones transmit more of the landing jolt.
Long options are more convenient to remember, but take time to type.
Long orbits have unstable orbit swings.
Long output is abridged in the examples.
Long output shows each step halving and the new parameter values.
Long oval leaves emerge with gold borders, which later turn to cream.
Long page are good for printing and searching, short pages are good for reference.
Long pages add to loading time.
Long pages can be large in size and take a long time to load.
Long pages have a link partway through to the top of the document.
Long pages have a Top of Page graphic inserted at the ends of sections.
Long pages have navigation buttons to allow the visitor to return to the top of the page.
Long pages have their own small table of contents, with entries marked by .
Long pages mean a lot of scrolling.
Long pages take time to display.
Long pages tend to be printed instead of read online.
Long pants are a good idea too.
Long pants are a necessity in the jungle.
Long pants are de riguer, ditto ticks, thorns and poison ivy.
Long pants are highly encouraged to protect legs.
Long pants are highly recommended, however.
Long pants are preferable to shorts or skirts.
Long pants are the dress order as shorts are considered to be children's dress.
Long pants are the only required item.
Long pants match tops, have a stripe down each outer leg seam.
Long paper is due .
Long papers are subject to delays in reviewing and editorial consideration.
Long papers are very welcome.
Long papers indicate an organizational problem.
Long papers require three levels of headings.
Long paragraphs are difficult to read in newspaper columns.
Long paragraphs are difficult to read.
Long paragraphs are more difficult to read on a screen.
Long paragraphs are sure signs of more than one main idea.
Long paragraphs are uninviting to the reader.
Long paragraphs can be detrimental to reader comprehension.
Long paragraphs can make the text seem harder to read than it really is.
Long paragraphs give an overall appearance of a mass of gray when in print.
Long paragraphs look intimidating and hard to read.
Long paragraphs slow the tempo down.
Long paragraphs tend to discourage people from reading.
Long passages are little more than low brass notes and drum hits.
Long passwords are more difficult to guess.
Long passwords are more secure than short ones.
Long past is the promise of spring when humanity s potential first budded and bloomed.
Long pasta is subjected to a blast of air, immediately after extrusion, to minimize stickiness.
Long pauses are harmful.
Long pauses are okay.
Long pauses are part of conversation.
Long pauses are sometimes a key.
Long pauses can add suspense, keeping little listeners glued to the story.
Long pedigrees are a key to consistency.
Long pedigrees help a student of genetics calculate consistency.
Long perches can accommodate large birds.
Many long phrases consist almost entirely of nouns.
Long pictures can have additional bottom hooks.
Some long pips are capable of creating modest spin on their own.
Long pipes produce low pitched tones, whereas short pipes produce high pitched tones.
Long pitches means lots of gear.
Long plans are cute at first, but they get old quickly.
Long plans are even better.
A long plane is a hand tool
A long plane is an edge tool
Long plane rides, airport delays, no sleep, etc.
Long Point Can.
Long poles stick up out of the newly turned ground, forming an L-shape.
Some long poles are made of bamboo.
Long porches run the length of the house, front and back.
Any long positions held past three days are at risk.
Long potatoes are the most popular.
Long practice grooves the aim.
Long Prairie has a large array of retail stores and service-oriented businesses available.
Long Prairie is home to a strong industrial base and business community.
Long prayer walks, especially in the hot sun, can be very draining.
Long precedent accounts for much of it.
Long prehensile tails have tips.
Long presentations are also available for a fee.
Long products are steel products such as bars, channels, tube and structural shapes.
Long programs comprise a more intensive study and can include hands-on activities.
Long promenade walks.
Long pseudopods are extruded to capture prey.
Long pulses exhibit the topology of flux-ropes.
Long queries consist of five or more non-stopwords.
Long questionnaires are a turn-off to most people.
Long queues build up on forecourts while many filling stations remain closed.
Long queues form when the teams come and hundreds consult doctors in one day.
Long quotations are apart in smaller type, without quotation marks.
Long quotations are inset and printed in small type without quotes.
Long quotations are to be avoided.
Long quotations are to be separated from the rest of the paper.
Long quotes waste the reader's time and Internet's bandwidth.
Long races bring different strategies into play with pit stops and car mechanics.
Long races require a high intake of low glycemic carbohydrates.
Long rail accomodates users of all heights.
Long rallies do just that.
Long range is three times Short range.
Long range means sometime out in the future.
Long rappels beg for trouble, so if in doubt, split the rap into shorter ones.
Long rate distances wireless long.
Long rates are critical.
Long rates go up when funds leave the bond market.
Long reach makes tough jobs accessible.
Long relievers are baseball's answer to the spare tire.
Long remands form the most serious human rights violation in our prisons.
Long residual can persist as long as four weeks.
Long resumes are bad news.
Long ribbons flow upward from ball of hair, behind.
Long ribbons flow upward from hair in pleats, behind.
Long ride adds Plum Island.
Long rides are achievable due to the flat terrain making cycling very easy and enjoyable.
Long rides are also good for testing nutrition, and finding out about shoe and clothing issues.
Long rods are an asset when playing a big fish.
Long rods are essential.
Long rods are great for roll casting an mending line.
Long rods perform roll casts better.
Long roots condition the soil, and the plant chokes out weeds.
Long roots help take up as much water as possible.
Long rope drops through water falls.
Long ropes take teamwork or working with each other.
Long ropes whip their poles in a furious cadence.
Long run decisions impact cost.
A long run is a period
Long run is anyone s guess.
Long run is the period of time over which all factors of production can be varied.
Long run is very good.
Long runs are an important step to racing goals.
Long runs are essential for good marathons.
Long runs are for aerobic conditioning and endurance.
Long runs are still the order of the day in gravure.
Long runs are time periods.
Long runs attract a cheaper price.
Long runs provide tons of points, while clearing card towers earn even more.
Long running are running.
Long scale is the most popular.
Long scarves are ideal for the clan or family identity on the terraces at the match.
Long sections are confusing and visually unappealing.
Long sections are impossible to summarize meaningfully in a heading.
Long sentences add a richness and complexity.
Long sentences add variety, and some ideas are too complicated to fit into seven words.
Long sentences are difficult for readers to follow.
Long sentences are hard to read, and hard to understand.
Long sentences are harder to read.
Long sentences are useful for presenting involved concepts.
Long sentences based on retribution are in.
Long sentences can confuse the reader.
Long sentences can overwhelm or confuse the reader.
Long sentences convey relaxed, slow mood.
Long sentences make content harder to understand.
Long sentences written in passive tense are boring.
Long separation is immanent.
Long separations strain marriages, leaving both men and women more open to extramarital relations.
Long service testifies to loyalty and commitment and implies a record of responsible performance.
Long sessions are better than short high pressure ones.
Long shadows offer a graphic element as they stretch out on the pristine white snow.
Long shadows paint the walls.
Long shadows reach across the high Tibetan plateau.
Long shadows start to fall.
Long shanks are useful for bait which is threaded onto hooks such as prawns and some types of worms.
Long shelves have center supports.
Long shelves have old baseball gloves and footballs.
Long shifts are unsafe shifts.
Long shoehorns are like regular shoehorns with long handles.
Long shoots are bent down to lie on the soil during growth.
Long shoots form the axis for females and short shoots for males.
Long shoots give the plant an airy, arching look.
Long shorts are okay for men as long as the beach look is avoided.
Long shot is a gamble
Long shot is contestants.
Long shots are better than no shot.
Long shots can end up in the pot bunkers in the back of the green.
Long shots do win once in a while.
Long shots find trouble behind and to the right of the green as everything falls away.
Long shots require knowledge, skill and good equipment.
Long showers waste five to ten gallons every minute.
Long side slits on the skirt give some ease in walking.
Long signatures can clutter up the digest and make it hard to read.
Long signatures can take up a lot of space.
Long signatures make the messages larger and increase upload and download time.
Long signatures take up lots of wasted space, and tend to be annoying.
Long silences can be especially uncomfortable over the telephone.
Long silences consume more than one-third of the film.
Long similes are another important characteristic of the epic style.
Long size provides maximum skin surface coverage for warming effectiveness.
Long skis are generally faster on soft snow.
Long skirt allows playing on the floor or table top, colorful designs on skirt.
Long skirts are a good choice for women.
Long skirts are the sign of bad times.
Long skirts can also be a nuisance if they're cut so that they fly high.
Long skirts carry dust, but short skirts carry away souls.
Long sleepers tend to be mildly depressed, anxious and socially withdrawn.
Long sleeve features a double button cuff and comfortable sleeves.
Long sleeve has black knit cuff.
Long sleeve has white knit cuff.
Long sleeve is below the elbow and short sleeve is above the elbow.
Long sleeve is sleeve
Long sleeve is sleeve.
Long sleeves are appropriate to each period.
Long sleeves are essential for climbing without sunburn.
Long sleeves are good for sun protection, and can always be rolled up.
Long sleeves are more likely to catch fire than are short sleeves.
Long sleeves are more likely to ignite if they touch a heat source.
Long sleeves are most common.
Long sleeves can actually reject more solar heat than they keep in body heat.
Long sleeves can catch fire easily.
Long sleeves create authority and a higher level of professionalism than short sleeves.
Long sleeves end with slip over cuffs with ruffles.
Long sleeves have either a standard or a French Cuff.
Long sleeves have matching colored ribbing at the wrists.
Long sleeves help protect arms from cumulative sun damage.
Long sleeves help protect young arms from cumulative sun damage.
Long sleeves leave upper arm bare and are attached under armhole to dress.
Long sleeves make it slightly more attractive, but pockets add a distinctly dowdy effect.
Long sleeves protect bare arms.
Long sleeves work nicely also.
Long slips are sometimes difficult to find and often uncomfortable to wear with a jumper.
Long slot provides easier mounting to all types of docks without puncturing the float shell.
Long slurs can never connect two notes of the ssme pitch.
Long socks keep poison ivy or poison oak from rubbing up against exposed ankles.
Long spans allow systems to be installed where hanging points are infrequent.
Long sparks reach out and set fire to various amusing objects placed within it's grasp.
Long speeches are out.
Long speeches tire the minds of the young.
Long spines are erect only when inflated.
Long sprays can cause condensation.
Long stalks have growth.
Most long stalks have growth.
Long starter is selected straight grain hardwood with a brass tip to prevent splitting.
Long steps create a further demarcation of spaces, and they continue on the outside into the garden.
Long stick indicates bonds between carbon atoms.
Long stick indicates carbon bond.
Long sticks are illegal.
Long sticks make a large design, short sticks make a small design.
Long stocks are a standard procedure on light weight subgauge guns.
Long stolons spread at a rapid rate.
Long stories are usually more effective than short stories.
Long stories have clear headlines, summary paragraphs, and links to the whole text.
Long stories require longer download times, which can be problematic when reception is spotty.
Long stories take up valuable time before an officer is dispatched to the incident.
Long story dont feel like typing it all out.
Long story gets a little shorter.
Long straw stays.
Long stretches are kind of meditative and there is usually nice scenery.
Long strides cover more ground in the pass rush.
Long strings are rare.
All long strings are dynamically allocated, so PString is redundant and requires more bookkeeping.
Long stroke allows wider range of control.
Long strokes have large back swings and follow throughs.
Long strokes mean long pulls.
Long Studios earn the equivalent of two standard studios.
Long swords are about the length of a katana.
Long tabs make the sail deeper off the luff while short tabs are flatter.
Long tables can cause delays.
Long tables form a big rectangle, surrounded by chairs, in the center of the room.
Long tables line the perimeter of the dimly lit room.
Long tables offer ample space for individual work on homework or projects.
Long tables take long to load, and are hard to manage with scrollbars.
Long tag ends ice up in the air during casting and affect micro-bait action.
Long tags make variable names difficult to read and write.
Long tail is black, with broad pale buff terminal band.
Long tail is intact.
Long tail makes delicately carved loop and lies up and over back.
Long tails are another good field mark.
Long tails are certainly for balance and steering but they also indicate mood and status.
Long tails have distinctive black tips.
Long tails have tips.
Long tails help keep balance during climbing and jumping.
Long tails interfere with breeding and lambing.
Long tails stay tucked in, full sleeves with barrel cuffs for freedom of movement.
Long tails vary in length.
Most long tails have distinctive black tips.
Most long tails have tips.
Most long tails vary in length.
Some long tails have black stripes.
Some long tails have feathers.
Some long tails have fur.
Some long tails have outer feathers.
Some long tails have stripes.
Some long tails have white feathers.
Some long tails have white outer feathers.
Some long tails provide propulsion.
Long tailbacks are now the norm.
Long takes are hard enough, but the choreography is particularly good.
Long taproots make transplanting difficult.
Long tentacles dangle from the four corners of the sea wasp's body.
Long tentacles have sting.
Long term experiments examine impact.
Long term exposure causes cancer.
Long term aim to raise in line with average earnings as resources allow.
Long term appears to be similar safety to short term.
Long term biosolids research on dryland wheat farms.
Long term boarding discounts and airport pick-up are available.
Long term buy out potential.
Long term can be a problem.
Long term can cause degenerative joint disease.
Long term exercising and low-fat eating is the way to keeping the weight off.
Long term exercising and low-fat eating with portion control is the way to keeping the weight off.
Long term exposures to low levels of lead can cause brain damage, and lowered I.Q. in children.
Long term feeding studies with test animals show depressed levels of cholinesterase activity.
Long term follow up after perimesencephalic subarachnoid haemorrhage.
Long term follow up in five patients.
Long term follow up in patients with severe chronic respiratory insufficiency.
Long term follow up indicates that the improvement appears to be long lasting.
Long term follow up is important to assess for abnormal head shape .
Long term follow up of biliary endoprosthesis insertion for common bile duct stones.
Long term follow up of surgically treated stress incontinence.
Long term follow up of symptomatic and asymptomatic cases.
Long term follow up of the value of mandibular advancement splints is also in progress.
Long term follow up studies are continuing.
Long term follow up via questionnaires that can be mailed to patient.
Long term follow up.
Long term is five years and beyond.
Long term is more than five years.
Long term is still a good stock.
Long term leases only.
Long term leases with a guaranteed buyout or renewal at the end of the term is possible.
Long term leases, strong returns and capital growth potential.
Long term leave without pay is limited to two years within a five-year period.
Long term living facility provides accessible, affordable, community-based living opportunities.
Long term mean precipitation , snowfall and snowpack tables.
Long term means more than three months.
Long term operating costs of the drainage pipe proves to be the most cost-effective.
Long term passes available Parking for patients and visitors is located in the main parking garage.
Long term produce and sell starch of mung bean,and castor oil.
Long term recirculationoccurs very late in the accident.
Long term stay at affordable prices.
Long term stay available.
Long term stays at attractive prices.
Long term stays welcome.
Long term stays, large parties or special catering opportuninties are available upon request.
Long term supports in yellow, green and pink.
Long term timescales are essential.
Long term wearing of tight ponytails can actually encourage hair loss in some circumstances.
Long terms means it was held for more than a year.
Long terms stays welcome - reduced rates negotiable.
Long text Displays the purchase order line item text.
Long text works best to tell the whole story.
Long texts take longer to load, but it needs to be done less frequently.
Long thin wire provides resistance.
Long time problems plague scientists.
Long time becomes too long.
Long time Coming is easy to criticize.
Long time is time periods.
Long times lead to enhanced geochemical interaction with the wallrock.
Long timers know how to extract money from corporations and wealthy benefactors.
Long titles display wide and make the calendar hard to read.
Long toes add stability to the waders and webs between the toes aid in swimming.
Long toes exert great pressure on tendons.
Long toenails are particularly prone to getting caught in rope.
Long toenails can become snagged and entangled in carpet fibers.
Long toenails can grow into the toepad.
Long toenails can grow into the toe-pad.
Long toenails cause pain and difficulty in walking.
Long toenails make pointework excruciating.
Long tones are excellent for developing a sense of intonation and improving tone quality.
Long tones are really good exercises for a new mouthpiece.
Long tones require only one task and that is to play a single note.
Long tongue is red.
Long tongues have tips.
Most long tongues have tips.
Some long tongues help seeds.
Long tours are by their nature fairly all-encompassing and include accommodation and meals.
Long tours can have their effect on bands.
Long tracks are preferable on top, short tracks are fine for the ranch property.
Long tradition assigns to good literature the qualities of stability, monumentality, and authority.
Long trails are great.
Long trails are long trips and it gets heavy folks.
Long trails can be arduous, but both sides of the park provide short walks too.
Long trains are a delight to watch, and a real attention grabber at public shows.
Long trains are very efficient from the perspective of the railroad company.
Long transactions are database edits that persist over multiple sessions.
Long travels are on the cards.
Long trials are in danger of tiring the faith and patience even of very good men.
Long trips are out of the question.
Long trips are particularly difficult on little ones who have trouble sitting still for long.
Long trips benefit from metering at the expense of short trips.
Long trips makes it necessary to have a comfortable rucksack.
Long trips mean increased risks on rural roads prone to snow drifts and heavy fog.
Long trips provide options.
Long trips would have consequences.
Long trips would have drastic consequences.
Most long trips provide options.
Most long trips take from eight to twelve days, with a lot of time rafting in Wilderness.
Some long trips cost more.
Long tubes are accented with a-plus lippers.
Long tubes are hard to keep mechanically stiff and so flex under the weight of the lens.
Long tubes connect the needle through a hole in a cement block wall to several intravenous drips.
Long tubes make collar bones.
Some long tubes carry oxygen.
Some long tubes carry urine.
Some long tubes connect mouths.
Some long tubes extend from larynxes.
Some long tubes fill with air.
Long tunnels lead to gates on many different levels, with shops and restaurants everywhere.
Long tunnels occupy hunt territory.
Long tunnels occupy territory.
Most long tunnels occupy hunt territory.
Most long tunnels occupy territory.
Long twilights increase chance of spotting high-declination satellites .
A long underwear is a garment
Long underwear is essential.
Long underwear is lovely, as is an extra shawl under the cloak.
Long Valley is a large silicic caldera complex that has shown some signs of perhaps inflating.
Long Valley is a well monitored and studied volcano.
Long Valley is the last example of the once extensive flood plains in the northern New Territories.
LONG value Push the long integer 'value' onto the stack.
Long variables can only contain non-fractional integer values.
Long varieties have a dry, fluffy texture, are popular for baking, mashing and French-frying.
Long version follows.
Long version is available .
Long version see technical report below.
Long version see TR below.
Long vessels cope better in rough seas.
Long Vines have two leaves.
Long vines wove from tree to tree, creating a spindly tunnel of Banyan and palm.
Long visits are inappropriate.
Long vowel digraphs.
Long vowel sounds introduced with mostly one-syllable words.
Long vowel syllables Each of the long syllables is pronunced by simply extending the short vowel.
Long vowels are always long.
Long vowels are easier to identify than short vowels.
Long vowels become short in non-initial position, but they stay clear.
Long vowels say their name.
Some long vowels follow a sequence different from that of the corresponding short-vowel sequence.
Long waits are often due to increased user traffic.
Long waits are the worst.
Long waits can also be the fault of unnecessary graphics or 'special effects'.
Long waits can be routine and no queue is too long at the ticket and sales counters.
Long waits cause a myriad of problems.
Long wales run along the outside of the hull , parallel to the water and roughly from bow to stern .
Long walks are good.
Long walks are particularly good, especially ones uphill.
Any long war is responsible for labour shortage in industry and agriculture.
Long warranties are a marketing gimmick.
A long wave is a radio emission
Long wave Teleswitching Long wave teleswitching is a new way in load management technology.
Long waves are barotropic.
Long waves are radio waves.
Long waves can travel far into the ice field and have strong influence on braking up the ice field.
Long waves carry for hundreds of miles.
