Estate planning is a very complex subject.
Estate planning is a very personal and private matter.
Estate planning is a very sensitive issue.
Estate planning is a way of setting down answers to some of life's critical questions.
Estate planning is also a motivation for the transaction.
Estate planning is also critical.
Estate planning is always tricky.
Estate planning is an area where a little knowledge can be a dangerous thing.
Estate planning is an easy thing to put off.
Estate planning is an important part of decision making in personal and business management.
Estate planning is an ongoing process.
Estate planning is another major issue.
Estate planning is appropriate at any stage of life.
Estate planning is complex and best left to the experts.
Estate planning is concerned only with the conservation of existing assets.
Estate planning is concerned with passing as much of that wealth to heirs at the lowest tax cost.
Estate planning is considered both a right and a responsibility of every individual.
Estate planning is designed to minimize or eliminate litigation involving the client's estate.
Estate planning is done on a flat fee basis and initial consulations are free.
Estate planning is essential to attaining personal financial goals.
Estate planning is for everyone.
Estate planning is important for almost everyone, in today s complex and fast-moving world.
Estate planning is integrated with the financial planning process.
Estate planning is just another form of financial planning.
Estate planning is like trying to load a moving van with the contents from a warehouse.
Estate planning is more important than ever.
Estate planning is much more than simply planning to avoid probate and reduce taxes.
Estate planning is no exception.
Estate planning is no longer the privilege of the wealthy.
Estate planning is one of the main reasons for buying permanent or whole life insurance.
Estate planning is particularly important under our restructured tax laws.
Estate planning is phenomenally expensive to taxpayers and the treasury.
Estate planning is phenomenally expensive.
Estate planning is probably the weakest area of financial profile.
Estate planning is really financial planning over a time horizon of two or more generations.
Estate planning is simply another form of financial planning.
Estate planning is something that needs to be addressed and updated every few years.
Estate planning is sometimes frustrating.
Estate planning is still possible.
Estate planning is the development of a comprehensive plan and involves more than tax planning.
Estate planning is the process of preparing for the orderly transfer of one's property at death.
Estate planning is therefore an important consideration.
Estate planning is time-consuming.
Estate planning is very complex and is subject to changing laws.
Estate planning is very complex and subject to changing laws.
Estate planning means many things to different people.
Estate planning needs consideration as well.
Estate planning requires consideration of the value of the entire estate and gifts prior to death.
Estate planning requires constant upkeep.
Estate planning requires sensitivity to matters other than finance.
Estate planning simplifies things for survivors and can reduce the tax bite.
Estate planning takes a front seat following terrorist attacks.
Most estate planning is performed on a fixed fee basis.
Estate sale find.
Estate sales are a buyer beware situation.
Estate sales are a wonderful source for researchers.
Estate sales are cool because they list everything they have for sale.
Estate sales are some of the best sources of antiques and collectibles.
Estate sales are where others come and loot the deceased for fun and profit.
Estate sales can furnish the collector with a plethora of great material.
Estate sales show the items sold, the buyer's name, and the amount paid for the item.
Most estate sales last two to three days.
An estate tax is a transfer tax
Estate tax is a concern of many farm people.
Estate tax is based on a NET estate.
Estate tax is double taxation - remove it.
Estate tax is imposed by Singapore.
Estate tax is levied on properties owned by the decedent at the time of death.
Estate tax is reduced through claiming a charitable deduction.
Estate tax means federal estate tax, including any interest and penalty thereon.
Estate taxs are taxs.
Estate taxation can even be of value for the very rich.
Estate taxation hurts the economy.
Estate taxation is an increasingly important consideration.
Estate taxation is the term generally applied to taxing of a deceased person's estate.
Estate taxes affect the transfer of small businesses and family farms to surviving family.
Estate taxes are a funny issue.
Estate taxes are a major point of contention between the two parties nationally.
Estate taxes are a mere drop in the bucket, though.
Estate taxes are among the highest levied.
Estate taxes are an important factor, too.
Estate taxes are due nine months from the date of death.
Estate taxes are especially costly to family-run businesses.
Estate taxes are fiscally and economically counterproductive.
Estate taxes are no longer a problem that affect only the very wealth.
Estate taxes are no longer a problem that affect only the very wealthy.
Estate taxes are one reason.
Estate taxes are particularly devastating to family farms and small businesses.
Estate taxes are partly to blame.
Estate taxes are quite similar to corporate taxes.
Estate taxes are taxes on property or money that is inherited.
Estate taxes are the most onerous of federal taxes.
Estate taxes are then due after the second death.
Estate taxes can be quite costly.
Estate taxes can be very high, but apply after a relatively high personal exemption.
Estate taxes can have a huge economic impact.
Estate taxes can mean the loss of treasured family assets.
Estate taxes can take a considerable portion of one s estate at the time of death.
Estate taxes can take a toll on more than just the heirs.
Estate taxes force too many families to sell the farmland to developers just to pay the taxes.
Estate taxes generate less than one percent of federal revenue.
Estate taxes generate less than one percent of federal revenues.
Estate taxes have a negative impact on the economy.
Estate taxes hurt small businesses, women and minorities.
Estate taxes hurt the economy.
Estate taxes make farmland preservation difficult.
Estate taxes play an important role in the U.S. tax system.
An estate is a property
Estate also includes an airstrip.
Estate can manage the account until the beneficiary is of age to receive the benefits.
Estate consists primarily of assets difficult to manage or to transfer.
Estate features house, grounds, gardens, orchard, and vineyard.
Estate includes carriage barn with carriages, children's playhouse, formal gardens.
Estate includes carriage house with carriages, children s playhouse, formal gardens.
Estate is a general term used to describe previously owned.
Estate is correct.
Estate is wheelchair accessible.
Estate isa possession.
Estate means property of a decedent or ward that is subject to administration.
Estate now appeals arguing the trial court erred in so doing.
Estate opens for the season.
Estate passes to the surviving spouse outside of probate.
Estate planning Another consideration for retirement is estate planning.
Estate sues ex-teachers.
Estates are a focus of unwarranted taxation.
Estates are almost always complicated enough to justify such professional services.
Estates are cars.
Estates are classes.
Estates are much less likely to be in the hands of the same owner for generations.
Estates are now less significant in most countries.
Estates are part of states.
Estates are properties.
Estates are real properties.
Estates are the main source.
Estates are welcome.
Estates attract a premium.
Estates boasts of four luxurious suites in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere.
Estates change over time.
Estates escheat, when.
Estates fight aganist other estates.
Estates is the ideal meeting, conference and corporate function destination.
Estates offers only the finest in residential living.
Estates provide a maintenance service, technical advice and project management.
Estates reserve the right to refuse permission.
Estates Take a tour of some of our homes.
Estates therefore are of primary importance, tenures less so.
All estates get the benefit of the exemptions, depending on the date of death.
All estates require proper administration and upholding fiduciary responsibilities.
Every estate is different and requires a different approach.
Many estates also emphasize the name of a special vineyard as a mark of distinction.
Many estates have taxable gifts upon which gift tax was previously paid.
Most estates are never subject to tax, but if estate tax does kick in, it can kick in big.
Most estates are never subject to tax, but if estate tax does take a bite, it can be a big one.
Most estates pass free of federal estate tax.
Some estates comprise only one ED, but most contain more than one.
Some estates still maintain their rubber stand to sustain factory operations and contracts.
Some estates take years of continuous effort to settle.
Some estates take years to settle.
Some estates use lots of new oak.
Estates planning takes many forms and has many purposes.
Esteem affects molting and citricola scale only molts twice per year.
Esteem is honor
Esteem is honor.
Esteem is via performance evaluation.
Esteem isa status.
Esteem presents the typical human desire to be accepted and valued by others.
Estephe wines are full-bodied wines with the same concentrated fruit and famously firm tannins.
Ester hydrolysis occurs in the cytosol.
Ester go to town.
Ester is a chemists word to describe a particular chemical bonding configuration.
Ester is an organic compound
Ester is on the right end.
Ester is organic compounds.
Ester is organic matter.
Ester provides more rapid burndown.
Esters also have an important function in organic synthesis.
Esters also have remarkable applications in everyday life.
Esters are a class of compound that can help to illustrate the correlation between smell and flavor.
Esters are a ubiquitous class of aroma compounds present in many fruits.
Esters are a very important functional group.
Esters are aromas and flavors in the beer that are a byproduct of fermentation.
Esters are compounds formed when carboxylic acids react with alcohols.
Esters are compounds that are sort of like alcohols bonded to acids.
Esters are derived from carboxylic acids.
Esters are named as derivatives of the carboxylic acid from which they are formed.
Esters are organic molecules.
Esters are present in small quantities after distillation, and are also formed during aging.
Esters are the most common functional group.
Esters are usually non-staining and cosmetically easier to work with than other chemical absorbers.
Esters are very common in nature and an important part of Organic chemistry courses.
Esters can also do many reactions.
Esters can also react with amines or ammonia to form amides.
Esters degrade most rapidly.
Esters enolize too , and their enolate ions do the same things that ketone-enolates do.
Esters have a very sweet fruity smell.
Esters have important medical uses.
Esters have two carbon chains separated by an 'ether' oxygen.
Esters react in the presence of an acid or base to give back the alcohol and a salt.
Esters require an organic acid and an alcohol to condense by the elimination of water.
Esters vary from low to high.
Esters vary only in their ability to reduce a steroid's water solubility.
Esters webside .
Esters often have a fruity taste or odor.
Esters usually have a pleasant fruit-like flavor.
Many esters are very fragrant.
Many esters occur naturally and can be derived from a variety of plants.
Some esters also have useful physiological effects.
Some esters have recognizable odors and are used in food flavorings.
Esthetic appreciation begins with the enjoyment of the morning bath.
Esthetic dentistry is always a part of every treatment plan for the patient.
Esthetic interpretation is the construction of an anthropology.
Esthetic materials are for esthetic purposes.
An esthetic is a philosophical theory
Esthetics are equally important.
Esthetics are very important in snow removal.
Esthetics count, but content rules.
An esthetician is a skilled worker
Estheticians administer facial and other skin treatments.
Estheticians are philosophers.
Estheticians are skilled workers.
Estheticians find careers in the luxurious land of salons, spas, and first class hotels.
Estheticians still use violet ray lamps today to eliminate acne.
Some estheticians prefer to apply the mud over cheese cloth to aid in removal.
Estimate fee is waived if service is performed.
Estimate income make two, one high and one low.
Estimate mortality caused by each natural enemy, convert it into k-value.
An estimate is a calculation
Estimates above are for reference only.
Estimates also affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Estimates also indicate that two-thirds of all canker sore sufferers are women.
Estimates also vary widely on the total value of wireless advertising spending in the United States.
Estimates approximate burn time for specific jobs.
Estimates approximate sums and differences.
Estimates are acceptable.
Estimates are accurate, based on the details of the design specification agreed on.
Estimates are also available for the U.S. and regions by age of householder.
Estimates are also available on diskette.
Estimates are always free .
Estimates are always free and special package discounts can be arranged.
Estimates are always free of charge.
Estimates are always free.
Estimates are an integral part of job tickets and their tasks.
Estimates are available - no charge or obligation.
Estimates are available and quotes of complete assignments are cheerfully given.
Estimates are available as well.
Estimates are available at industry sector level, and by type of capital acquisition.
Estimates are available at industry sector level, and by type of stocks held.
Estimates are available at industry sector level.
Estimates are available at the phone number and email address below.
Estimates are available by subprovincial region, farm type and revenue class.
Estimates are available for . . . . .
Estimates are available for the most heavily regulated city, Cambridge.
Estimates are available free of charge for any of our services.
Estimates are available from a number of sources, as discussed below.
Estimates are available on request.
Estimates are available upon request based on the services required.
Estimates are available upon request.
Estimates are available when changes are requested.
Estimates are available.
Estimates are based on the examination of an item and recent auction records of comparable pieces.
Estimates are based on the specifications understood at time of estimate.
Estimates are based on very limited population data and rely on expert opinion only.
Estimates are below.
Estimates are both seasonally adjusted and unadjusted.
Estimates are both unadjusted and seasonally adjusted annual rates.
Estimates are calculations.
Estimates are comparisons between integrals, our method of relating one to another.
Estimates are easy to EM-train.
Estimates are exactly that-estimates.
Estimates are fine.
Estimates are five to seven months.
Estimates are for domestic service only.
Estimates are for full container loads consisting of five line items or less.
Estimates are for standard American design furniture.
Estimates are for stocks and exclude plutonium irradiated in fast breeder and light water reactors.
Estimates are for the civilian non- institutionalized population.
Estimates are for the civilian non institutionalized population.
Estimates are for the past, while projections typically are for future dates.
Estimates are free .
Estimates are free and all of our work is guaranteed.
Estimates are free and arrangements can be made.
Estimates are free and ballpark quotes are often given over the phone.
Estimates are free and competitive.
Estimates are free and fast.
Estimates are free and insurance is part of the package.
Estimates are free and references are available upon request.
Estimates are free of charge and without obligation to have any work done.
Estimates are free of charge so drop by today.
Estimates are free of charge.
Estimates are free, and repair work is warranted for a period of ONE year.
Estimates are free, and results are guaranteed.
Estimates are free, except for any shipping costs.
Estimates are free, except for the shipping cost.
Estimates are free, with no obligation.
Estimates are free.
Estimates are Free.
Estimates are fuzzy, however, on total costs after the course becomes a reality.
Estimates are important both in computation and in measurement.
Estimates are in metric tonnes, full molecular weight basis.
Estimates are in the hundreds of thousands.
Estimates are in the multiple hundreds with lots of little ones.
Estimates are in uninterrupted days.
Estimates are judgment.
Estimates are just that, an estimate.
Estimates are just that, as some lots proved.
Estimates are just that.
Estimates are likely to be only partially funded.
Estimates are likely to increase even further.
Estimates are low worldwide.
Estimates are made based on careful assumptions and known information.
Estimates are many billions of dollars worldwide.
Estimates are more robust for use for relative than absolute comparisons.
Estimates are normal repairs and include parts and labor.
Estimates are on a per acre basis and include value of all land and buildings.
Estimates are only an approximate calculation and are to be treated as such.
Estimates are preliminary and subject to revision.
Estimates are prepared and reviewed by departments and used in budget preparation.
Estimates are respect.
Estimates are speculative.
Estimates are statements.
Estimates are subject to both sampling error and to variability in non-response.
Estimates are subject to change without notice.
Estimates are subject to change.
Estimates are subject to our standard terms and conditions .
Estimates are subject to sampling error and to variability in non response.
Estimates are subject to sampling error and to variability in non-response.
Estimates are subject to surveyor bias and requires training to standardize observer estimates.
Estimates are such as to exclude latency on a network.
Estimates are that a majority of divorce cases involve domestic abuse.
Estimates are that a third of the population now consumes some form of herbal supplement.
Estimates are that more than half of the original wetlands in the United States have been destroyed.
Estimates are that more than half the world's population subsists wholly or partially on rice.
Estimates are that nearly four million persons are smuggled across U.S. borders annually.
Estimates are that one in four Taylor County residents is functionally illiterate.
Estimates are that one in six couples are affected by some degree of infertility.
Estimates are that one in ten falls at work results in permanent invalidity or death.
Estimates are that one in three sound recordings is unauthorized.
Estimates are that one-third of all records maintained by an office are obsolete.
Estimates are that only a few submissions get listed and even then it can take a while.
Estimates are that the crowd swelled to a million the next day.
Estimates are that theft accounts for about one-fifth of all power generated in the country.
Estimates are that there are vast numbers of shipwrecks at the bottom of the seas.
Estimates are that three-fourths of the country are under water.
Estimates are that two years elapse between discovery and use.
Estimates are unreliable due to poor reporting.
Estimates are useful if there are concerns on the project cost or budget limitation.
Estimates are usually only accurate to a factor of three or so.
Estimates are very customizable.
Estimates are very reliable.
Estimates are welcome.
Estimates assume no secondary effects on employment or wages.
Estimates automatically become contracts when the acceptance date is entered.
Estimates based on damaged carcasses range up to one hundred feet.
Estimates based upon small sample sizes are unstable.
Estimates calculated from sample data vary since population units comprising the sample vary.
Estimates call for at least a couple of days of steady water flow.
Estimates call for growth to continue well into the next century.
Estimates call for the second-largest corn crop ever and a record soybean corp.
Estimates can differ from one contractor to another for various reasons.
Estimates change on a daily basis and actual figures are usually greater than the estimates.
Estimates continue to be refined during the project to make sure tasks are on- track.
Estimates cost of each project, materials and man hours.
Estimates cost of repairs to equipment and recommends schedules for shop repairs.
Estimates cover accommodation, food and travel within London.
Estimates cover, in detail, proposed spending for the new fiscal year.
Estimates defect sizes.
Estimates depend on how rape is defined and measured.
Estimates depend on the number and type of courses in which students are enrolled.
Estimates differ markedly between different surveys.
Estimates differ regarding the essential historical reliability of Acts.
Estimates Enter and print detailed estimates and treatment plans.
Estimates error in dynamics.
Estimates exclude ungraded students.
Estimates generally range from two to thirty million.
Estimates generated by the tools are only as good as the input data used.
Estimates give a range of upper, lower and most likely values.
Estimates give rise to analysis.
Estimates given over the telephone and the Internet are difficult for a mover to guarantee.
Estimates have the index remaining virtually unchanged in the third quarter.
Estimates have yet to be made on private property damage.
Estimates help some a bit further.
Estimates help the buyer compare costs between lending institutions.
Estimates improve as n increases.
Estimates indicate a death toll in the neighborhood of fifty thousand.
Estimates indicate considerable promise for real-time path planning.
Estimates indicate Internet gambling to be a multi-billion dollar business and growing.
Estimates indicate more than half of high-school students have thought about suicide.
Estimates indicate that one in every three business software applications was a bogus copy.
Estimates indicate that one in every three business-software applications was a bogus copy.
Estimates indicate that one in ten employees experience a significant personal problem each year.
Estimates indicate that the value of yield lost due to sensor measurement error is small.
Estimates indicate that town size fluctuated greatly through the years.
Estimates indicate their numbers are in decline.
Estimates indicate two-thirds of all businesses pay no taxes at all.
Estimates involve some delicate distinctions and carefully controlled guesswork.
Estimates look professional and are accurate every time.
Estimates made before the page proof stage are rough estimates only.
Estimates needs and orders supplies and equipment.
Estimates now are that half the nation's adult population owns stock.
Estimates now suggest that fewer than one fifth of the population perished.
Estimates place the fescue acreage in the state at slightly more than two million acres.
Estimates predict that about one in a thousand hatchlings survive to adulthood.
Estimates provided before work is started.
Estimates published for selected cites are total retail sales only.
Estimates quantities up to a dollar.
Estimates range anywhere from quite modest to extreme.
Estimates range between one and two hundred million mines in stockpiles around the world.
Estimates range between one and two million for the number of animal species that inhabit the earth.
Estimates range between tens and hundreds of thousands.
Estimates range from a few hundred to a few thousand years or longer.
Estimates range from a few thousand to tens of thousands.
Estimates range from a half-mile to a few hundred yards.
Estimates range from an almost imperceptible effect to a near-depression scenario.
Estimates range from as low as twenty thousand to as high as eighty thousand.
Estimates range from five to ten times that number.
Estimates range from half a million or more new business starts in the USA annually.
Estimates range from half a million to more than a million when counting heads.
Estimates range from once a year to once every several years.
Estimates range from once every million years to once every few hundred million years.
Estimates range from one to two years in the subtropics to as long as seven in temperate areas.
Estimates range from scores to thousands of people having been butchered.
Estimates range from several hundred people to many thousands.
Estimates range from several hundred to more than a thousand.
Estimates range from several weeks to an astonishing two days.
Estimates range from tens of millions to over a hundred million people.
Estimates range from tens to hundreds of billions for potential mobile-service revenues.
Estimates range from the high tens of thousands to over a half million people.
Estimates range from thousands to millions of times better than what humans can smell.
Estimates range from thousands to tens of thousands over the coming years.
Estimates range from three to six percent of the population.
Estimates range from three years to never.
Estimates range to a quarter of a million members.
Estimates range widely for the continuing toll of the country's longest war.
Estimates range widely.
Estimates refer to freight movement by truck, rail, and sea.
Estimates reflect a potential range of costs and a way of evaluating alternative production options.
Estimates represent nonagricultural wage and salary jobs by place of work.
Estimates reveal that one third of the antibiotics prescribed by physicians are unnecessary.
Estimates run from forty billion years to one hundred billion years.
Estimates run from hundreds of thousands to well over a million during the period.
Estimates run from one hundred and twenty-five thousand to half a million.
Estimates run from the hundreds of thousands to more than a million.
Estimates run from three to seven billion dollars for cities like Chicago.
Estimates run in the tens of thousands of years or even millions.
Estimates run into millions of dollars.
Estimates say that that one to two percent of adults are sleepwalkers .
Estimates say that that one to two percent of adults are sleepwalkers.
Estimates say there are two bald eagles for every one brown bear.
Estimates show all of Yavapai County is underserved in mental health services.
Estimates show multiple quantity delivery times based on current work center loads.
Estimates show only several hundred southern steelhead in Southern California.
Estimates show that between three and five million U.S. citizens live and work abroad.
Estimates show that industries house more PCBs than do utilities in the watershed.
Estimates show that more than a million people worldwide have kidney failure.
Estimates show that Norway's total acid rain bill is approx.
Estimates show that only one-fourth of necessary maintenance is actually carried out.
Estimates show that there is a great opportuniti of profitability of our joint projects.
Estimates show there are thousands and thousands of Spanish-speaking residents in Southern Nevada.
Estimates speak of at least three-digit millions of U.S. dollars.
Estimates suggest as many as two-thirds of all campuses utilize the technology in some form.
Estimates suggest One.
Estimates suggest that a mere tenth of the insect species have been named, let alone studied.
Estimates suggest that it was  in length.
Estimates suggest that it was in length .
Estimates suggest that l million jobs are unfilled.
Estimates suggest that only half of all diagnosed coeliacs register.
Estimates suggest that several grams of microspheres are needed to induce physiological effect.
Estimates thus make managing the lawyer easier for the client.
Estimates typically require five working days.
Estimates use activity and expense items to quickly build estimates and proposals.
Estimates use all available progeny and performance records of close relatives.
Estimates use averages of source apportionment and box model air quality results.
Estimates using microwave sensors are valid in cloudy regions.
Estimates vary .
Estimates vary about the life span of a wolf.
Estimates vary about what lies ahead.
Estimates vary according to both discipline and institution.
Estimates vary as to how great an increase is needed.
Estimates vary as to how many women suffer from chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
Estimates vary as to the extent of the problem.
Estimates vary as to the number of orphans in Zambia.
Estimates vary as to the number of Skinheads in the Czech Republic.
Estimates vary as to what the market is worth.
Estimates vary because studies and surveys use different methods and definitions of the problem.
Estimates vary between one and three million.
Estimates vary between ten and thirty million.
Estimates vary by age and definition used.
Estimates vary by source.
Estimates vary concerning the size and volume of drug related offending.
Estimates vary considerably by hospital-type, bed size and geographic region.
Estimates vary considerably.
Estimates vary depending on definitions, criteria and assessment tools.
Estimates vary depending on the method used.
Estimates vary depending on where and when the studies took place.
Estimates vary from a few hundred thousand to a million.
Estimates vary from fourteen to twenty members.
Estimates vary from hundreds of thousands to millions of children.
Estimates vary from one source to another.
Estimates vary greatly, but five billion is somewhere in the middle.
Estimates vary on how many tons of greenhouse gases are emitted from thawed permafrost soils.
Estimates vary on just how many dogs wander wild around the capital city.
Estimates vary on the amount of water required for water intoxication.
Estimates vary on the current level of telecommuting.
Estimates vary on the incidence of serious consequences of alcohol withdrawal.
Estimates vary on the number of people killed.
Estimates vary on the number of people with a hearing impairment.
Estimates vary on the number of uninsured children in Connecticut.
Estimates vary on the numbers of homosexual teens.
Estimates vary regarding the resources saved by recycling.
Estimates vary somewhat, depending on the source.
Estimates vary too widely to cite a specific figure.
Estimates vary widely .
Estimates vary widely about the magnitude of the problem.
Estimates vary widely as to how many now occur each year.
Estimates vary widely as to how many private companies exist in China.
Estimates vary widely because even the perimeters of what makes a sect are disputed.
Estimates vary widely due to different thresholds used to calculate the presence of the disorder.
Estimates vary widely on the actual number of members.
Estimates vary widely, however.
Estimates vary widely.
Estimates vary wildly.
Estimates vary with other tunings and instruments.
Estimates vary with the school.
Estimates vary, but always the total is in the millions, double digit millions.
Estimates vary, but doctors prescribe antibiotics for perhaps half of all cold victims they see.
Estimates vary, but it is certain that lightening kills.
Estimates vary, but it is clear Iowa's contribution of nutrients is very significant.
Estimates vary, but it's believed that close to two million people died.
Estimates vary, but most observers believe that at best the rebels have only a few hundred fighters.
Estimates vary, but there is a metabolic loss in each step up the food chain.
Estimates vary, but they're all in the millions.
Estimates vary, depending on the options that eventually move forward.
Estimates vary, meanwhile, as to how much holiday lights contribute to the problem.
Estimates work time and material costs.
Estimates usually are for the past, while projections typically are for future dates.
Estimates usually result in a higher rate for the following year.
All estimates apply to a single lane, which is a mile long.
All estimates are approximations.
All estimates are available with no obligation to purchase a policy.
All estimates are before deduction of withholding taxes.
All estimates are computer-generated and faxed.
All estimates are for one semester.
All estimates are for the academic year unless otherwise noted.
All estimates are for the resident population unless noted otherwise.
All estimates are FREE .
All estimates are free and include discounts for senior citizens and veterans.
All estimates are free of any charges.
All estimates are free of charge.
All estimates are free, with no obligation .
All estimates are free.
All estimates are highly speculative.
All estimates are in British pounds.
All estimates are in Canadian Dollars.
All estimates are in millions of dollars.
All estimates are in thousands of dollars.
All estimates are number of jobs.
All estimates are of course only that, estimates.
All estimates are professional and thorough.
All estimates are reasonable.
All estimates are subject to change .
All estimates are subject to change.
All estimates are subject to inspection.
All estimates are uncertain.
All estimates become deposits, if the unit is repaired.and thus is subtracted from the total bill.
All estimates derived from a sample survey are subject to sampling and nonsampling errors.
All estimates point to a still higher death toll as more bodies are found in the days to come.
All estimates presented here are from reduced models with all non-significant effects removed.
All estimates refer to the annual prevalence of drug use.
All estimates refer to the unique products of chiral technology.
All estimates reflect current conditions.
All estimates represent arithmetic means over years and, in many cases, geographic areas.
Any estimates have asterisks next to the date.
Every estimate is assumed to be an average value, bounded within a normally-distributed curve.
Many estimates are rough and outdated .
Many estimates are rough and outdated.
Most estimates are amazingly inaccurate and are therefore of little value.
Most estimates are educated guesses.
Most estimates are free.
Most estimates indicate that close to two-fifths of the affected populations perished.
Most estimates place the Earth's long-term capacity at four to sixteen billion.
Most estimates place the number of internally displaced people in Colombia at over one million.
Most estimates put women's representation in senior management positions at five percent or less.
Most estimates say that six million customers now use Internet banking.
Most estimates suggest small, but positive effects.
Some estimates are a million people.
Some estimates are as high as half a million.
Some estimates are as high as one in every four.
Some estimates are between three and eight times as much.
Some estimates are considerably less.
Some estimates are even higher.
Some estimates are higher, many are much lower.
Some estimates are higher.
Some estimates are lower, but agree that the figure runs into billions every year and is rising.
Some estimates are much higher.
Some estimates are proffered, but no one really knows the overall cost or magnitude.
Some estimates are shorter if the bottle has been opened.
Some estimates are that for every seven farms that fail, one rural business fails as well.
Some estimates are that over one third of junk e-mail is pornographic.
Some estimates are that ten percent of the population is in overstress.
Some estimates are that the Web doubles in size every four months.
Some estimates exceed the one trillion dollar mark.
Some estimates go even higher.
Some estimates go much higher than that.
Some estimates hold that six million horses served in the war zones of American troops.
Some estimates indicate that roughly half a million homes have wells with unsafe levels.
Some estimates list the current ratio of workers to retirees at five to one.
Some estimates place it at one-half.
Some estimates place the cost of fiber in sewers less than on installing on poles.
Some estimates place the figure even higher.
Some estimates place the number of abandoned babies much higher.
Some estimates place the number of folks downtown in the thousands.
Some estimates place the number of latchkey children much higher.
Some estimates project that a million more users are joining the network every month.
Some estimates put fiber evidence in one-quarter of all crimes.
Some estimates put such costs much higher.
Some estimates put that second number many times higher.
Some estimates put the annual cost of hacking in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Some estimates range even higher.
Some estimates say there are twenty million uninsured children.
Some estimates speak of more than five million.
Some estimates suggest that half of all technology projects fail.
Some estimates suggest that one plant or animal endangered species becomes extinct every hour.
Estimated circulation is approx.
Estimated cost includes materials and labor.
Estimated cost is escrowed.
Estimated cost is Rs.
Estimated cost is the value of buying particular advertising slots.
Estimated numbers are acceptable.
Estimated numbers are satisfactory.
Estimated restoration is up to two weeks for some customers.
An estimated tax is an income tax
Estimated tax is used to pay both income and self-employment taxes.
An estimation is a calculation
Estimation based on maximum normal likelihood is proposed.
Estimation demonstrates that as a substantive matter it is zero.
Estimation includes unit costs, labor and job expenses, overhead and profit.
Estimation includes use of wavelets and quadratic variation, and also more traditional methods.
Estimation is a complex process.
Estimation is a much needed math skill.
Estimation is a useful skill, especially in such activities as grocery shopping.
Estimation is an important everyday life skill.
Estimation is based on any remaining rows.
Estimation is dangerous.
Estimation is done by least squares.
Estimation is especially important when children use calculators.
Estimation is essential, as the carlines' own expert agrees.
Estimation is faster and regression diagnostics are easily computed.
Estimation is good, and often necessary, but problems have specific answers.
Estimation is implemented in two main stages.
Estimation is included and the ability to work with math.
Estimation is included as a special case.
Estimation is introduced as a strategy for determining reasonable sums.
Estimation is Relatively Fast .
Estimation is the honest prediction of what is likely to happen.
Estimation is to find an answer that is close to the exact answer.
Estimation is used to decide how many resources are needed for a given population.
Estimation is very important when using a calculator.
Estimation isa cognition.
Estimation isa knowledge.
Estimation principles that a logger uses.
Estimation relies on share price data.
Estimation requires customer signoff and approval.
Estimation requires knowledge of basic rules of calculating probabilities of events.
Estimation requires selecting the correct answer amongst several.
Estimation saves time and is a valuable skill.
Estimation therefore involves accounting for the uncertainty surrounding their actual values.
Estimation uses estimation in calculations and determines reasonableness, as appropriate.
Estimations are acceptable on the applications.
Estimations are in the tens of millions for Web viewers and the present growth is innumerable.
Estimations include assumptions.
Estimations use methods.
Any estimation is based on some type of data.
Many estimations fall within an order of magnitude of the measured property.
Most estimations use methods.
Some estimation is necessary.
Some estimations are provided by entomologists.
Some estimations change over time.
Some estimations predict time.
Some estimations show uptake.
Estimative redundancy according to logic requires more analysis rather than the norm.
An estimator is an expert
Estimator reviews the condition of the house and prepares a description of work.
Estimator supports estimation via cost-based and historical techniques.
Estimators are no longer fond of pencils and paper.
Estimators are still linear and unbiased and consistent.
Estimators consider all the factors that can influence costs.
Estimators have different properties.
Estimators receive good salaries but are required to bring profit to the company.
Estimators use the program to list key project information at the site.
Estimators work with engineers to estimate costs.
Many estimators eventually become contractors and owners of their own companies.
Many estimators have a specialty.
Some estimators are more sensitive to the sample size and the number of simulations than others.
An estivation is an arrangement
Estivation is a kind of torpidity in very hot and dry conditions.
Estivation is a reduction in metabolism that occurs during the summer.
Estivation is also most common in adult squirrels.
Estivation is done when the temperature becomes too hot or too cold for the animal's comfort.
Estivation is similar to hibernation but desert animals estivate to escape the heat.
Estivation is similar to hibernation.
Estivation is when an animal goes into a state of low metabolism due to extreme heat.
Estivation occurs during hot, dry periods to prevent the slug from dessication.
Estivation somewhat resembles hibernation.
Estivations are arrangements.
Estivations are dormancy.
Estivations are part of flower buds.
Estonia isa thing.
Estonian artisans excel in leather goods, ceramics, wool, jewelry and wrought iron.
Estonian birds are in a constant change.
Estonian forests are a huge national asset.
Estonian girls are very good-looking.
Estonian language is likly rich in different vowels.
Estonian language sounds very nice and comfortable.
Estonian law requires bi-lingual abilities for jobs involving the public.
Estonian nature is in many cases better preserved than in many Western nations.
Estonian officials defend their pursuit of Stalinist criminals.
Estonian politicians wake to the changes too late.
Estonian railways maintain a network of train services covering most of Estonia.
Estonian students continue to wait for the collaboration of students in American schools.
Estonian summers allure visitors with their warm water-bodies and white nights.
Estonian translators contain Estonian words, Estonian currency, Estonian phrases and Estonian time.
Estonian TV is on hand, and the space is packed.
Estonian wildlife includes large mammals such as lynx, bears, wolves and elk.
ESTP hypes are good-natured problem solvers.
An estragon is a herb
Estragon goes to wipe away the tears but receives a terrible kick in the shin.
Estranged couple shoot each other at counseling session.
Estranged husbands ignore restraining orders and kill the women they supposedly love most.
Estranged wife is vindictive, threatens, and provokes constantly.
Estrogen deficiency causes the calcium to leak out or be absorbed from the bones.
Estrogen deficiency is a common feature of osteoporosis in women.
Estrogen deficiency is a key factor in the development of osteoporosis.
Estrogen deficiency is one of the main causes of osteoporosis.
Estrogen deficiency is the most common risk factor for osteoporosis in women.
Some estrogen deficiencies affect stiffness.
Estrogen dominance can affect memory, which natural progesterone cream has been shown to alleviate.
Estrogen dominance can start early on in a women's menstrual cycle.
Estrogen dominance increases the risk of breast cancer.
Estrogen dominance is the cause of the cancer growing and the inability of the body to cure it.
Estrogen dominance s sometimes the cause of cancer of the breast and uterus.
Estrogen metabolism is determined by individual biologic and genetic factors.
Estrogen receptor are proteins on the cancer surface and can be detected by pathologists.
Estrogen receptor assay A diagnostic procedure to see if a tumor s growth is dependant on estrogen.
Estrogen receptors are more highly concentrated in some areas of the body.
Estrogen receptors are protein on the cancer's surface that tends to predict prognosis.
An estrogen is a sex hormone
Estrogen decreases certainly affect serotonin transmission.
Estrogen increases calcium efflux from female porcine coronary arterial smooth muscle.
Estrogen increases female sexual initiation independent of male responsiveness in rhesus monkeys.
Estrogen increases spine density in ventromedial hypothalamic neurons of peripubertal rats.
Estrogen increases stress hormones, including adrenaline, noradrenaline, and serotonin.
Estrogen isa hormone.
Estrogen lowers significantly after menopause.
Estrogen reduces bone resorption and retards or halts postmenopausal bone loss.
Estrogen relieves hot flashes, vaginal dryness, irregular bleeding, and helps prevent osteoporosis.
Estrogen rises rapidly near midcycle only to fall just prior to ovulation.
Estrogen slows bone loss and the progression of osteoporosis.
Estrogen stimulates growth of milk ducts in the first half of the cycle.
Estrogen stimulates growth of the endometrium.
Estrogen stimulates the breast and uterus to grow, while progesterone blocks the stimulation.
Estrogen stimulates the growth of fibroid tumors so they often get bigger with pregnancy.
Estrogen stimulates the inner lining of the uterus to grow.
Estrogen stimulates the lining of the uterus to grow.
Estrogen stimulates the milk duct system to grow and differentiate.
Estrogen stimulates the normal growth of breast tissue and is naturally produced by the body.
Estrogen stimulates the production of collagen, which provides the structural support of the skin.
Estrogen stimulates the uterus to grow.
Estrogen strengthens and improves the elasticity of muscles and tissues.
Estrogen taken by mouth has to pass through the liver before reaching estrogen sensitive tissues.
Estrogen tends to cause a change in the electrical activity of the midbrain central gray.
Estrogen tends to cause salt and water retention.
Estrogen tends to make fibroids grow, which is why they tend to shrink after menopause.
Estrogen tends to thicken or toughen up the skin and provide it with a greater blood supply.
Estrogen tends to thicken or toughen up the skin, and provide it with a greater blood supply.
Estrogen treatments for hair loss attempt to elevate estrogen levels in the body.
Estrogen turns off the brains signals to make testosterone.
Estrogen works by binding to and activating an estrogen receptor protein.
Estrogen works especially well for hot flashes and vaginal dryness.
Estrogen works in conjunction with progestin to suppress ovulation, and prevent fertilization.
Estrogens affect multiple organ systems in diverse and at times antagonistic ways.
Estrogens also affect the psychologic and emotional aspects of feminine behavior.
Estrogens also affect the release of pituitary gonadotropins.
Estrogens also are female sex hormones.
Estrogens also cause early uniting of the epiphyses.
Estrogens also come in a patch and an injectable form.
Estrogens also enhance attractivity which is highest around ovulation.
Estrogens also have a profound effect on the skeleton.
Estrogens also have non-reproductive effects.
Estrogens also initiate growth and development of the mammary gland ducts.
Estrogens also mediate aspects of sexual differentiation of the hippocampus.
Estrogens also play an important role in bone maintenance and exert cardioprotective effects.
Estrogens also play an important role in early embryonic development in swine.
Estrogens also regulate the functioning of the menstrual cycle.
Estrogens are a class of hormones that are prescription anti-androgens.
Estrogens are a group of steroid hormones that primarily control reproduction in vertebrate species.
Estrogens are a major risk factor for hormone-dependent endometrial and breast cancers in women.
Estrogens are also available in combination with progesterone.
Estrogens are also helpful in the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis .
Estrogens are also important for maintaining good tissue and bone integrity.
Estrogens are also present in both sexes, but in larger amounts for women.
Estrogens are female sex hormones.
Estrogens are hormones made by the ovaries of normal women.
Estrogens are hormones produced by the ovaries of normal women.
Estrogens are hormones that are important for sexual and reproductive development, mainly in women.
Estrogens are hormones which can affect cancer growth.
Estrogens are important in maintaining healthy pelvic tissues.
Estrogens are in young women prior to menopause, at very, very high levels.
Estrogens are ineffective for the prevention or treatment of threatened or habitual abortion.
Estrogens are ineffective.
Estrogens are medicine.
Estrogens are multi-functional hormones, and one of their functions involves the bones.
Estrogens are normal hormones produced by the female body.
Estrogens are relatively contraindicated in children because estrogens promote epiphysial closure.
Estrogens are relatively contraindicated in patients with hypercalcemia.
Estrogens are secreted by follicles before ovulation.
Estrogens are sex hormones.
Estrogens are steroid hormones necessary for normal female maturation.
Estrogens are steroid hormones that promote youthful cell division in target organs of the body.
Estrogens are steroid hormones.
Estrogens are steroids.
Estrogens are strong growth promoters of normal and most cancerous breast tissue.
Estrogens are the hormones mainly responsible for female sex characteristics.
Estrogens are the powerhouse of activity.
Estrogens bind to estrogen receptors.
Estrogens bind to receptors.
Estrogens can cause amenorrhea and interfere with the effects of bromocriptine.
Estrogens can cause blood pressure elevation.
Estrogens can cause sodium and fluid retention.
Estrogens can increase calcium absorption.
Estrogens can increase or decrease the effect of protriptyline.
Estrogens can inhibit the metabolism of cyclosporine.
Estrogens cause breast growth.
Estrogens cause faster epiphyseal plate closure.
Estrogens cause growth.
Estrogens cause increased osteoblastic activity.
Estrogens cause slight growth.
Estrogens circulate in bloodstreams.
Estrogens control development.
Estrogens control growth.
Estrogens decrease both quantity and quality of milk.
Estrogens decrease the quantity and quality of breast milk.
Estrogens encourage cancer cell growth.
Estrogens encourage growth.
Estrogens have a direct toxic effect on prostate cancer.
Estrogens have a number of functions in the body.
Estrogens have both benefits and risks.
Estrogens have effects on both the ovaries and the uterus.
Estrogens have effects.
Estrogens have important benefits but also some risks.
Estrogens have positive effects.
Estrogens have positive feedback effects.
Estrogens have risks including increased clotting and breast cancer.
Estrogens have serious risks.
Estrogens have several important uses but also some risks.
Estrogens help to delay the loss of skin collagen and are therefore beneficial to the skin.
Estrogens increase gene transcription and secretion of prolactin.
Estrogens increase libido in humans and are responsible for estrous behavior in animals.
Estrogens increase the density of the breast in up to half of women.
Estrogens increase the risk of blood clotting in various parts of the body.
Estrogens increase the uterine muscle mass, excitability and responsiveness to oxytocin .
Estrogens induce the release of proteins from the liver that cause high blood pressure.
Estrogens inhibit and androgens enhance ovarian granulosa cell apoptosis.
Estrogens inhibit testicular androgen synthesis directly.
Estrogens occur naturally in several forms.
Estrogens occur naturally in women and to a lesser degree also in men.
Estrogens occur naturally in women and to a lesser degree in men.
Estrogens pass into the breast milk.
Estrogens produced by the growing follicle of the ovary stimulate the endometrium to proliferate.
Estrogens promote development.
Estrogens promote early onset and increase severity.
Estrogens promote growth and development of the vagina, uterus, fallopian tubes and breasts.
Estrogens protect against the development of coronary heart disease in women.
Estrogens reportedly increase the risk of endometrial carcinoma in postmenopausal women.
Estrogens significantly increase the risk of developing breast and ovarian cancers.
Estrogens similarly have multiple effects in females.
Estrogens stimulate breast tissue and the lining of the uterus.
Estrogens stimulate development.
Estrogens stimulate growth.
Estrogens stimulate production.
Estrogens stimulate proliferation of intrahepatic biliary epithelium in rats.
Estrogens stimulate the maturation of oocytes, and the growth of the uterine lining.
Estrogens stimulate uteruses.
Estrogens tend to be rather hydrophobic.
Estrogens work in the same way.
More estrogen improves memory and cognitive functioning.
More estrogen means a thicker lining, which causes heavier bleeding.
Most estrogens cause slight growth.
Most estrogens circulate in bloodstreams.
Most estrogens encourage growth.
Most estrogens have effects.
Most estrogens have positive effects.
Most estrogens have positive feedback effects.
Most estrogens promote development.
Some estrogen continues to be produced by the adrenals but in a lesser amount.
Some estrogens affect responses.
Some estrogens are located in mice.
Some estrogens are produced by fat tissue.
Some estrogens are produced by tissue.
Some estrogens are secreted by follicles.
Some estrogens derive from horse urine.
Some estrogens derive from pregnant horse urine.
Some estrogens derive from urine.
Some estrogens release into bile.
Any estrogenic action causes a rapid and measurable increase in uterine weight.
Estrogenic agents leach from dental sealant.
Estrogenic agents leak from dental sealant.
Estrogenic compounds can increase riding and prolapses.
Estrogenic hormones can be of benefit to women following menopause.
An estrone is an oestrogen
Estrone appears to increase risk of breast cancer.
Estrone does the same work that estradiol does, but it is considered weaker in it s effects.
Estrone increases the activity of osteoblasts, the cells that build bones.
Estrone is a precursor to estradiol.
Estrone is a relatively strong estrogen.
Estrone is another estrogen that occurs naturally in the human body.
Estrone is converted from estradiol in the liver.
Estrone is easy to get.
Estrone is much less potent than estradiol but has the same function.
Estrone is produced by the fatty tissues.
Estrone is the estrogen most commonly found in increased amounts in post menopausal women.
Estrone is the hormone thought to be responsible for breast cancer.
Estrone is the oxidized form of estradiol.
Estrone is thought to be the estrogen primarily responsible for breast cancer.
Estrones are drugs.
Estrones are estrogens.
Most estrone is formed in peripheral tissue from androgens secreted by ad.
Estrous cycles are associated with more pronounced behavioral cycles than are menstrual cycles.
Estrous cycles stop after conception.
Estrous detection is the number one problem.
Estrous females are receptive to males until either pregnancy or pseudo-pregnancy occurs.
Estrous females gather at traditional places separate from pregnant females.
Estuary beaches are also prime locations.
Estuary ecology Go.
Estuary ecosystems are influenced by the input of salt water through ocean inlets.
Estuary fish are also plentiful.
Estuary mouths are especially good around Easter, when the mullet are running.
Estuary plans provide a framework for permit decisions.
Estuary shallows attract semipalmated plovers, black turnstones, killdeer, and other shorebirds.
Estuary specialists are well catered for.
Estuary systems involve far more than just water.
Estuary water has many sources, and is often contaminated by pollutants.
An estuary is water
Estuaries act as a buffer between the ocean and the land.
Estuaries also feed our hearts and minds.
Estuaries also have economic, recreational, and aesthetic value.
Estuaries also make good economic sense.
Estuaries also provide protected transportation routes for cargo ships and barges.
Estuaries also provide vital breeding and feeding grounds for many birds.
Estuaries also reduce polluted runoff, control flooding, and support birds, fish and other wildlife.
Estuaries are a critical source for much of our ocean life.
Estuaries are a popular recreational destination.
Estuaries are a primary nursery ground for many coastal fishes.
Estuaries are a special end member of lagoons.
Estuaries are A. very diverse, but none of the species is very abundant.
Estuaries are also home to a number of plants, trees and seagrasses.
Estuaries are also home to ports and marinas that support shipping and other industrial activities.
Estuaries are also important for aquaculture, an industry that is just twenty years old in Maine.
Estuaries are also important homes for fishes, snails, crabs, clams, and baby animals called larvae.
Estuaries are also near shore and influenced by the tides .
Estuaries are also popular places to live, work, and enjoy outdoor activities.
Estuaries are also sensitive to alteration and reduction of stream flow.
Estuaries are among the most biologically productive areas in the world.
Estuaries are among the most biologically productive on Earth.
Estuaries are among the most productive ecosystems in the world for plant and animal production.
Estuaries are among the most productive ecosystems in the world.
Estuaries are among the most productive ecosystems.
Estuaries are among the most productive natural places on earth.
Estuaries are among the most productive parts of the marine ecosystem.
Estuaries are an interface between the continents and the oceans.
Estuaries are areas of water and shoreline typically found where rivers meet the ocean.
Estuaries are areas where fresh and salt water mix to form brackish water.
Estuaries are areas where freshwater meets saltwater referred to as brackish water.
Estuaries are areas where streams or rivers flow into the ocean.
Estuaries are at the bottom of the freshwater drainage network and, effectively, are a part of it.
Estuaries are bays where rivers empty into the sea.
Estuaries are between the rivers, mainland, and ocean.
Estuaries are bodies of water.
Estuaries are chemically and hydrologically different from lakes and rivers.
Estuaries are coastal areas where fresh and salt waters mix.
Estuaries are coastal areas where sea water mixes with fresh water, primarily from rivers.
Estuaries are complex, with a wide variety of environments that are constantly changing.
Estuaries are critical for the survival of many species.
Estuaries are critically important throughout the seatrout's life history.
Estuaries are defined as the mouth of the river where the river's tide meets a stream.
Estuaries are delicate ecosystems.
Estuaries are economically important.
Estuaries are essential habitats for both aquatic and land plants and animals.
Estuaries are essential to our nation's economic productivity.
Estuaries are exciting habitats and full of interest throughout the year.
Estuaries are extreme environments.
Estuaries are extremely productive ecosystems.
Estuaries are extremely rich and diverse.
Estuaries are formed when the saltwater mixes with freshwater.
Estuaries are highly variable in physical, chemical, and biological properties.
Estuaries are home to a fascinating variety of living organisms.
Estuaries are important areas for commercial and recreational boating activities .
Estuaries are important coastal features, world-wide.
Estuaries are important for the health of the oceans.
Estuaries are important habitat areas for salmon.
Estuaries are important nurseries for fish and other aquatic life.
Estuaries are important nurseries for the young of aquatic animals.
Estuaries are important nurseries for two-thirds of all aquatic animals.
Estuaries are important nursery grounds for fish.
Estuaries are important nursery grounds for two-thirds of all animals that live in the sea.
Estuaries are incredibly productive feeding and breeding grounds for many animals.
Estuaries are known to be very productive.
Estuaries are lochs.
Estuaries are more diverse than any other marine environment.
Estuaries are natural things.
Estuaries are nutrient rich and very fertile.
Estuaries are of critical importance throughout spotted seatrout life history.
Estuaries are often at the heart of local economies and traditions.
Estuaries are one of the coastal areas most at risk in our region from human activities.
Estuaries are part fresh river and stream water, part salty oceanic water.
Estuaries are part of rivers.
Estuaries are partially enclosed bodies of water that flow into an open sea or ocean.
Estuaries are partially enclosed bodies of water where fresh water and salt water mix.
Estuaries are partially enclosed regions where fresh and salt water meet.
Estuaries are particularly sensitive to the effects of toxic chemicals.
Estuaries are places at the mouth of a river where fresh water and salt water mix.
Estuaries are places where fresh water from rivers mix with saltwater.
Estuaries are places where fresh water meets and mixes with ocean salt water.
Estuaries are places where fresh water mixes with salty water from the sea.
Estuaries are places where rivers meet the sea.
Estuaries are prime habitat for species coveted by commercial fishermen.
Estuaries are probably the most important area, and also the most delicate and affected.
Estuaries are regions along coastlines where streams or rivers flow into a body of salt water.
Estuaries are rich in animal life and are often a protected area where organisms seek refuge.
Estuaries are rich marine ecosystems that are created when freshwater mixes with saltwater.
Estuaries are river mouths.
Estuaries are semi or partially enclosed bodies of water where seawater and freshwater mix.
Estuaries are semi-enclosed bodies of water where fresh water from the land mixes with sea water.
Estuaries are semi-enclosed embayments open to the sea at one end.
Estuaries are short-lived geologically and soon fill with sediment.
Estuaries are some of the most dramatic boundaries on Earth.
Estuaries are some of the most productive ecosystems in the world.
Estuaries are some of the most productive fisheries in the world.
Estuaries are some of the most productive habitats in the world.
Estuaries are spatially and temporally dynamic systems.
Estuaries are special water bodies that are open connections to the sea.
Estuaries are special.
Estuaries are subject to wide fluctuations in salinity.
Estuaries are the best known.
Estuaries are the lower part of the river where it meets the Gulf waters.
Estuaries are the most popular fishing grounds in the country.
Estuaries are the most productive ecosystems in nature.
Estuaries are the most productive water bodies in the world.
Estuaries are the site of reproduction for many aquatic organisms and waterfowl.
Estuaries are the zones where fresh and saltwater mix.
Estuaries are transition zones between saltwater and freshwater ecosystems.
Estuaries are transitional zones that encompass a wide variety of environments.
Estuaries are unique ecosystems where rivers meet the sea and fresh water mixes with salt.
Estuaries are very important to the lives of many animal species.
Estuaries are very productive zones in the life cycles of most seafood species.
Estuaries are vigorous, vital ecosystems where plant species survive and thrive.
Estuaries are vital components of the planet's ecosystem.
Estuaries are vital habitats for thousands of marine species.
Estuaries are vulnerable to the introduction of a wide variety of toxic substances .
Estuaries are waste processors.
Estuaries are water.
Estuaries are where freshwater from the land mixes with saltwater from the sea.
Estuaries are where rivers and streams meet the ocean.
Estuaries are where rivers discharge into the sea.
Estuaries are where rivers meet the sea and fresh water mixes with salt water.
Estuaries are where the river meets the ocean.
Estuaries are where the rivers meet the sea.
Estuaries can be large, as is the Hudson River.
Estuaries can filter sediment and pollutants from the water before it flows into the oceans.
Estuaries can have many different types of habitat.
Estuaries come in all shapes and sizes and go by many different names.
Estuaries come in all shapes and sizes, each unique to their location and climate.
Estuaries covers a broad range of disciplines, including chemistry, geology, physics and biology.
Estuaries depend on freshwater inflow for their ecological functioning.
Estuaries differ from rivers in many regards.
Estuaries display characteristics of both marine and freshwater biomes.
Estuaries do far more for our economy than supporting industries and providing jobs.
Estuaries form a transition zone between river environments and maritime environments.
Estuaries form where rivers widen at the coast.
Estuaries function as nursery grounds for a variety of species of juvenile fishes and invertebrates.
Estuaries have a historical and cultural significance.
Estuaries have access to the ocean, so they are influenced by the tides.
Estuaries have economic, recreational, and aesthetic value.
Estuaries have high production for organisms that can tolerate changing salinity.
Estuaries have important commercial and recreational value.
Estuaries have important commercial value.
Estuaries have many different types of habitats, vital to many important species of fish.
Estuaries have some of the worst pollution problems of any coastal ecosystem.
Estuaries help protect costal land from flooding and erosion.
Estuaries here are generally broad and shallow, flanked by extensive marshlands.
Estuaries lie at the junction between marine and freshwater biomes.
Estuaries named for Celtic heroes, on the other hand, are peaceful and easily navigated.
Estuaries occur when rivers flow into a coastal bay or inlet.
Estuaries occur where a river empties into the sea.
Estuaries occur where rivers meet the sea and many are now important conservation reserves.
Estuaries possess oysters.
Estuaries provide a broad range of conditions that call for tough, adaptable species.
Estuaries provide a habitat where numerous fish and crustaceans breed.
Estuaries provide a lot of food and nutrients to the developing salmon.
Estuaries provide a place where young animals can grow up.
Estuaries provide a wide range of habitats leading to a great diversity of marine life.
Estuaries provide environments.
Estuaries provide far more than just a recreational and commercial fishing industry.
Estuaries provide good quality water.
Estuaries provide habitats.
Estuaries provide ideal spots for migratory birds to rest and refuel during their journeys.
Estuaries provide sanctuary from the harsh action of ocean currents and waves.
Estuaries provide shelter.
Estuaries provide survival.
Estuaries provide unique environments.
Estuaries provide water.
Estuaries provides crucial adjustment habitat for salmon leaving and entering the river.
Estuaries reflect the overall health of a watershed.
Estuaries serve as breeding sites and nurseries for thousands of marine animal species.
Estuaries serve as nurseries for many marine species.
Estuaries serve as the nursery grounds for shrimp, crab, oysters and the many types of finfish.
Estuaries suffer some of the worst effects of water and air pollution.
Estuaries supply a significant amount of N and P to open waters.
Estuaries support a diverse fauna, including a variety of worms, oysters, crabs, and waterfowl.
Estuaries support many resident species.
Estuaries teem with a variety of plant and animal life.
Estuaries tend to be naturally eutrophic because land runoff discharges nutrients into estuaries.
Estuaries transform with the tides.
Estuary isa waters.
Estuaries often have ports serving shipping, transportation, and industry.
Estuaries often serve as nurseries for young marine animals.
Estuaries usually exhibit gradual changes in salinity as freshwater input increases or decreases.
Every estuary is different.
Every estuary is unique, yet all estuaries share certain features.
Many estuaries have volunteer programs.
Many estuaries produce more harvestable human food per acre than the best midwestern farmland.
Most estuaries are part of rivers.
Most estuaries form along coastlines where freshwater in rivers meets saltwater in oceans.
Most estuaries possess oysters.
Most estuaries provide environments.
Most estuaries provide good quality water.
Most estuaries provide habitats.
Most estuaries provide shelter.
Most estuaries provide survival.
Most estuaries provide unique environments.
Most estuaries provide water.
Some estuaries are very large .
Some estuaries are very large.
Some estuaries cause health problems.
Some estuaries cause problems.
Some estuaries provide beds.
Some estuaries provide necessary food resources.
Some estuaries provide necessary resources.
Some estuaries provide resources.
Esusu members pool their money and each member takes a turn drawing from the accumulation.
An eta is a letter
ETAs allow recipients to receive their Federal payments and access their accounts electronically.
Etas are aircrafts.
ETAs are available both for holidays and short-term business purposes.
ETAs are available for tourism and business purposes.
ETAs are available for tourism and short stay business purposes.
ETAs are available from travel agencies and airline reservation desks.
ETAs are currently available.
Etas are letters.
ETAs help Korean English teachers in Korean secondary schools, usually outside of Seoul.
ETAs save the government money because it's cheaper to pay electronically than to mail paper checks.
An etagere is furniture
Etageres are another way to divide a room.
Etak maps cover the United States and Great Britain.
Etak maps cover the United States and mainland Great Britain.
An etanercept is a drug
Etanercept acts to reduce arthritis symptoms by inhibiting prostaglandin synthesis.
Etanercept also shows fewer side effects than the current best medicine.
Etanercept is available for oral use.
Etanercept is contraindicated in patients with sepsis.
Etanercept is currently available as an injection only.
Etanercept is given by injection under the skin twice a week.
Etanercept is given by injection, twice weekly.
Etanercepts are drugs.
Etch glass has appearances.
Etch glass has frost appearances.
Most etch glass has appearances.
Most etch glass has frost appearances.
Etchable shapes are, generally, any configuration larger than the thickness of the material.
Etched brass has some patina, wear, but condition is excellent overall.
Etched brass is included for necessary parts, but most detail is cast in the mold.
Etched brass is very extensive, consisting of two large frets.
Etched structures are effective only for wavelengths smaller than their surface features.
An etching is an engraving
Etching allows for a freer artistic hand than does engraving.
Etching are engravings.
Etching are graphics.
Etching are parts.
Etching are work of art.
Etching can personalize awards, ashtrays, punch bowls or almost any item made of glass.
Etching can play many roles in the commercial use of glass work.
Etching happens when acid in some form comes in contact with a polished marble or limestone surface.
Etching has a strong, clean image.
Etching has three vertical folds to fit book size, wide margins and a strong impression.
Etching has vertical folds to fit book size.
Etching has water stains in the lower part of title and in the upper left corner.
Etching includes line cauterization, dry etching, and deep cauterization.
Etching is a art that requires much experimenting and experience.
Etching is a beautifully subtle and rich printmaking process.
Etching is a long and complex process.
Etching is a safe, modern, esthetic version of the ancient art form of scarification.
Etching is achieved using a two-part aqueous solution.
Etching is also available on most products and can be done inside the bore, outside, or both.
Etching is an art process that involves a sheet of copper that is coated with a resist.
Etching is created by washing out the blocked areas with tap water.
Etching is impossible to remove without damaging the glass.
Etching is in good condition - some mold on the matting.
Etching is included.
Etching is one of the oldest art printing forms.
Etching is the method of using a metal plate to make prints.
Etching is the next process that is required.
Etching is the process of chemically removing the unwanted copper from a plated board.
Etching is used in the maker s mark and for some cosmetic enhancement.
Etching is used in the maker's mark and for some cosmetic enhancement.
Etching reveals the microstructure of a material by selective dissolution of the structure.
Etching takes the profit out of car theft.
Etching uses a chemical to burn vehicle identification numbers into glass or metal.
Etchings differ mainly from engravings in that they allow a freer line to be made than engravings.
All etching is accomplished on flat surfaces.
All etching is handcrafted locally using percise laser technology.
All etchings also show scattered foxing, mostly in the margins.
Any etching requires the area to be resurfaced.
Eternal being is beyond our capacity to imagine or conceive in terms that are positive.
Eternal bliss is great nirvana.
Eternal boredom is the price of vigilance.
Eternal creation admits to no antecedental causation.
Eternal damnation is a state
Eternal damnation is an ungodly doctrine, a terror and nightmare for ages.
Eternal death is the consequence of sin.
Eternal deaths means that they are separately and singly forever.
Eternal despair is close by.
Eternal destinies are at stake.
Eternal dews come down in drops.
Eternal distress lies at the door.
Eternal duration is promised no more to men's works than to men.
Eternal fire is real.
Eternal fire means burning until consumed.
Eternal gifts require eternal responses.
Eternal glory be to the Blessed Trinity.
Eternal goals are possible only through eternal investment.
Eternal happiness is an ever-growing quantity.
Eternal happiness is just a dollar away.
Eternal happiness is rhubarb tart.
Eternal inflation implies that the universe as a whole is immortal.
Eternal interval is conserved.
Eternal issues are at stake here.
Eternal issues are at stake.
Eternal justice is the correlative of eternal love.
Eternal law governs morality and nature.
Eternal lessons seem to require hard places.
Eternal life comes only as a gift.
Eternal life demands a selfless love.
Eternal life enables people to overcome selfishness.
Eternal life encompasses body and soul.
Eternal life gives meaning to life.
Eternal life gives purpose to physical life.
Eternal life has no ending.
Eternal life has to do with a quality of being.
Eternal life is a family matter regarding the inheritance.
Eternal life is a free gift, but it was purchased at a very high price.
Eternal life is a free gift.
Eternal life is a gift.
Eternal life is a huge carrot.
Eternal life is a major theme in John.
Eternal life is a present.
Eternal life is a wonderful experience.
Eternal life is abundant.
Eternal life is an absolute for everyone.
Eternal life is an infinite gift.
Eternal life is animation.
Eternal life is both qualitative as well as quantitative.
Eternal life is by grace through faith.
Eternal life is by grace.
Eternal life is considered a present reality.
Eternal life is defined as 'eternal bliss in Hereafter'.
Eternal life is equally dependent upon that food which endures forever.
Eternal life is essentially an attribute of love.
Eternal life is eternal.
Eternal life is exactly that - eternal.
Eternal life is filled with righteousness, peace, and joy.
Eternal life is free.
Eternal life is given by a gift.
Eternal life is in two four s or two creations one natural and one spiritual.
Eternal life is just around the corner.
Eternal life is just that eternal.
Eternal life is key.
Eternal life is life
Eternal life is like a living water, like a drink of water from a brook or from a fountain.
Eternal life is more important than temporal life.
Eternal life is more than a chronological event and change of composition.
Eternal life is now.
Eternal life is open to all who believe.
Eternal life is our goal.
Eternal life is our now and forever.
Eternal life is pictured as a big wedding feast, with the finest of foods and wines.
Eternal life is qualitative more than quantitative.
Eternal life is relatively easy to obtain.
Eternal life is salvation.
Eternal life is singularly the most important pursuit of life.
Eternal life is the antitype of ritual observance.
Eternal life is the believer's destiny.
Eternal life is the certain consequence, or rather completion of holiness .
Eternal life is the end.
Eternal life is the experience of endless nirvana.
Eternal life is the hope and promise to all who come to faith in Jesus.
Eternal life is the present possession of our calling.
Eternal life is the real reward .
Eternal life is the real reward.
Eternal life is to gain exaltation in the highest heaven and live in the family unit .
Eternal life is too costly.
Eternal life is wonderful and marvelous.
Eternal life is worth a life's battle.
Eternal life is, in truth, a gift.
Eternal life makes a difference in our lives even before death.
Eternal life requires forgiveness of sin.
Eternal life starts today.
Eternal life waits to become someone's award.
Eternal lives are at stake.
Eternal memberships last the member's lifetime.
Eternal memory is but a mist covered trail.
Eternal optimism is an unbelievably powerful force.
Eternal optimism is part and parcel of being Canadian.
Eternal optimism is the second view of life.
Eternal peace is where faith, love, and hope are to be enjoyed, such as in The City of God.
Eternal punishment is a far-cry more horrendous than cancer, folks.
Eternal punishment is likened unto setting fire to dry leaf.
Eternal punishment is offered to the latter, but re-creation in a new life to the former.
Eternal recurrence is the only notion that expresses absolute control of the universe over itself.
Eternal return implies that history repeats itself in a literal sense.
Eternal rewards are by labor of love, But eternal life is a gift from above.
Eternal salvation is a free gift.
Eternal salvation is all or nothing.
Eternal salvation is the expressed common goal for all religious.
Eternal salvation is unmerited.
Eternal security is a community project.
Eternal security is an important dimension of the gospel message.
Eternal security is the queen of Bible doctrines.
Eternal souls are at stake.
Eternal souls hang in the balance.
Eternal spring comes today.
Eternal struggle is the price for survival.
Eternal struggle is the price of survival.
Eternal summer is a good idea.
Eternal things are important.
Eternal torment demands that it be black.
Eternal torment is limited to the age-times or eonian times.
Eternal torment makes the judging futile and foolish.
Eternal truth needs a human language that alters with the spirit of the times.
Eternal truths apply throughout the universe without exception.
Eternal truths are never true at any given moment in history.
Eternal values equal eternal life.
Eternal vigilance is absolutely essential to guard against the opening of the floodgates of imports.
Eternal vigilance is essential in politics as well as the defense of freedom.
Eternal vigilance is increasingly the price of the computer age.
Eternal vigilance is inherently a personal matter.
Eternal vigilance is joined to solidarity in faith, resulting in a strong religious community.
Eternal vigilance is key.
Eternal vigilance is no less important in the courtroom than it is for the preservation of liberty.
Eternal vigilance is required.
Eternal vigilance is still the price of liberty.
Eternal vigilance is the price for the liberty of Internet commerce.
Eternal vigilance is the price of an obedient dog or a well-behaved online vendor.
Eternal vigilance is the price of contentment, too.
Eternal vigilance is the price of doing business in today s regulatory environment.
Eternal vigilance is the price of everything .
Eternal vigilance is the price of freedom from malaria and from mosqitoes.
Eternal vigilance is the price of freedom to drink.
Eternal vigilance is the price of freedom, as someone said once.
Eternal vigilance is the price of freedom, they proclaim.
Eternal vigilance is the price of freedom.
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty power is ever stealing from the many to the few . . .
Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.
Eternal vigilance is the price of our freedom.
Eternal vigilance is the price of repression.
Eternal vigilance is the price of safety.
Eternal vigilance is the price of security.
Eternal vigilance is the price of spotting a mako, porbeagle or thresher.
Eternal vigilance is the price of success.
Eternal vigilance is the price of that as of every other political good.
Eternal vigilance is the price of, etc.
Eternal vigilance is the price to be paid for liberty and freedom.
Eternal vigilance is the price, etc.
Eternal vigilance is, after all, the price of freedom.
Much eternal wisdom is concealed under the surface of their myths.
Eternal youth is a burden.
Eternal youth is our motive.
Eternities depend on it.
Eternity also speaks in silence, enveloping the beloved in timeless truth.
Eternity becomes a knowable concept.
Eternity belongs to the sea.
Eternity can be a cruel thing.
Eternity can wait.
Eternity defines what is temporal.
Eternity exists and consequently eternal being exists as well.
Eternity features markets, a newsletter, contests, fiction and articles about the craft of writing.
Eternity forms a spiral.
Eternity goes on forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever . . . . . . . .
Eternity has dropped down in a body called time, then it goes right back up into eternity again.
Eternity has no beginning, and no end.
Eternity has no end.
Eternity has no measure.
Eternity has nothing to do with time.
Eternity has one dimension more than time.
Eternity has only one dimension - it exists.
Eternity has two.
Eternity helps families plan, share and save.
Eternity is a beginning with no end.
Eternity is a blue bottle dancing around In silver shoes.
Eternity is a child at play, playing draughts.
Eternity is a dense, powerful story set in near-contempory Moscow.
Eternity is a fresh, floral fragrance.
Eternity is a game for one to four players, human or computer.
Eternity is a hard thing to imagine.
Eternity is a long long time.
Eternity is a long time to be wrong and hell is a terrible place to be forever.
Eternity is a long time to be wrong.
Eternity is a long time to live with ashes.
Eternity is a long time to regret a lifetime of fostering confusion and division.
Eternity is a long time.
Eternity is a long, long time . . .
Eternity is a long, long time.
Eternity is a love story.
Eternity is a mere moment, just long enough for a joke.
Eternity is a never-ending, infinite line.
Eternity is a plain.
Eternity is a question.
Eternity is a really long time.
Eternity is a terrible though.
Eternity is a terrible thought.
Eternity is a very long time.
Eternity is ahead.
Eternity is always . . .
Eternity is an accessory.
Eternity is an excellent novel and the start of what promises to be a great series.
Eternity is an existence without beginning or end.
Eternity is at hand.
Eternity is at stake, on the one hand, and a spiritually successful life on the other.
Eternity is at stake.
Eternity is being.
Eternity is both an entertaining tale and an intimate view of a fascinating life.
Eternity is citizenship.
Eternity is defined as an unfunny comedy.
Eternity is different now.
Eternity is eternally the now moment.
Eternity is ever-changing matter.
Eternity is far more important than time on earth.
Eternity is far too long an experience to be wrong.
Eternity is forever.
Eternity is here and now.
Eternity is ignorance's course.
Eternity is in love with the productions of time.
Eternity is in view.
Eternity is infinite, it has no end.
Eternity is Jerusalem.
Eternity is just ahead, a life of joys and truth.
Eternity is just that, and is a force of reality.
Eternity is just time on an ego trip.
Eternity is long and, sometimes, wide.
Eternity Is Long.
Eternity is made up of ages, and ages of generations.
Eternity is never boring, banal or obvious.
Eternity is never more than a heartbeat away, never farther in the future than one's own death.
Eternity is nothing but good news for the saved.
Eternity is now . . .
Eternity is now ongoing.
Eternity is now.
Eternity is Now.
Eternity is opposed to time.
Eternity is our brief glimpse of ever.
Eternity is over and under, before and after, in and around and through time.
Eternity is past, Wrong is right.
Eternity is patient and kind.
Eternity is primary.
Eternity is reality.
Eternity is so eternal, so terribly final, so completely forever.
Eternity is so long.
Eternity is still the same.
Eternity is sure and everlasting.
Eternity is the perfect fragrance for any romantic, casual or special occasions.
Eternity is the present moment.
Eternity is the present, the now that never ends.
Eternity is thus both prophetic and compassionate.
Eternity is time intervals.
Eternity is time
Eternity is time.
Eternity is timeless and present all the time.
Eternity is too long to be wrong.
Eternity is too long, too big, too important, to enter unprepared.
Eternity is too real, too long.
Eternity is too short To utter all thy praise.
Eternity is what it says.
Eternity is what really matters.
Eternity is written upon the frontispiece of it.
Eternity just is.
Eternity lies in bottomless reservoirs . . . .
Eternity means forever.
Eternity means no beginning, end or change.
Eternity means that some things are changing all the time.
Eternity moves through time, and immortality is an ever-present potential.
Eternity never ends.
Eternity rests upon the answer.
Eternity seems forever but forever does exsist.
Eternity stretches for aeons to come.
Eternity transcends time.
Eternity works no transformations so as to make a new creature of a man.
Eternity's a long time.
All eternity hinges on that event.
Etesian winds flow from a high pressure ridge over the Balkans toward the trough.
Ethacrynic acid can displace warfarin from plasma protein.
Ethacrynic acid increases facility of outflow in the human eye in vitro.
Ethacrynic acid induces reversible shape and cytoskeletal changes in cultured cells.
Ethacrynic acid is a water pill
Ethane isa compound.
Ethane isa hydrocarbon.
Ethanol abuse is the most common cause.
Ethanol alcohol creates that wonderful smell of freshly baked bread that is so enticing.
Ethanol alcohol is the most common type of alcohol used.
Ethanol fuel is manufactured from corn and grain sorghum.
Ethanol fuel is produced by a fermentation and distillation process that converts sugars to alcohol.
Ethanol fuels are clean-burning, providing reduced emissions from cars, trucks, and buses.
Many ethanol plants use income from selling distillers grains to increase returns to the plant.
Most ethanol plants use a molecular sieve to capture the last bit of water in the ethanol.
An ethanol is alcohol
Ethanol acts as a drug affecting the central nervous system.
Ethanol acts directly as a flavour compound, providing beer with warming and vinous notes.
Ethanol also costs about twice as much as diesel fuel.
Ethanol also has a place in modern society too.
Ethanol also has the equally important value of reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Ethanol also is exceedingly corrosive, causing handling and storage challenges.
Ethanol also results in reduced greenhouse gas emissions compared to petroleum-based alternatives.
Ethanol appears to affect various neurotransmitters.
Ethanol blocks alcohol dehydrogenase activity.
Ethanol can also be extremely toxic to parrots.
Ethanol can also form esters with inorganic acids.
Ethanol can also help lower mobile-source carbon monoxide emissions.
Ethanol can also help reduce our growing dependence on gasoline made from foreign oil.
Ethanol can also reduce carbon dioxide, a major contributor to global warming.
Ethanol can also require considerable energy to produce and requires significant land.
Ethanol can cause excessive fatigue and reduce the strength and stamina which takes away ambition.
Ethanol can cause excessive fatigue and reduces the strength and stamina which takes away ambition.
Ethanol can contribute to energy and environmental goals.
Ethanol can either be mixed with gasoline to yield gasohol or be turned into gin.
Ethanol can loosen contaminants and residues that have been deposited by previous gasoline fills.
Ethanol comes from corn.
Ethanol competes with alcohol dehydrogenase to prevent the formation of the toxic metabolites.
Ethanol contains about one-third less energy per gallon than gasoline.
Ethanol contains moderate concentrations of sulphur, thus it negatively impacts the environment.
Ethanol contains NO sulphur.
Ethanol contains oxygen, which provides a cleaner and more efficient burn of the fuel.
Ethanol costs almost twice as much as regular gasoline to produce yet creates less power.
Ethanol costs more to make than gasoline.
Ethanol costs more to manufacture and evaporates more quickly.
Ethanol creates American jobs .
Ethanol currently accounts for the largest industrial use of U.S. corn.
Ethanol decreases elimination of abacavir, resulting in a modest increase in drug exposure.
Ethanol depresses neuronal excitability.
Ethanol does receive handsome tax incentives.
Ethanol down regulates the transcription of the microsomal triglyceride transfer protein gene.
Ethanol dramatically reduces carbon monoxide, one of the ozone-forming chemicals.
Ethanol enhances the behavioral effects of cocaine at very low doses.
Ethanol enhances the hemodynamic effects of felodipine.
Ethanol exacerbates behavioral and neurochemical effects of rat spinal cord trauma.
Ethanol extracts the chlorophyll.
Ethanol has a greater impact than merely providing energy for our nation.
Ethanol has a slight fruity odour.
Ethanol has an additive effect on psychomotor performance when given with zolpidem.
Ethanol has detrimental effects on visual behavior.
Ethanol has less energy content than gasoline.
Ethanol has many potential benefits.
Ethanol has no profitable value on the free market.
Ethanol has several effects on the heart.
Ethanol has the advantage for fleet operators of requiring few engine modifications.
Ethanol has the greatest near term potential, especially in terms of volume.
Ethanol helps keep the air clean and supporting it is good environmental policy.
Ethanol helps our farmers and makes our air cleaner.
Ethanol helps prevent wintertime problems by acting as a gas-line antifreeze.
Ethanol helps to reduce CO tailpipe emissions from older vehicles.
Ethanol improves air quality because it lowers toxic pollutants in vehicle exhausts.
Ethanol improves air quality while protecting water quality.
Ethanol increases hepatocyte water volume.
Ethanol increases oxygen consumption in normal subjects and to a greater extent in alcoholics.
Ethanol increases the energy value of gasoline and helps it to burn more cleanly.
Ethanol inhibits a specific nucleoside uptake system.
Ethanol inhibits basal and flow -induced vascular smooth muscle cell migration in vitro.
Ethanol inhibits human sperm motility, mouse in vitro fertilization and embryo growth in vitro.
Ethanol inhibits production of messenger ribonucleic acid for k -chain in stimulated B lymphocytes.
Ethanol inhibits the intestinal transport of biotin and decreases plasma levels.
Ethanol interferes with carbohydrate energy metabolism.
Ethanol is a biomass energy, meaning it is made from organic material, such as corn.
Ethanol is a by-product of fermentation by yeast.
Ethanol is a byproduct of the metabolic process of yeast.
Ethanol is a cleaner burning fuel than gasoline, making it the focus of emissions testing.
Ethanol is a cleaner fuel than gasoline and is a renewable energy source.
Ethanol is a colorless, odorless hydrocarbon that is both water and lipid-soluble.
Ethanol is a colourless liquid at room temperature.
Ethanol is a corn based alternative fuel.
Ethanol is a corn-based fuel that is clean and good for car engines and also cheaper.
Ethanol is a corn-based gasoline substitute.
Ethanol is a detergent and has the ability to absorb water.
Ethanol is a domestic, renewable fuel that is used as a high-quality octane enhancer.
Ethanol is a domestically produced, renewable fuel.
Ethanol is a form of alcohol that can be burned in engines just like gasoline.
Ethanol is a form of alcohol, derived from corn, which can be mixedwith gasoline and used for fuel.
Ethanol is a form of liquid fuel produced from grains, wood or other vegetation.
Ethanol is a fuel derived from corn.
Ethanol is a fuel made of corn.
Ethanol is a fuel with future vision.
Ethanol is a gasoline additive that reduces air pollution.
Ethanol is a grain alcohol.
Ethanol is a grain based alcohol and methanol is ether based.
Ethanol is a liquid alcohol that can be made from corn, grains or agricultural waste .
Ethanol is a major factor underlying cancer morbidity.
Ethanol is a member of the Alkane acids.
Ethanol is a national security issue.
Ethanol is a neutral solution and shows negative results for all acid tests.
Ethanol is a non-electrolyte, for example.
Ethanol is a nonselective central nervous system depressant.
Ethanol is a poor base.
Ethanol is a product that deserves our support.
Ethanol is a proven, safe and effective oxygenate for gasoline.
Ethanol is a renewable fuel produced primarily from corn and grain sorghum.
Ethanol is a renewable resource that is produced when corn is fermented.
Ethanol is a renewable resource unlike fossil fuels, which have a finite supply.
Ethanol is a renewable resource.
Ethanol is a renewable, clean burning motor fuel.
Ethanol is a significant environmental agent that causes birth defects in humans.
Ethanol is a teratogen.
Ethanol is a toxic, flammable liquid.
Ethanol is a type of alcohol made by fermenting plant material, such as starch and sugar crops.
Ethanol is a type of alcohol made by fermenting plant material.
Ethanol is a versatile liquid fuel and can easily be utilized within the existing infrastructure.
Ethanol is a very high octane fuel, replacing lead as an octane enhancer in gasoline.
Ethanol is a very misunderstood alternative fuel.
Ethanol is a very special and widely used substance.
Ethanol is a volatile , flammable , colorless liquid with a slight chemical odor.
Ethanol is a volatile, colorless liquid that has a slight odor.
Ethanol is a win-win proposal for our environment, farmers and long term economic growth.
Ethanol is a win-win solution.
Ethanol is added and the test tube is shaken.
Ethanol is added to gasoline to reduce vehicle tailpipe emissions that contribute to air pollution.
Ethanol is affordable and abundant.
Ethanol is alcohol made from plants and grain.
Ethanol is also a great deal price-wise.
Ethanol is also a liquid alcohol fuel that is manufactured mainly from corn.
Ethanol is also an effective tool for reducing air toxics.
Ethanol is also flammable.
Ethanol is also good for rural areas.
Ethanol is an alcohol and has an -OH group.
Ethanol is an alcohol commonly used in automobiles as a gasoline replacement.
Ethanol is an alcohol fuel derived from corn.
Ethanol is an alcohol produced from agricultural products, such as sugar cane or corn.
Ethanol is an alcohol produced from starch and sugar crops.
Ethanol is an alcohol product produced from the starch portion of a kernel of corn.
Ethanol is an alcohol, the same found in beer and wine.
Ethanol is an alternative fuel made from corn, which burns more cleanly than oil.
Ethanol is an alternative, renewable source for fuels.
Ethanol is an antidote for methanol toxicity in humans.
Ethanol is an essential component of agriculture in Illinois.
Ethanol is an excellent fuel that integrates with current transportation systems.
Ethanol is an important part of the reformulated gasoline program in the country.
Ethanol is an oxygenate which causes gasoline to burn cleaner.
Ethanol is an oxygenate, a chemical that adds oxygen to fuel to make it burn more cleanly.
Ethanol is an oxygenate, a substance that adds oxygen to gasoline to make it burn more cleanly.
Ethanol is an oxygenate, meaning that it adds oxygen to the fuel mixture.
Ethanol is another transportation fuel.
Ethanol is another.
Ethanol is available for use in vehicles today.
Ethanol is banned throughout the United States thanks to, of all things, a Constitutional amendment.
Ethanol is blended with gasoline to make it burn cleaner.
Ethanol is both abundant and affordable.
Ethanol is classified as a teratogen .
Ethanol is completely miscible in water.
Ethanol is corrosive, and can damage pipelines.
Ethanol is dangerous partly because it is weak.
Ethanol is denatured with methanol.
Ethanol is derived from corn and is used an additive in gasoline.
Ethanol is derived from plant cellulose.
Ethanol is ethyl alcohol.
Ethanol is extremely important to corn growers throughout the state.
Ethanol is flammable so keep away from open flames.
Ethanol is flammable, so keep it away from open flames.
Ethanol is flammable.
Ethanol is found in a variety of commonly used products from libations to gasoline.
Ethanol is found in many prescription medications as a solvent.
Ethanol is generally good as a washing solution, except that isopropanol is cheaper.
Ethanol is good for America s independence from foreign oil.
Ethanol is good for America's energy independence from foreign sources of oil.
Ethanol is good for America's independence from foreign oil.
Ethanol is good for consumers, farmers, taxpayers, energy security and the environment.
Ethanol is good for farmers and city dwellers.
Ethanol is good for farmers and jobs in rural America.
Ethanol is good for farmers and rural America.
Ethanol is good for Illinois, farmers as well as the folks in town.
Ethanol is good for our cities.
Ethanol is good for the environment, for the economy of rural America and for energy independence.
Ethanol is good for the environment.
Ethanol is good, good, good, good.
Ethanol is high in octane and oxygen content.
Ethanol is high-grade alcohol that is usually derived from corn or wheat.
Ethanol is just one example of what is possible.
Ethanol is just one type of alcohol, but it's the only one that can be safely consumed by humans.
Ethanol is just part of a very complex bio-based production and utilization system.
Ethanol is just the vessel.
Ethanol is known to destroy lipid-enveloped viruses.
Ethanol is known to readily biodegrade under a variety of aerobic and anaerobic conditions.
Ethanol is less volatile than gasoline, so the engine can be difficult to start when cold.
Ethanol is listed as being redundantly diluted in alcohol.
Ethanol is made by fermentation of sugar or by hydration of ethene.
Ethanol is made by fermenting sugars produced from corn starch.
Ethanol is made by gut bacteria and is metabolized by the body by the ethanolase enzyme.
Ethanol is made from a renewal resource, corn from Nebraska and Iowa fields.
Ethanol is made from a variety of plant substances - corn, sugar cane, even some kinds of wood.
Ethanol is made from corn, a renewable resource, and a crop grown in abundance in Ohio.
Ethanol is made from corn, sorghum and other renewable resources.
Ethanol is made from cornstarch, and the United States can produce as much as is needed.
Ethanol is made from domestic agricultural crops, including corn.
Ethanol is made from grain or similar farm products.
Ethanol is made from grains better utilized as food.
Ethanol is made from grains, such as corn, wheat and barley.
Ethanol is made from renewable resources.
Ethanol is made primarily from grains or other renewable agricultural and agroforestry feedstocks.
Ethanol is miscible with water and therefore serves to remove residual aqueous solution.
Ethanol is mixed with gasoline, putting more oxygen into the fuel to make it burn cleaner.
Ethanol is more difficult to ignite than gasoline, especially in cold temperatures.
Ethanol is more than just an automotive fuel additive.
Ethanol is obtained from distillation of wheat, sugar or bio mass.
Ethanol is often a good substitute for gasoline in times when the supply of crude oil is low.
Ethanol is often the best fixative to use in order to demonstrate keratins.
Ethanol is one example.
Ethanol is one form of renewable energy that is becoming widely used.
Ethanol is one of the most environmentally friendly fuels available.
Ethanol is one product that helps America's farmers and aids in making our air cleaner.
Ethanol is one.
Ethanol is our nation's largest renewable energy industry.
Ethanol is oxidized from the liquid , resulting in vinegar .
Ethanol is oxidized from the liquid, resulting in vinegar.
Ethanol is polar and in many ways very much like water and forms strong hydrogen bonds with water.
Ethanol is prepared by fermentation of molasses.
Ethanol is produced by a process known as fermentation.
Ethanol is produced by hydration of ethylene or fermentation of sugars.
Ethanol is produced by the action of yeast as a waste product of anaerobic respiration.
Ethanol is produced by yeast as it digests sugars.
Ethanol is produced from agriculture grains and is a boost to farmers.
Ethanol is produced from Australian sugarcane waste and is a fully renewable fuel source.
Ethanol is produced from corn and is much more expensive than fuel from petroleum.
Ethanol is produced from corn and is widely used as a gasoline additive in the Midwest.
Ethanol is produced mainly from corn and is usually used as a fuel in conjunction with petrol.
Ethanol is produced through the fermentation of starch, such as in corn or biomass.
Ethanol is regarded as a substance with good warning properties.
Ethanol is regarded as one of the safest industrial solvents.
Ethanol is renewable.
Ethanol is reported to lower tailpipe emissions.
Ethanol is said to burn more cleanly than gasoline, but it can also corrode some engine parts.
Ethanol is shown to enhance oxidative stress and increase the production of reactive oxygen species.
Ethanol is simply the biggest value-added success story in agriculture today.
Ethanol is sold as a gasoline additive and used to produce biodiesel, an alternative fuel.
Ethanol is such an inhibitor.
Ethanol is taxed lower than conventional fuels.
Ethanol is the alcohol found in intoxicating beverages.
Ethanol is the alcohol in beer, wine, and other drinks.
Ethanol is the alcohol present in alcoholic beverages.
Ethanol is the alcohol that is consumed.
Ethanol is the alcohol that is in the beer, wine and cocktails that many drink.
Ethanol is the better stabiliser.
Ethanol is the biggest success story in the value-added agriculture movement.
Ethanol is the key, whether in the form of beer, wine, or spirits.
Ethanol is the main component of alcoholic beverages such as rum, whisky and beer.
Ethanol is the most efficient extraction solvent and it also helps to preserve the herb potency.
Ethanol is the most near-term alternative fuel being supported by our research.
Ethanol is the most widely used biofuel today.
Ethanol is the nation's head start into the bio-based economy of the future.
Ethanol is the next most commonly used.
Ethanol is the only alternative that has a demonstrated track record in the marketplace.
Ethanol is the only component of gasoline that is grown and manufactured in Minnesota and Iowa.
Ethanol is the only liquid transportation fuel that reduces green house gas emissions from cars.
Ethanol is the only one made from agricultural products such as grain or sugarcane molasses.
Ethanol is the only renewable source.
Ethanol is the oxygenate of choice used during the state's winter oxygenated fuels program.
Ethanol is the preferred fuel for fuel cell powerplants.
Ethanol is the present and the future.
Ethanol is the right solution for the environment.
Ethanol is the second most used oxygenate in gasoline blending.
Ethanol is the solution to imported oil, and to the problems of the family farm.
Ethanol is the type of alcohol in beer, wine and spirits.
Ethanol is touted as cleaner than gasoline.
Ethanol is transported to California by either rail or water.
Ethanol is used as a clean burning fuel and can be a petroleum additive.
Ethanol is used as a solvent in perfume, hair spray, dishwashing liquid and laundry detergent.
Ethanol is used as a substitute for fuels in vehicles that are environmentally friendly.
Ethanol is used as an automotive fuel by itself and can be mixed with gasoline to form gasohol.
Ethanol is used as an organic solvent.
Ethanol is used as fuel in some combustible engines.
Ethanol is used as in antifreeze a mixture for radiators in cars.
Ethanol is used both as a gasoline oxygenate and as a fuel.
Ethanol is used for making spirit levels.
Ethanol is used for making thermometer that is used for measuring low temperatures.
Ethanol is used for manufacturing of paints, dyes, varnishes.
Ethanol is used for preparation of compounds such as chloroform and ether.
Ethanol is used in spirit lamps.
Ethanol is used in unleaded gasoline and as a by-product for cattle feed.
Ethanol is used to increase octane and improve the emissions quality of gasoline.
Ethanol is very flammable and burns with a pale blue flame.
Ethanol is very popular in Iowa, the initial presidential caucus state, because it's made from corn.
Ethanol is vitally important to South Dakota.
Ethanol is warranted by every automobile manufacturer in the world, and is safe for all engines .
Ethanol isa liquid.
Ethanol isa material.
Ethanol isa stuff.
Ethanol makes occipital responses symmetrical.
Ethanol makes the wine feel smooth and full-bodied.
Ethanol meets both requirements while being non-toxic.
Ethanol meets that test.
Ethanol offers substantial environmental benefits.
Ethanol plays three major roles in today's economy and environment.
Ethanol precipitate the DNA and resuspend to a convenient concentration.
Ethanol precipitate the DNA solution.
Ethanol precipitate to remove inhibitors.
Ethanol precipitate with ammonium acetate.
Ethanol produces less harmful emissions, improving air quality.
Ethanol produces lower emissions of ozone-forming compounds and toxic air pollutants.
Ethanol produces minimal pollution and significantly reduces harmful exhaust emissions.
Ethanol promotes neuronal survival while it is acetaldehyde that is neurotoxic.
Ethanol provides a vital value-added market for corn and other commodities.
Ethanol provides better water tolerance than methanol.
Ethanol provides energy security.
Ethanol provides for fewer emissions and less pollution.
Ethanol provides numerous environmental benefits as well.
Ethanol provides value-added markets to bolster agriculture and rural America.
Ethanol qualifies as an alternative fuel.
Ethanol raises other concerns.
Ethanol reacts with ethanoic acid to give ethyl ethanoate which is an ester.
Ethanol really reduces the amount of carbon monoxide coming from the tailpipe.
Ethanol reduces climate-altering greenhouse gases.
Ethanol reduces the demand for gasoline.
Ethanol reduces toxic emissions and greenhouse causing gases.
Ethanol reduces water and air pollution, as well as our dependence on oil from the Middle East.
Ethanol regulates such a disruption in retinoic acid synthesis and result in teratogenic effects.
Ethanol remains the only other oxygenate available in commercial quantities.
Ethanol represents a renewable, home-grown means of reducing dependence on imported crude oil.
Ethanol represents our third largest corn market, and demand for ethanol helps boost corn prices.
Ethanol represents our third largest corn market.
Ethanol seems to be the most viable option.
Ethanol strengthens our national economy.
Ethanol stretches our fuel reserves and diminishes our dependence on foreign oil.
Ethanol suppresses the activity and differentiation of osteoblasts.
Ethanol suppresses the induction of long-term potentiation in vivo.
Ethanol typically adds three octane numbers when blended with gasoline.
Ethanol used in fuel cells is superior to methanol and hydrogen on an economic and technical basis.
Ethanol used in transportation applications reduces oil dependence and results in lower emissions.
Ethanol's a big one for everybody.
Ethanols are alcohol.
Ethanols are chemical compounds.
Ethanols come from renewable sources.
Ethanols come from sources.
Ethanols use in gasoline.
Most ethanols come from renewable sources.
Most ethanols come from sources.
An ethchlorvynol is a downer
Ethchlorvynol has the potential for the development of physical and psychological dependence.
Ethchlorvynol is metabolized primarily in the liver.
Ethchlorvynol produces less initial excitement than do the barbiturates.
An ethene is a gas
An ethene is an olefin
Ethene produces ripening in fruit, but also inhibits growth in plants.
Most ether cards are easy to install.
Ether groups work nicely.
Ether behaves much like a fluid through the Void.
Ether is an element
Ether is ether.
Ether is mediums.
Ether is organic compounds.
Ethers are generally unreactive compounds.
Ethers are relatively inert and make good organic solvents.
Ethers are the most notorious peroxide formers.
Ethers can act as a narcotic, depressing the central nervous system.
Ethers can form dangerous peroxides on exposure to air and light.
Ethers contain an oxygen attached to two carbons as the characteristic functional group.
Ethers have an oxygen bond between two carbons.
Most ethers readily form vapors and are extremely flammable.
Some ethers form explosive peroxides on exposure to air and light.
Ethereal audience halls, harmoniously reflect the skill of master craftsmen.
Ethereal chords unite the tune in canon.
Ethereal flute floats through the music.
Ethereal melodies waft through the air speaking words of deep spiritual wisdom.
Ethereal smoke rises from damaged buildings and vehicles.
Ethereal spirits appear and vanish as quickly as they come.
Etheric cords act like hoses, with energy directed back and forth between both people.
Etheric healing is a profound spiritual experience for most people.
Etheric power is the power source of the future.
Etheric substance is seen as an extension of the physical.
EtherLynx technology is a totally modular technology.
Ethernet adapters allow data transfer speeds many times faster than even the fastest modems.
Ethernet adapters are clunky and expensive, but nonetheless a useful last resort.
Ethernet adapters tidak membutuhkan driver khusus.
Ethernet adapters vary greatly in performance.
Ethernet addresses are hexadecimal.
Most Ethernet bridges can filter broadcast and multicast frames.
An ethernet cable is a coax cable
Ethernet cable has no warranty.
Ethernet cable makes an amusing, and fatal, substitute for bungee rope.
Ethernet cables are about twice the size, most noticably at the ends.
Ethernet cables are available for checkout at the Reserves Desk.
Ethernet cables are coaxial cables.
Ethernet cables are different.
Ethernet cables are part of ethernets.
Ethernet cables can be somewhat fragile.
Ethernet cables come in various lengths and are available in the bookstore.
Ethernet card is bad.
Ethernet card is required.
Ethernet cards are available in the Book Mark.
Ethernet cards are computer and operating system specific.
Ethernet cards are quite standard.
Ethernet cards are very fast compared to modems.
Ethernet cards have a similar function.
Ethernet cards provide a dedicated, full-time connection to a network.
Ethernet cards work in place of modems.
All ethernet cards have hardware addresses.
Most ethernet cards are easy to install.
Most Ethernet cards have a green or orange light that flashes to indicate network activity.
Most ethernet cards have a little green light that light up when the network connection is active.
Most ethernet cards have a little round green light that lights up when it is connected properly.
Some ethernet cards refuse to work unless the network is physically unplugged before booting.
Ethernet hubs are also commodity items, and available in most computer stores.
Ethernet hubs are perfectly adequate for typical home uses though.
Ethernet hubs are relatively passive and require little or no configuration.
Ethernet network are logical bus topologies, but can have physical star or bus topologies.
Ethernet networks are the most widely used networks in the world.
Ethernet networks are what most businesses use for networking.
Most Ethernet networks use a hub or switch as the central connection point.
Ethernet ports are available for lab servers.
Ethernet ports provide direct campus and Internet connections in every room.
Ethernet switches are multiport bridges.
Ethernet switches are multi-port bridges.
Ethernet switches implement the private interconnect.
An ethernet is a computer network
Ethernet adds header and CRC to create frame for transmission.
Ethernet allows both files and peripherals to be shared.
Ethernet allows for multiple protocols to coexist on the same wire.
Ethernet also has the advantage of distributed deployment.
Ethernet also presents a wider variety of network options, with an array of new terminology.
Ethernet also suffers from a lot of overhead.
Ethernet can generate some very complex situations with the possibility for packet collisions.
Ethernet can go at different speeds .
Ethernet can go at different speeds.
Ethernet can handle large amounts of data at high speed and serve the needs of large installations.
Ethernet can reduce of the number of networks used.
Ethernet can support both bus and star topologies.
Ethernet comes in two basic speeds.
Ethernet comes in two flavors.
Ethernet connects the new office space to the server rack.
Ethernet covers protocols and hardware.
Ethernet enjoys increasing returns to network scale.
Ethernet fits all devices.
Ethernet gives access to campus network resources.
Ethernet gives people choices.
Ethernet has one of the highest bandwidths.
Ethernet has some real advantages.
Ethernet has the ability to run new applications and support different data type transmissions.
Ethernet has very high latency.
Ethernet is a baseband network.
Ethernet is a baseband system.
Ethernet is a broadcast based protocol.
Ethernet is a broadcast medium .
Ethernet is a broadcast network, in which all nodes have access to all datagrams or data packets.
Ethernet is a broadcasting medium, similar to television and radio.
Ethernet is a commonly use networking technology, used to link computers together.
Ethernet is a commonly used computer networking standard.
Ethernet is a commonly used networking technology, used to link computers together.
Ethernet is a cross-platform standard.
Ethernet is a good example - collision detection network.
Ethernet is a high speed connection to the Internet.
Ethernet is a high-speed connection to the Internet.
Ethernet is a means of allowing computers to communicate with each other.
Ethernet is a means of connecting to the Internet.
Ethernet is a method of connecting two or more computers to create a network.
Ethernet is a mode of electronic communication that is at least ten times faster than a modem.
Ethernet is a physical protocol.
Ethernet is a popular architecture.
Ethernet is a protocol and transport system for information using coaxial cable.
Ethernet is a shared medium much like a party-line in a rural telephone system .
Ethernet is a simple and widely understood technology.
Ethernet is a standard, well known networking system, normally used in LANs.
Ethernet is a standardized way of connecting computers together to create a network.
Ethernet is a type of network cabling and signaling specification.
Ethernet is a very simple, yet elegant protocol.
Ethernet is a way to connect computers together in a network.
Ethernet is admsinstratively down.
Ethernet is already too widespread to make some modification over it.
Ethernet is also economical, easy to install, easy to expand, and widely used.
Ethernet is also faster than regular dial-up, hundreds of times faster.
Ethernet is also vendor neutral and, therefore, inexpensive to implement.
Ethernet is an example of a baseband network.
Ethernet is an example of a broadcast medium.
Ethernet is an extra option, or available via PC card.
Ethernet is another incentive.
Ethernet is available now in most of the buildings on campus with faculty or staff offices.
Ethernet is available only on campus.
Ethernet is bad.
Ethernet is best.
Ethernet is by far the most common network type.
Ethernet is cheap, pervasive and functional.
Ethernet is cheaper, but has much poorer performance.
Ethernet is dominant for LANs.
Ethernet is driven by commercial pricing and volume sales.
Ethernet is ethernet.
Ethernet is fairly ubiquitous in corporate networks today.
Ethernet is fast, simple to set up, and the parts are relatively inexpensive.
Ethernet is fast, standardized, and widely available.
Ethernet is fastest of the network types and can be the least expensive.
Ethernet is great.
Ethernet is half-duplex.
Ethernet is like a god after countless ISPs.
Ethernet is more reliable and less of a pain once the hard part of running the cable is done.
Ethernet is much better.
Ethernet is network technology that employs bus topology .
Ethernet is now full duplex.
Ethernet is one of the most popular network cabling schemes in use.
Ethernet is one of the most popular types of networking protocol around.
Ethernet is one protocol.
Ethernet is popular because it strikes a good balance between speed, cost and ease of installation.
Ethernet is pure goodness.
Ethernet is relatively inexpensive and enterprise customers understand it.
Ethernet is relatively inexpensive, easy to set up and use, and very, very fast.
Ethernet is remarkably simple to implement.
Ethernet is seen as being a potential databus for aviation applications.
Ethernet is significantly faster and more reliable than a modem connection.
Ethernet is similar to Aloha networks.
Ethernet is simple and common.
Ethernet is so damn distracting.
Ethernet is superior to an asynchronous connection.
Ethernet is supposed to be a single common medium with multiple connections.
Ethernet is the easiest type of network to set up.
Ethernet is the main local area network transport in use today.
Ethernet is the main Transport Protocol used today.
Ethernet is the more entrenched network.
Ethernet is the most common form of network in use currently.
Ethernet is the most common high speed connection used on most campuses.
Ethernet is the most common local area network communications protocol.
Ethernet is the most common local area network technology.
Ethernet is the most common network topology.
Ethernet is the most common set of standards for network equipment to communicate with each other.
Ethernet is the most common type in use today.
Ethernet is the most common way to connect to the campus network for the workshop sessions.
Ethernet is the most commonly used technology for joining computers together on small networks.
Ethernet is the most popular and least expensive way information can travel through a network.
Ethernet is the most popular architecture used when building a network.
Ethernet is the most popular form of local area networking.
Ethernet is the most popular network standard.
Ethernet is the most ubiquitous network access method in use today.
Ethernet is the most widely accepted international networking standard.
Ethernet is the most widely accepted local area network in the industry.
Ethernet is the most widely used local area network access method.
Ethernet is the most widely used type of local network .
Ethernet is the most widely-installed local area network technology.
Ethernet is the name of a technology computers use to talk to each other.
Ethernet is the on-ramp for the Internet.
Ethernet is the primary type of networking used in the Internet.
Ethernet is the protocol for a dumb pipe, a passive ether.
Ethernet is the railroad the freight is hauled on.
Ethernet is the simplest and least expensive option.
Ethernet is the way to go.
Ethernet is the world's most popular network installed today.
Ethernet is unique due to the way in which computers on the network decide whose turn it is to talk.
Ethernet is used on LANs.
Ethernet is used throughout most campus classrooms, laboratories, and offices.
Ethernet is used to connect most workstations directly to the campus network.
Ethernet is used to connect the computers.
Ethernet is used to network computers together.
Ethernet is used within sites to connect hosts.
Ethernet is very picky about proper cabling.
Ethernet makes no realtime guarantees.
Ethernet now has full duplex functionality.
Ethernet opens up a whole new world of functionality on the HPC platform.
Ethernet operates over twisted wire and coaxial cable.
Ethernet prevails because it is dumb.
Ethernet provides a broadcast access network for multiple devices to communicate electronically.
Ethernet provides a faster connection than a modem.
Ethernet provides direct computer access to the campus backbone.
Ethernet provides immediate access to data being stored at each line.
Ethernet really describes a physical medium and data linking.
Ethernet relies on spanning trees to provide network resiliency.
Ethernet remains closely associated with coaxial cable, however.
Ethernet requires a network adapter card in the computer connected with other computers to a hub.
Ethernet requires a repeater.
Ethernet requires special cables running from each computer.
Ethernet requires special wires to connect computers.
Ethernet sans the cabling.
Ethernet switches buffer and transmit the data only on the lines necessary.
Ethernet takes care of the transfer without interfering with the work at hand.
Ethernet takes over.
Ethernet uses bridges to solve collision problems.
Ethernet uses the same cabling as an office building.
Ethernet uses the type field to determine the packet protocol.
Ethernet using a hub is like a bus.
Ethernet using a switch is like a completely connected network.
Ethernet works the same way people talk during a polite conversation.
Ethernets are one of the most commonly networking type for home or office enviroments.
Ethernets come in three flavors, called thick and thin , respectively, and twisted pair .
Most ethernets use wire or, occasionally, fiber optics.
Every ethic cuisine needs one voice to emerge and explain how things are done.
Ethic is a principle
Ethic is code of conduct.
Ethic is philosophy.
Ethic is principles.
Ethic is systems.
Ethic isa idea.
Ethic isa thought.
Ethic relates to effects.
Ethics addresses questions of morality, such as what makes our actions right or wrong.
Ethics addresses questions of right and wrong using reason rather than faith or tradition.
Ethics addresses topics in the philosophy of value.
Ethics also motivate many former meat-eaters to become vegetarians.
Ethics also requires action.
Ethics are a basic ideal of what is morally right and wrong for all individuals of a society.
Ethics are a big part of everyone s lives.
Ethics are a bit more stringent, perhaps, and are more likely to be taken seriously.
Ethics are a daily and realistic issue.
Ethics are a key component to the curriculum.
Ethics are a measure of character.
Ethics are a philosophical reflection of moral beliefs and practices.
Ethics are a series of personal decisions.
Ethics are a set of rules of conduct or moral codes.
Ethics are a teacher's strength.
Ethics are about trust and a sense of fair play.
Ethics are about values, ideals and aspirations.
Ethics are all about relationships.
Ethics are also something to try out and learn about.
Ethics are always at the center of our philosophical and educational core.
Ethics are an important part of public relations practice.
Ethics are an individual thing.
Ethics are an inescapable component of best-practice medical research.
Ethics are an integral part of being a student and a professional.
Ethics are another issue.
Ethics are autonomous and situational, needing no theological or ideological sanction.
Ethics are beliefs that separate right from wrong or accepted standards of good and bad behavior.
Ethics are central in decision-making.
Ethics are central to magick.
Ethics are complete, profound and alive only when addressed to all living beings.
Ethics are completely subjective and relativistic.
Ethics are critical in any field of engineering.
Ethics are crucial in accounting.
Ethics are different from countires, industries and profession.
Ethics are essential for any community to function peacefully and therefore exist.
Ethics are essentially questions of right and wrong.
Ethics are ethics no matter where.
Ethics are ethics.
Ethics are everything.
Ethics are highly flexible.
Ethics are how one conducts oneself, and interprets rules, in relation to morals.
Ethics are important.
Ethics are individualistic and situational.
Ethics are irrelevant.
Ethics are just a branch of aesthetics.
Ethics are learned.
Ethics are local.
Ethics are moral principles adopted by an individual or group to provide rules for right conduct.
Ethics are moral rules or principles of behavior for deciding what is right and what is wrong.
Ethics are moral standards that help guide behaviour, actions, and choices.
Ethics are mostly a matter of personal definition.
Ethics are necessary for a human system to work.
Ethics are never risk-free, however.
Ethics are nice, but they just don t pay.
Ethics are no more a problem in scientific research than anywhere else.
Ethics are only honest if the principals remain consistent regardless of which side someone is on.
Ethics are principles or standards that guide professionals to do the moral or right thing.
Ethics are reason and the contemplation of optimum survival.
Ethics are remote, bloodless, and intellectual.
Ethics are rules of conduct for a society.
Ethics are rules of optimal behavior.
Ethics are simple.
Ethics are standards of behavior that support an individual s and a society s values.
Ethics are subjective.
Ethics are the fire in our soul work.
Ethics are the foundation of the profession.
Ethics are the method to bring about that situation.
Ethics are the professional standards of conduct that are displayed in sports.
Ethics are the same in both busniess and the poersonal setting.
Ethics are tricky.
Ethics are unconditional.
Ethics are under continuous development basically so communities can function fairly and calmly.
Ethics are under continuous developments basically so communities can function fairly and calmly.
Ethics are very much at the forefront.
Ethics are very weak.
Ethics are voluntary, something one participates in if one is of good character.
Ethics are what keep the world from working itself into one big mess.
Ethics are, however, important regardless of context.
Ethics arises only in the practice associated with the discipline.
Ethics arises precisely because legitimate duties conflict.
Ethics become involved when value judgments are made in setting the limits.
Ethics become relevant to all human endeavor.
Ethics begin at home.
Ethics begins with choice.
Ethics begins with the other.
Ethics begins with the rejection of non-universalizable principles.
Ethics Being Good is really important.
Ethics belongs to the category of values typically formed and shaped during adolescence.
Ethics can also be such a set of standards by definition.
Ethics can be a very individual thing.
Ethics can be subjective, and both researchers state their case well.
Ethics can come from elsewhere.
Ethics claims to address the subject of values in a practical manner.
Ethics classes for residents.
Ethics codes for dentists and many other health professions are silent on the issue.
Ethics codes for major professional organizations in business, health, and law.
Ethics come into existence when individuals join together in a tribal unit.
Ethics come into play in adult relationships.
Ethics conduct is one of the major things at the academy.
Ethics considers morals as too strict and leading to boredom.
Ethics considers precedents set in law and other issues that can alter a person's perceptions.
Ethics constitute one of the pillars of our society.
Ethics consultation in medicine, law, business, the environment, and related fields.
Ethics consultation in social work.
Ethics convey the right principles.
Ethics courses in business and in medical schools exhibit the dilemma.
Ethics deal with personal moral principles and values.
Ethics deals with moral judgments involving moral decisions.
Ethics deals with problems of right conduct.
Ethics deals with such questions at all levels.
Ethics deals with that which is good and that which is the right thing to do.
Ethics deals with the proper relations with and responsibilities toward other people.
Ethics Debate For somatic cell gene therapy there seems to be a lot of support.
Ethics define a certain parameter where human beings can interact.
Ethics Define the rights and obligations of the respondent.
Ethics define the social conditions necessary for human beings to thrive.
Ethics demands more.
Ethics demands that people be permitted to switch therapies when the existing regimen fails.
Ethics denotes man's conduct, which is formed accordingly within time.
Ethics depends on a person s moral obligations as well as the structure of a business.
Ethics does matter.
Ethics does, however, depend on context.
Ethics drive the laws of our society.
Ethics embodies the transcendent virtues of patience, trust, love, and relationship.
Ethics encompasses more than judicial considerations.
Ethics encourages the submission of comments on articles previously published in the journal.
Ethics entails the development of practical wisdom about doing what is morally good or right.
Ethics equate to morals.
Ethics Essays on ethics, see particularly the essay on child pornography.
Ethics expects higher standards than just passing the minimum legal requirements.
Ethics flows from consciousness.
Ethics follows faith.
Ethics gives necessary truths that hold for all rational beings.
Ethics goes beyond a grounding in the distinction between right and wrong.
Ethics guide choices and raise consciousness.
Ethics has a connection to motivation and to goals in human behavior.
Ethics has a critical place in Recruiting.
Ethics has a role in sustainable leadership, as it does to corporate responsibility.
Ethics has absolutely nothing to do with it.
Ethics has both a philosophical and a practical side.
Ethics has everything to do with hiring new employees.
Ethics has no analytic truths about the nature of the good.
Ethics has practical consequences.
Ethics has to add value by engaging the clinical and organizational problems of a hospital.
Ethics has to be at the centre of all our work.
Ethics has to be part of mainstream management practice.
Ethics has to do with decisions that involve making a distinction between right and wrong.
Ethics have no necessary connection with religion.
Ethics have to keep up.
Ethics Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Ethics helps to keep our knowlege in check and used solely for our betterment as a world.
Ethics here is primary.
Ethics Identify major ethical approaches and principles.
Ethics impinge upon the lives and behavior of counselors and clients.
Ethics Incorporate appropriate parts of the ethics code within standards.
Ethics involve a separate process as noted on the previous page.
Ethics involve judgement and making the right decisions.
Ethics involve judgment.
Ethics involves choices in regard to moral precepts.
Ethics involves morality, the nature of right as determined by a group or an individual.
Ethics involves the study of moral imagination, moral judgment, and moral action.
Ethics is a big consideration.
Ethics is a choice between good and bad, between right and wrong.
Ethics is a complex issue for executive pay.
Ethics is a context in which there are important non-scientistic versions of naturalism.
Ethics is a distinctive type of knowledge.
Ethics is a field of philosophy that deals with right and wrong.
Ethics is a focus in all decision situations.
Ethics is a fraud.
Ethics is a function of time, location and knowledge.
Ethics is a fundamental aspect of human society.
Ethics is a general pattern of a way of life.
Ethics is a hard subject to define.
Ethics is a key consideration.
Ethics is a lifelong process of being and behaving.
Ethics is a matter of common sense and experience.
Ethics is a matter of doing one s duty, which derives from rules of reason.
Ethics is a matter of instinctive, naturally human reactions.
Ethics is a matter of taste, and what's right is merely a pragmatic question of what works.
Ethics is a more abstract study of right and wrong.
Ethics is a natural link.
Ethics is a necessary complement in producing physicians with the essential humanistic skills.
Ethics is a necessary ingredient in such an environment.
Ethics is a part of all major religions.
Ethics is a part of every course.
Ethics is a part of politics, which is the most authoritative and architectonic science.
Ethics is a participatory activity.
Ethics is a perfectly valid way of thinking about things.
Ethics is a personal code of behavior.
Ethics is a policy listed in the employee handbook.
Ethics is a really big place to dive into.
Ethics is a relative term.
Ethics is a set of values that consistently guides our behaviors.
Ethics is a subdiscipline of philosophy that studies right and wrong.
Ethics is a system to assist in the analysis of such challenges.
Ethics is a systematic way of looking at morality.
Ethics is a theme that is strong and constant in Judaism.
Ethics is a valuable topic for professional development among business professionals.
Ethics is a very broad concept that reaches into motivation, intent.
Ethics is a very general term, which just means a set of values.
Ethics is a very important topic when it comes to practicing as a professional engineer.
Ethics is a word used lightly and claimed by each of the factions to be on their side.
Ethics is about choice.
Ethics is about how people treat people.
Ethics is about integrity.
Ethics is about what is valuable and how to achieve it.
Ethics is about what ought to be .
Ethics is achieved through change, and successful change is achieved through ethics.
Ethics is all about behavior.
Ethics is already in engineering and only needs to be revealed.
Ethics is also different from etiquette.
Ethics is always a perhaps and maybe, and never a yes or a no.
Ethics is always the expression of a world-conception.
Ethics is an area of great concern.
Ethics is an essential component of obstetrics and gynecology.
Ethics is an essential part of any research and is applied to critical issues in our everyday lives.
Ethics is an examined and carefully considered structure that includes both practice and theory.
Ethics is an important aspect of business generally and strategy, specifically.
Ethics is an incomplete book, yet it is seminal.
Ethics is an integral part of mainstream management.
Ethics is an often misunderstood term.
Ethics is an underlying concept in accounting, and is emphasized throughout the course.
Ethics is back in literary studies, philosophy, and political theory.
Ethics is central to a good life.
Ethics is central.
Ethics is concerned with discovering a code of values by which one can guide ones actions.
Ethics is concerned with free objects which are governed by moral laws.
Ethics is concerned with human character and conduct.
Ethics is concerned with justice, and fairness.
Ethics is correct conduct, and the Marxist emphasis and priority on practice is an ethical priority.
Ethics is critical.
Ethics is deeper.
Ethics is defined as the rules and standards governing the conduct of an induviual with others.
Ethics is discussed in general as well as specifically as it applies to managed care situations.
Ethics Is Essential to True Winning .
Ethics Is Essential to True Winning.
Ethics is ethics in practice, and practice is daily practice.
Ethics is evolution.
Ethics is good for business.
Ethics is important in all areas of society.
Ethics is important on several levels.
Ethics is important, but people really get heated about money.
Ethics is important.
Ethics is independent of religion.
Ethics is indivisible.
Ethics is interwoven throughout the individual courses.
Ethics is just as demonstrative a science as the natural sciences.
Ethics is kind.
Ethics is life-affirming.
Ethics is like nuts and bolts.
Ethics is more important than art.
Ethics is more than being religious, following a code of conduct, or having proper etiquette.
Ethics is more than subjective feelings.
Ethics is more than the avoidance of criminal behavior.
Ethics is no better than either defensive medicine or the new economics.
Ethics is now redefined.
Ethics is one such area.
Ethics is only one of the concerns that can stir up feelings against science.
Ethics is our nature, our inner necessity.
Ethics is our way of being human.
Ethics is part of doing and saying the right thing in society.
Ethics is part of other fields of study in many ways.
Ethics is part of the study of religion.
Ethics is patience.
Ethics is perhaps the most difficult area of philosophy.
Ethics is primarily concerned with prescriptive statements.
Ethics is public.
Ethics is recommended.
Ethics is reflection upon moral choices and morally relevant human behavior.
Ethics is related only to human beings.
Ethics is related to others.
Ethics is required to be taught across the curriculum.
Ethics is rewritten to facilitate capitalism.
Ethics is simply a matter of obeying laws and regulations.
Ethics is something which everybody is responsible for.
Ethics is split off from any objective moral order.
Ethics is strictly a way of addressing things from a moral perspective.
Ethics is strive .
Ethics is subject to the same sort of limitations as free speech and human rights. . .
Ethics is survival.
Ethics is the art of determining what is right or good.
Ethics is the art of right living.
Ethics is the basis of any solid working relationship.
Ethics is the common denominator of science and religion.
Ethics is the delineation of broad principles which govern human life.
Ethics is the depth, form, and substance of doing business.
Ethics is the foundation for the life of the Buddhist layman and for the way leading to liberation.
Ethics is the foundation of integrity and credibility.
Ethics is the foundation of policing.
Ethics is the fragrance of wisdom.
Ethics is the golden thread which runs throughout our training.
Ethics is the heart of America's economic freedom.
Ethics is the investigation into the nature of moral judgement and moral reasoning.
Ethics is the key to fiscal and social success in business.
Ethics is the knowledge about which response to choose and which action to do in a given situation .
Ethics is the lifeblood of a free society and it can tolerate only so much adulteration.
Ethics is the philosophical understanding of good and bad, right and wrong.
Ethics is the practice of making a principled choice between right and wrong.
Ethics is the principles of right or good conduct.
Ethics is the science and art of moral decisions.
Ethics is the science of explaining why some things are right and others are wrong.
Ethics is the science of morals in human conduct.
Ethics is the science of values in human conduct.
Ethics is the sense of solidarity with other human beings.
Ethics is the soul illustrated in human life.
Ethics is the soul of Theosophy.
Ethics is the study of conduct, moral values, duties, actions, and ends.
Ethics is the study of cultural and personal behavior.
Ethics is the study of good and bad practice in a profession or field of study.
Ethics is the study of human actions.
Ethics is the study of moral law.
Ethics is the study of morality.
Ethics is the study of proper behavior, while morality prescribes that behavior.
Ethics is the study of right and wrong in human action.
Ethics is the study of the basis of morality.
Ethics is the study of the moral principles that guide that conduct.
Ethics is the study of values and worth.
Ethics is the very basis of spiritual life.
Ethics is therefore important to ombudsing, in at least two ways.
Ethics is transcendental.
Ethics is two things.
Ethics is value driven, action oriented and determined by the situation.
Ethics just get in the way.
Ethics justifies or grounds morality.
Ethics Know the four models of ethical decision-making and how they help guide ethical decisions.
Ethics Know the rights and obligations of the respondent.
Ethics lags behind technology.
Ethics leads to law and that leads to freedom.
Ethics makes demands on life.
Ethics matter for all the reasons listed above.
Ethics matter to employees right across our country.
Ethics matter to employees.
Ethics means simply doing what's right.
Ethics means staying at the university late, without pay, to help students.
Ethics means the strength which holds the consciousness bound to truth.
Ethics never fails.
Ethics offers definitions of ethics, metaethics, normative ethics, and applied ethics.
Ethics offers resources that examine every aspect of Web ethics from freedom to privacy.
Ethics only exists in action and in relationships.
Ethics originates from the inside and moves toward the outside.
Ethics page with links.
Ethics permeate every aspect of our lives.
Ethics pertains to benevolence, non-malevolence, autonomy, and justice.
Ethics pertains to one's sense of duty.
Ethics play a role in the development of information literacy .
Ethics plays a distinctive role with corporations.
Ethics plays a major role in understanding the controversy that surrou nds genetic testing.
Ethics plays a role in the everyday functioning of a business, company, or corporation.
Ethics precedes the thinking of the ego and the being.
Ethics predominate over conformity and compliance, in religion as elsewhere.
Ethics presupposes human freedom and human responsibility.
Ethics prohibit the study of maternal ethanol exposure in humans using a true experiment.
Ethics project due.
Ethics Promote the welfare of birds and their environment.
Ethics provides an avenue to critically examine the nature and purpose of the moral life.
Ethics provides the trust essential for all of our relationships and actions.
Ethics publishes both theory and the application of theory to contemporary moral issues.
Ethics publishes both theory and the application of theory to contemporary theory.
Ethics reflects on morality.
Ethics report recommends restrictions on research with people with impaired decision-making ability.
Ethics reports and other similar filings are also public.
Ethics reports list asset values in broad ranges.
Ethics require conceptual thought.
Ethics require their involvement in child abuse and neglect prevention and treatment.
Ethics requirement to fulfill.
Ethics requirements for prevention specialists.
Ethics requires input from a source other than facts.
Ethics rule out doing experiments on the effects of isolation on children .
Ethics rule out doing experiments on the effects of isolation on children.
Ethics See what's new in Ethics.
Ethics seek to minimize harm by for example say something in a nice way.
Ethics seem to be about a different kind of rightness, a fairness.
Ethics seems to be a much more popular topic now than in the past, because of many reasons.
Ethics seems to be making a comeback.
Ethics Select the name of the resource from the listing to jump to a short description.
Ethics serve as a check on the power of scientific study.
Ethics serves as the true foundation in the development of future managers and leaders.
Ethics stands on the floor of law.
Ethics start at home.
Ethics starts where the law leaves off.
Ethics starts with individual scientists.
Ethics starts with the professional's values.
Ethics succeeds .
Ethics summarizes the duties of a trustee to the beneficiaries of a trust.
Ethics transcends all.
Ethics ultimately is a matter of personal responsibility.
Ethics Understand the principles and the discipline required to work with the universal life force.
Ethics updates .
Ethics updates For instructors and students of theoretical and applied ethics courses.
Ethics works the same way.
Ethics always perseveres.
Ethics often go out the window when confronted with fast economic gain.
Ethics often lags behind science.
Ethics sometimes cross the letter of the law, and sometimes accidents do happen.
Most ethics are learned.
Most ethics review boards prefer children to be assigned based on the availability of treatment.
Ethical action is the cultivation of virtues.
Ethical actuality is to stand in that space between thought and being where thought becomes action.
Ethical analysis is informed by the results of economics, jurisprudence and political science.
Ethical appeals rely on the reader's sense of right and wrong.
Ethical aspects are of paramount importance when future living conditions are to be discussed.
Ethical aspects have to be taken into account in the process.
Ethical behavior begins at the personal level.
Ethical behavior encompasses basic values of community and individual character.
Ethical behavior follows faith and salvation.
Ethical behavior is a measure of successful, responsible living.
Ethical behavior is absolutely essential.
Ethical behavior is an essential part of professionalism.
Ethical behavior is an important part of research.
Ethical behavior is critical to business success, as well as to classroom success.
Ethical behavior is developed only when one learns how to respect other people and their property.
Ethical behavior is essential for a healthy community.
Ethical behavior is essential to all faculty, administrators, staff and students.
Ethical behavior is essential to effective leadership.
Ethical behavior is important for success in life as well as in business.
Ethical behavior is important in all successful organizations.
Ethical behavior is inseparable from the washing of regeneration, good learning and training.
Ethical behavior is necessary in accounting if the information it provides is to be trusted.
Ethical behavior is now part of the culture of our school district.
Ethical behavior is our franchise.
Ethical behavior is stressed in both curriculums.
Ethical behavior is that which is good, useful, or pleasant.
Ethical behavior is the binder in the foundation of military culture.
Ethical behavior is the process by which they are resolved.
Ethical behavior is what is the acceptable practice among the business industry.
Ethical behavior means even-handed behavior.
Ethical behavior recognizes and rests within a shared interest.
Ethical behavior relates to use.
Ethical behavior requires both parties to avoid public controversy.
Ethical behavior seems to be a somewhat old fashioned concept.
Ethical behaviors are desirable because they are good for business.
Ethical behaviors strengthen community.
Most ethical behavior relates to use.
Ethical behaviour is required for an effective realisation of human rights.
Ethical behaviour means adhering to the professional code of ethics.
Ethical breeders breed first and foremost for themselves.
Ethical breeders feel responsible for every puppy, each life they have had a hand in creating.
All ethical breeders sell their pups with contracts and guarantees.
Ethical business is good business.
Ethical businesses treat both customers and employees with respect and fairness.
Ethical businesses treat people with respect, honesty and integrity.
Many ethical businesses use telemarketing to reach their customers.
Ethical challenges can appear in many forms.
Ethical character is a plus in business.
Ethical choice transcends the biological and the physical.
Ethical choices prolong the quality of our world.
Ethical code is a system
Ethical codes can only define the ideals.
Ethical compromises are usually hard to discover.
Ethical concepts have a grammar unique to themselves.
Ethical concerns abound.
Ethical concerns arise due to different regulatory environments.
Ethical concerns exist whether a lawyer works for or with other lawyers or with non-lawyers.
Ethical concerns give rise to new laws, but some laws can be unethical.
Ethical concerns prevent psychologists from studying some phenomena experimentally.
Ethical conduct includes moral principles and values.
Ethical conduct is a daily activity for the social work profession.
Ethical conduct is a necessary foundation for all healthy human relationships.
Ethical conduct is a requirement.
Ethical conduct is an essential element in the proper functioning of the American legal system.
Ethical conduct is an important consideration in all aspects of our lives.
Ethical conduct is different from legal conduct.
Ethical conduct is established by published professional standards of conduct.
Ethical conduct is inseparable from the proper delivery of police service.
Ethical conduct is the best defence against successful lawsuits.
Ethical conduct is the foundation of productive relationships.
Ethical conduct seems no longer to be admired or desired.
Ethical consideration is necessary.
Ethical considerations are always an issue.
Ethical considerations arise, as well.
Ethical considerations arise.
Ethical considerations define what society considers as a problem requiring action.
Ethical considerations forbid many kinds of experimentation on human beings.
Ethical considerations have to be taken into account.
Ethical consistency requires the vegan lifestyle.
Ethical constraints limit the use of such research design with children.
Ethical consumerism has three main effects.
Ethical consumerism is all about empowering the consumer.
Ethical convictions are no exception.
Ethical culture exists in the realm of ideal possibilities.
Ethical decision making goes beyond values clarification.
Ethical decisions are a matter of public discussion as well as of private conviction.
Ethical decisions are almost always complex, for several reasons.
Ethical decisions are inherent in the daily practices of registered nurses.
Ethical decisions are often difficult because they involve two conflicting values.
Ethical development is a major aspect of a youth becoming an adult.
Ethical difficulties arise when it is unclear whether food and fluid are more beneficial or harmful.
Ethical dilemmas can arise when dementia is also involved.
Ethical dilemmas come in many shapes and sizes for professional engineers.
Ethical dilemmas create difficulty for the helping professional.
Ethical dilemmas occur when multiple responsibilities conflict.
Ethical dilemmas occur when values are in conflict.
Ethical dilemmas pose difficult and painful challenges to social workers.
Ethical dilemmas range widely.
Ethical dilemmas run through the practice of anesthesiology.
All ethical dilemmas follow from that fact.
Many ethical dilemmas are dilemmas.
Most ethical dilemmas present a choice between suboptimal alternatives.
Ethical disputes seem interminable because they are interminable.
Ethical distress is but one kind of ethical problem.
Ethical doctors oppose circumcision Every human male and female is born with a foreskin.
Ethical education is a contradiction in terms.
Ethical egoism can also provide a basis for defending capitalist management decisions.
Ethical egoism is a paradigm example of such a theory.
Ethical egoism is teleological.
Ethical egoism provides the best motivation for our actual moral practices.
Ethical employees make money for businesses in other important ways.
Ethical errors are, if severe, often unforgiveable and a sign of character disorder.
Ethical goodness is simply another name for truth sought by the practical intellect .
Ethical guidelines are essential for all professions.
Ethical guidelines are essential in making business decisions.
Ethical guidelines evolve and moral standards change.
Most ethical hackers have a military background.
Ethical hunters find the game they shoot.
Ethical implications involved in human cloning is only temporary.
Ethical insurance is the way forward.
Ethical investment is a fast-growing business.
Ethical investment is just like military justice.
Ethical investment is one of the great success stories of recent years.
Ethical investment is to be researched.
Ethical investments are also available.
Ethical investors approach the same goal using the persuasion of capital.
Ethical investors can advise people and companies.
Ethical issues abound in genetic testing.
Ethical issues are a major concern in genetics.
Ethical issues are also explored.
Ethical issues are also extremely important to lesbian health research.
Ethical issues are at the root of the above question.
Ethical issues are close to the surface.
Ethical issues are critical in such research.
Ethical issues are especially important in germ line gene therapy.
Ethical issues are important in an increasingly electronic environment, too.
Ethical issues are important in both laboratory and contextual evaluations, but in different ways.
Ethical issues are important to researchers for several reasons.
Ethical issues are involved if the naturalistic observation is covert.
Ethical issues are no exception, inviting heated debate among experts and general public alike.
Ethical issues arise as managers design efficient and effective control systems.
Ethical issues arise.
Ethical issues can be several things rolled in to one.
Ethical issues deal with questions of right and wrong.
Ethical issues engender passionate discussion.
Ethical issues factor into the way that farms are managed.
Ethical issues involve a question of a certain situation being right or wrong.
Ethical issues involve the access and usage of resources within and outside the school.
Ethical issues permeate medicine, starting with our duty to do no harm.
Ethical issues play a role in almost any venture people become associated with.
Ethical issues play a role in power analysis.
Ethical issues pose even deeper concerns.
Ethical issues relate to care.
Ethical issues relate to customers in general or business relationships.
Ethical issues related to accountability are also highlighted.
Ethical issues related to human resource management receive some attention in class discussions.
Ethical issues seem to be coming out of the woodwork.
Most ethical issues relate to care.
Most ethical issues revolve around a conflict in values.
Some ethical issues relate to childbirth.
Ethical journalism requires conscientious decision-making in context.
Ethical journalists treat sources, subjects and colleagues as human beings deserving of respect.
Ethical judgements are expressions of such attitudes, etc.
Ethical judgments are the highest office to which philosophy can aspire.
Ethical judgments lack any meaning.
Ethical knowledge is no exception.
Ethical laws are universal, subject to no exception.
Most ethical lawyers do business with their clients in writing.
Ethical Leaders are our equivalent of clergy.
Ethical leaders lead by example and follow ethical principals.
Ethical leadership is a major theme in national leadership circles.
Ethical leadership is also a central theme.
Ethical leadership is complex.
Ethical leadership requires a spiritual context.
Ethical leadership requires aligning our actions with our espoused values and beliefs.
Ethical leadership requires power.
Ethical life considers the possibility to move toward the best human life they can lead.
Ethical life is important, but it can see that things other than itself are important.
Ethical living is prescribed as a stepping stone to spirituality.
Ethical love remains, regardless of notions.
Ethical mediators encourage clients to have independent counsel review divorce agreements.
Ethical misconduct is more likely to end up on the front page.
Ethical norms can be either vertical, or horizontal, or individual.
Ethical obligations are a necessity for any profession.
Ethical paradoxes go hand in hand with the power to persuade others.
Ethical people act on the truth with compassion.
Ethical people are also good citizens.
Ethical people are humble.
Ethical people avoid confusing others.
Ethical people do what is right, kindly .
Ethical people experience good being that fuels great doing .
Ethical people forgive others and seek the forgiveness of others intentionally.
Ethical people identify with the role of trustee or steward rather than owner.
Ethical people preserve their public rights by fulfilling their individual responsibilities.
Ethical people respond favorably to ethical correction from ethical leaders.
Ethical people scrutinize themselves and welcome the scrutiny of others.
Ethical people speak the truth with compassion .
Ethical perfection ought to precede bodily perfection as an assurance.
Ethical perspectives can dictate a definition that is somewhat broader than a legal definition.
Ethical practice is addressed and rapport with the client is explained.
Ethical practice Maintain the highest standards of ethics in the conduct of research and teaching.
Ethical practitioners stay within their levels of training.
Ethical principles are a part of the global culture.
Ethical principles are more than guidelines.
Ethical principles are the rules of conduct that are derived from ethical values.
Ethical principles are universal.
Ethical principles describe the way the world ought to be .
Ethical principles share morality by the definition of the overriding principles of the individual.
All ethical principles have a categorical form.
Ethical problems are often problems of speech.
Ethical problems are problems of conflicting values.
Ethical problems arise in infertility treatment and in particular, assisted conception.
Ethical problems can arise because of the special status afforded such individuals.
Ethical problems can arise in other areas.
Ethical problems concerning privacy can take all kinds of shapes.
All ethical problems have simple solutions.
Many ethical problems revolve around our dependence on a human incubator.
Ethical propositions are statements of value related to action.
Ethical purity is hard to find in the stock market and it is a poor driver of an investment policy.
Ethical questions are as varied as health care itself.
Ethical questions are different from values.
Ethical questions are very closely related to business.
Ethical questions arise in deciding at what point to stop interpreting.
Ethical questions arise.
Ethical questions can follow patients home.
Ethical questions come into play at each of the two levels referred to in the previous paragraph.
Ethical questions raise moral concerns.
Ethical questions remain.
Many ethical questions arise on the topic of chemical and biological weapon manufacturing.
Many ethical questions arise when working as a tutor.
Many ethical questions have to be asked and answered.
Many ethical questions lie in what each of the characters intentions are.
Most ethical questions arise from someone's ability to control something.
Ethical quotes lists significant ethical quotations by author.
Ethical reflection continues with the giving of life.
Ethical reflection directs our attention toward establishing and developing a way of life.
Ethical reflection has the intention of governing action.
Ethical reflection is fully anthropocentric.
Ethical reflection is on life.
Ethical relativism eliminates the notion of a moral mistake.
Ethical relativism is illogical and unworkable.
Ethical relativism is the theory that holds that morality is relative to the norms of one's culture.
Ethical religions fall into two subcategories.
Ethical repetition brings about motion and passionate commitment to the beloved.
Ethical research is research that involves some clear benefit and little if any risk.
Ethical researchers respect the intellectual property rights of others.
Ethical scientists submit a report of their research to a peer-review jounal.
All ethical situations are so very similar.
Ethical stances vary with different generations.
Ethical standard agree to abide by our ethics in application process.
Ethical standards apply even when information is left unprotected .
Ethical standards apply even when information is left unprotected.
Ethical standards apply even when material appears to be legally unprotected.
Ethical standards apply even when material is left unprotected.
Ethical standards are important in driving environmental sustainability in a positive direction.
Ethical standards are in a different domain.
Ethical standards are of utmost importance.
Ethical standards create a basis for acting out of a set of established boundaries.
Ethical standards matter more, because they are questioned more.
Ethical strength lies in honesty, in searching for truth, in refusing to settle for muddled beliefs.
Ethical systems are an important part of the process of justifying a particular action.
All ethical systems begin with at least one axiom.
Any ethical system motivated by self-interest alone is no different than individual morality.
Many ethical systems argue that behaviors are contextual.
Some ethical systems are rules oriented.
Ethical teachings have no show in the presence of cold and hunger.
Ethical terms are intuitive rather than definitive statements of fact.
Ethical theories Understand different theories or approaches to ethical reasoning.
Ethical theory arises out of the cultural life of a people.
Ethical theory assumes the value of human relationships.
Ethical theory makes some assumptions about human nature.
Ethical theory provides categories and procedures for determining what is ethically relevant.
Ethical theory rests upon assumptions that lay outside of it.
All ethical theories use various normative ethical principles in assessing actions and behavior.
Ethical therapy can include talking about sex if it's appropriate to the client's problem.
Ethical thought has no chance of being everything it seems.
Ethical trade is here to stay and is a key to a better future.
Every ethical tradition including the medical view of the body has some ritual surrounding death.
Ethical training supports ethical action in the daily work life of practitioners.
Ethical traps abound, and there's no shortage of critical overseers ready to blow the whistle.
Ethical values appear to have lost.
Ethical values are guides for behavior and appropriate action.
Ethical vendors are generally happy to describe their methods in detail.
Ethical violations can result in severe penalties.
Ethical virtue is concerned with feelings and actions.
Ethical wills are a Jewish tradition dating back to the Bible and take many forms.
Ethical wills are an ancient Jewish tradition whose roots stem from early biblical times.
Ethical wills can include family histories, photo books and advice.
Ethical wills can take many formats.
Ethical wisdom is the product of a long history of human struggle.
Ethical work involves making tough, but important decisions for a child's welfare.
An ethicist is a philosopher
Ethicists are also concerned about a hybrid between a human and a cow.
Ethicists are concerned because human embryos are normally used to obtain human stem cells.
Ethicists are deeply concerned, too, about privacy and justice.
Ethicists are philosophers.
Ethicists believe the mixing of species is likely to trouble the public severely, at least at first.
Ethicists can serve a useful function.
Ethicists decry medical paternalism.
Ethicists deplore the behavior and attempt to set it in an ethical context.
Ethicists endorse the use of advance directives.
Ethicists have the painful responsibility of reaffirming that lesson even in the United States.
Ethicists help physicians understand the essential elements of informed consent.
Ethicists likewise contrast performance and motive in the religious life.
Ethicists ponder potential abuse.
Ethicists recognize the role of the physician in limiting or denying care to the elderly patient.
Ethicists say it is one that makes a better community, they want corporations to be 'good citizens'.
Ethicists say the public needs stricter guidelines.
Most ethicists reject the theory of ethical relativism.
Some ethicists argue that participating in unacceptable systems is wrong.
Some ethicists argue that rich nations have no obligation to aid poor nations.
Some ethicists believe the notion of paying women for eggs is untenable.
Some ethicists maintain that the principle of justice also dictates against aiding poor nations.
Some ethicists say limits on the number of embryos transferred violates a couple's freedom.
Ethics codes are applications of moral philosophy.
Ethics codes are necessary to provide such guidance.
Many ethics codes are on-line.
Many ethics codes have two components.
Ethics commission dismisses a complaint.
An ethics committee is a commission
Ethics committees can be helpful in case discussions regarding the use of placebos.
Some ethics committees allow guests.
Some ethics violations are more socially acceptable than others.
Ethidium bromide can inhibit restriction enzyme digestion.
Ethidium bromide is mutagenic at higher concentrations.
Ethidium bromide is mutagenic.
Ethidium bromide is strongly mutagenic, causing living cell mutations.
Ethidium bromide is used to detect the nucleic acids.
Ethidium bromide is used to stain the gels after running.
Ethidium bromide is very carcinogenic.
Ethidium bromides are chemical compounds.
Ethinic histories are savage, but they bond the masses.
Ethinylestradiol treatment induces multiple canalicular membrane transport alterations in rat liver.
Ethiopia is part of Africa.
Ethiopia isa thing.
Ethiopian agriculture is based on small-scale peasant farmers.
Some ethiopian boys give samples.
Some ethiopian boys give stool samples.
Ethiopian bulls grow their horns on their noses.
Every Ethiopian church keeps hidden in a holy inner chamber a replica of the ark.
Every Ethiopian citizen has the ownership of private property.
Ethiopian climate varies according to the different topographical regions.
Ethiopian coffee is processed by two well-known methods, the dry and wet methods.
Ethiopian coffees can vary greatly from lot to lot.
Ethiopian coffees have a winey taste and a deep aroma.
Ethiopian cooking is very spicy.
Ethiopian custom is to name persons to emphasize their individuality.
Ethiopian days are also different.
Ethiopian delegation arrives .
Ethiopian economy is dominated by peasant agriculture.
Ethiopian families live in towns.
Most ethiopian families live in towns.
Most Ethiopian farmers produce goods chiefly for their own use.
Ethiopian food is eaten with the hands, using pieces of a type of flat bread called injera.
Ethiopian food is influenced by Arabic, Indian, and African cooking.
Ethiopian hedgehog is widespread.
Ethiopian immigrants complain of being isolated in muddy trailer communities in the north.
All Ethiopian languages enjoy equal state recognition.
Ethiopian leader demands more aid - especially in Europe.
Ethiopian libraries are, moreover, now able to preserve the country's manuscripts.
Ethiopian lions restore their pride.
Ethiopian missionaries are at work in several other African nations.
Ethiopian music is based on a five-note, pentatonic scale.
Ethiopian Newspapers Select Ethiopian Newspapers by name or region to view current news online.
Ethiopian officials insist there is no policy of automatic expulsion of Eritrean nationals.
Ethiopian officials maintain that the troops are still inside their territory.
Ethiopian officials say the government lost nearly a billion dollars a year in aid due to the war.
Ethiopian wolves are found only in the highlands of Ethiopia.
Ethiopian wolves have legs.
Ethiopian wolves kill prey.
Ethiopian wolves reach maturity.
Ethiopian wolves reach sexual maturity.
Many Ethiopian wolves live within Ethiopia's Bale Mountains.
Most ethiopian wolves have legs.
Most ethiopian wolves kill prey.
Most ethiopian wolves reach maturity.
Most ethiopian wolves reach sexual maturity.
Ethiopian women face a one in nine chance of dying.
Ethiopian women have concern.
Ethiopian women wearing shawls sit on a playground bench watching kids play.
Many Ethiopian women fear being forced into a life of prostitution.
Most ethiopian women have concern.
Ethiopian has (part) arms.
Ethiopian has (part) body substances.
Ethiopian has (part) cell membranes.
Ethiopian has (part) cells.
Ethiopian has (part) corpi.
Ethiopian has (part) cytoplasm.
Ethiopian has (part) heads.
Ethiopian has (part) human bodies.
Ethiopian has (part) legs.
Ethiopian has (part) material bodies.
Ethiopian has (part) necks.
Ethiopian has (part) nuclei.
Ethiopian has (part) personality.
Ethiopian has (part) plasma membranes.
Ethiopian has (part) sections.
Ethiopian has (part) vacuoles.
Ethiopian isa individual.
Ethiopian isa person.
Ethiopian isa somebody.
Ethiopian isa someone.
Ethiopic script is used.
Ethipian women prefer female doctors and interpreters, especially for child birth.
Ethnic advocates agree.
Ethnic art is displayed and on sale and foods and the culture of all ethnic groups are celebrated.
Much ethnic art seems rural or third world.
Ethnic attire is acceptable.
Ethnic awareness leads to an understanding of that way of life.
Ethnic background has minimal impact on the etiology of nephrolithiasis.
Ethnic background has nothing to do with driving ability.
Ethnic background is often important, too.
Ethnic background is strictly optional.
Ethnic backgrounds differ.
All ethnic backgrounds welcome.
Every ethnic background is represented.
Ethnic bigotry squelches mission compassion.
Ethnic blame is easy to apportion.
Ethnic bonds act as the natural factors in redrawing national maps.
Ethnic caterers are THE big thing in the New York press right now.
Ethnic celebrations are of course a step in the right direction.
Ethnic celebrations focus on the culture of races or nationalities.
Ethnic chauvinism is omnipresent in the media during times of nationalist tensions and conflicts.
Ethnic children move from carer to carer.
Ethnic classification is used for identification rather than differentiation.
Ethnic cleavages are frequently the cause of war and violence in the world.
Ethnic communities can relate to a mayor who's a minority.
Ethnic communities observe further rites and celebrations of their own.
Ethnic communities see it.
Ethnic Community Find out about the many different ethnic communities.
Many ethnic communities are pillars of the reconciliation process.
Some ethnic companies are top-notch, and worthy rivals of Moscow theatres.
Some ethnic compositions explain attitude.
Some ethnic compositions explain social attitude.
Ethnic concerns are primarily in order to advance the interests of an ethnic or a religious group.
Ethnic concerns can play an important role.
Ethnic conflict challenges peacemakers and, in particular, peacemakers in the churches.
Ethnic conflict erupts when minorities feel that their rights go unprotected.
Ethnic conflict is entrenched in cultural life.
Ethnic conflict rips apart one village whereas another dwells in peace.
Ethnic conflicts abound.
Ethnic conflicts are devilishly complicated to resolve.
Ethnic conflicts are on the rise across the globe, disrupting the lives of millions each year.
Ethnic conflicts are on the rise globally.
Ethnic conflicts flare around the world.
Most ethnic conflicts develop over a long period.
Ethnic consciousness needs to be created for it to have an impact on collective consciousness.
Ethnic consumers purchase more service features than the random sample.
Ethnic cookbooks are limited to the cuisine of one country or people.
Ethnic cookery offers an abundance of exciting options.
Ethnic cooking is alive and well throughout the United States, even in the country's heartland.
Ethnic cooking represents both a source of sustenance and a complex form of communication.
Ethnic costumes are the symbol of the cultures.
Ethnic counselors are available to advise and assist minority students.
Ethnic counselors live in the same entryways with their liaison colleges.
Ethnic cuisine is one of the Lodge's specialities.
Ethnic cuisines have staying power.
Every ethnic cuisine has it's own way of economically stretching a meal.
Many ethnic cuisines offer exciting, healthful dining.
Many ethnic cuisines offer lots of low fat, low calorie choices.
Ethnic dance is folk dance that has distinctive cultural characteristics.
Most ethnic data relate to census tracts, zip codes, city boundaries, and counties.
Ethnic design is something that is slowly, but powerfully coming into fashion.
Ethnic designer wear from leading Indian designers.
Ethnic differences are at the heart of the conflict in Yugoslavia.
Ethnic differences are often over simplified and artificially magnified.
Ethnic differences form the original stroke in the grand fresco of humanity.
Ethnic discrimination is a fundamental feature of human nature.
Ethnic dishes are searchable by country.
Ethnic disparities cause the bitterest conflicts.
Ethnic distinctions are thus akin to racial distinctions rather than linguistic or cultural ones.
Ethnic distribution is shown in the following table.
Ethnic diversity gives the city the feel of a loose confederation of neighborhoods.
Ethnic diversity is a plus.
Ethnic diversity is a strength of the community.
Ethnic diversity is also an important issue to many people.
Ethnic diversity is also an important issue.
Ethnic diversity is encouraged.
Ethnic diversity is minimal to say the least.
Ethnic diversity is one of the things that makes Columbia City so interesting.
Ethnic diversity is well represented and uniquely presented.
Ethnic division leads to conflict.
Ethnic divisions account for many of Kenya's problems.
Ethnic divisions define Nigerian national politics.
Most ethnic division leads to conflict.
Any ethnic dress is encouraged.
Ethnic earthquakes send swift tidal waves around the globe.
Many ethnic eateries are family-run establishments that serve authentic, appetizing dishes.
Ethnic enclaves form and fighting resumes.
Ethnic enrollments are higher.
Ethnic entrepreneurs are.
Ethnic festivals brighten up many spring and summer evenings.
Many ethnic festivals feature delicious foods from all corners of the world.
Many ethnic festivals provide entertainment in the form of music, dance and comedy.
Ethnic food is in.
Ethnic foods are well represented also.
Ethnic Foods Get out of a culinary rut by trying different ethnic cuisines.
Ethnic foods make eating a pleasure.
Most ethnic foods are available.
Ethnic fragmentation is negatively related to the share of local spending on welfare.
Ethnic gangs possess many of the characteristics of the more organized street gangs.
Ethnic gifts are our speciality.
Ethnic grocer is a fabulous site for the internationally curious.
An ethnic group is a group
Ethnic groups are a common example.
Ethnic groups are also free to teach their own languages.
Ethnic groups are defined by linguistic, cultural, ancestral, national or regional ties.
Ethnic groups are groups that claim a common history, tradition, beliefs, and ancestry.
Ethnic groups are groups.
Ethnic groups are in conflict over power.
Ethnic groups are people who have culture, language, history or traditions in common.
Ethnic groups are publicly defamed when they lack power and influence.
Ethnic groups are subject to racial oppression and discrimination.
Ethnic groups are very popular in Kenya.
Ethnic groups ca.
Ethnic groups differ in how tightly they are organized.
Ethnic groups exhibit native articlessuch as woven blankets, wood cravings, and jewelry.
Ethnic groups face different barriers posed by customs, religion, and history.
Ethnic groups hang together to provide each other econ.
Ethnic groups hate other ethnic groups.
Ethnic groups have a name for themselves, a territory and a sense of group solidarity.
Ethnic groups have their own cultures.
Ethnic groups have their own specialties, but basically it's all subsistence food.
Ethnic groups living in Britain are as entitled to call it 'our country' as anyone else.
Ethnic groups stage their own celebrations.
Ethnic groups take many forms.
Ethnic groups tend to be more intense with the groups involved speak different languages.
Ethnic groups tend to fight only for their own interests.
Ethnic groups welcome sincere learners.
All ethnic groups are eligible.
All ethnic groups are victims.
All ethnic groups are vulnerable to panic disorder.
All ethnic groups come together and sit and plan an economic agenda for their particular group.
All ethnic groups welcome.
Any ethnic group has their own unique cultural patterns, heritage, and value system.
Every ethnic group experiences some social distance from the others.
Every ethnic group has at least one herb that is used to flavor their traditional dishes.
Every ethnic group has wit and wisdom that can be used positively in public speaking.
Every ethnic group is represented.
Every ethnic group needs heroes.
Every ethnic group speak different language.
Many ethnic groups have their own stations.
Many ethnic groups hold annual festivals to share their culture and food.
Many ethnic groups operate on a totally different plan.
Many ethnic groups question the credibility, fairness and accuracy for the reports that they see.
Many ethnic groups use several names to identify their genealogy.
Most ethnic groups grow a variety of crops, using very basic tools.
Some ethnic groups are more likely to develop lactose intolerance.
Some ethnic groups are more prone to acquiring the disease than others.
Some ethnic groups are more susceptible.
Some ethnic groups are more well known than others.
Some ethnic groups are prone to particular diseases.
Some ethnic groups have high alcoholism rates either for social or biological reasons.
Some ethnic groups prohibit certain herbs in pods and mustard seeds.
Some ethnic groups use imported canned foods as staples in their diets.
Ethnic hair tends to be extremely dry and extremely frizzy.
Ethnic hatred is as bad as racial hatred.
Ethnic hatred is irrational.
Ethnic holidays are part of immigrant culture.
Ethnic humor involving migration also finds itself woven into the narrative.
Ethnic identification is far stronger.
Ethnic identification seems to rest with the individual and, as such, is fluid.
Ethnic identity is a powerful lens, just as race is an irreducible element in a person's identity.
Ethnic identity is essential to the psychological functioning of the individual.
Ethnic identity is one thing.
Ethnic identity is treated as a conceptualisation of one's membership of an ethnic group.
Many ethnic images distort reality while creating new and seductive realities of their own.
Ethnic influences are strong in spring fashion.
Ethnic information can be a clue to the parish also.
Ethnic insurgencies persist in some remote border areas.
Ethnic integration is virtually inconceivable.
Ethnic interiors are beautiful and feel good.
Ethnic intermarriage is common as well.
Ethnic issues affect nationalism and democracy.
Ethnic issues can often cloud overall transgender issues.
An ethnic joke is a joke
Ethnic jokes abound in a hit and miss fashion.
Ethnic jokes are jokes.
Ethnic jokes are out.
Ethnic jokes can take form in a multitude of styles.
Ethnic killing is carried out for supremacy in the street.
Ethnic languages can be divisive, the thinking goes.
Ethnic languages have different status and power.
Ethnic leaders work with the department to report crime and resolve problems in their neighborhoods.
Ethnic literature is diverse.
Ethnic marketing affects the largest population growth in the country.
Ethnic marketplaces offer tremendous opportunities for innovative marketers.
Ethnic members are proud of their heritage.
An ethnic minority is ethnos
Ethnic minorities are also under-represented.
Ethnic minorities are ethnic groups.
Ethnic minorities are less active.
Ethnic minorities are located in cities.
Ethnic minorities are occasional victims of incidents of discrimination.
Ethnic minorities are particularly vulnerable.
Ethnic minorities are the fastest growing segments of workers and consumer markets.
Ethnic minorities are well represented at all levels of government.
Ethnic minorities are woefully underrepresented in the ranks of ealth care professionals.
Ethnic minorities bring something important to our cultural experience.
Ethnic minorities continue to be subject to discrimination and repression.
Ethnic minorities face both linguistic and cultural barriers to care.
Ethnic minorities gain far less of a performance boost than whites.
Ethnic minorities have positions of power within the company.
Ethnic minorities make up about a third of Burma s population.
Ethnic minorities make up seven per cent of the UK population.
Ethnic minorities respond to culturally sensitive programming.
Ethnic minorities show far less of a performance boost than whites.
Ethnic minorities tend to have larger families.
Ethnic minority has a high place in our Constitution, philosophy and national ethos.
Many ethnic minorities have newspapers and magazines written in their own language.
Some Ethnic minorities are desperately underrepresented on the register.
Some ethnic minorities have distinctive styles of houses.
Some ethnic minorities have style.
Ethnic motives are in many cases just an excuse for a ruthless re-division of property.
Ethnic music is mostly Slovenian and German.
Ethnic music is popular music
Ethnic music works well.
Ethnic Names Learn the meaning of hundreds of African names.
Ethnic names sound beautiful and are very unique.
Ethnic nationalism is an unavoidable fact of life.
Ethnic nationalism presupposes that nations are composed of ethnic groups.
Ethnic neighborhoods abound here.
Ethnic networks provide the means for many new immigrants to start a family business.
Ethnic nights give everyone a chance to share the foods and tastes of their home country.
Ethnic organizations gain more power in Ecuador.
Ethnic organizations share their heritage with schoolchildren.
Ethnic origin can be an important consideration, when reaching decisions.
Ethnic origin can play a role in predisposition for certain health disorders.
Ethnic origin counts in a way it never used to.
Ethnic origin includes, among others, religious belief.
Ethnic origin is helpful for some types of financial aid.
Ethnic origin refers to the ethnic background, regardless of where person is born.
Ethnic origins are varied in Hawaii, another reason for calling it the rainbow state.
Ethnic percentages are also unreliable.
Ethnic percentages vary widely from island to island.
Ethnic pitfall is found.
Ethnic pluralism becomes apparent through a variety of languages and cultural diversity.
Ethnic pluralism is a reality.
Ethnic polarization is the last thing Turkey wants now.
Ethnic population prefers paying cash for their purchases.
Ethnic pride consists of a cultivated awareness and appreciation of one's ethnic heritage.
Ethnic pride is a very good thing .
Ethnic pride is a very good thing.
Ethnic pride is strong.
Ethnic pride runs deep in the family, as does a strong work ethic.
Ethnic problems lead to violence.
Ethnic products are another major trend, especially in haircare and make-up.
Ethnic programming ensures a differentiation or a sense of separateness.
Ethnic projects are our specialty.
Ethnic psychology is the newest subfield.
Ethnic resentments are palpable, and have been worsened by the recent violence.
Ethnic resentments underlie both disputes.
Ethnic restaurants abound in many American cities.
Ethnic restaurants abound.
Ethnic restaurants are a fast-growing segment of the food industry.
Ethnic restaurants are abundant.
Ethnic restaurants are also a great locale for conflict and drama.
Ethnic restaurants are the easiest.
Ethnic restaurants feature a variety of pre-theater dining options.
Ethnic restaurants offer a wide variety of cuisine from all around the world.
Ethnic restaurants serve numerous foods suitable for vegans.
Many ethnic restaurants are available as well as fast food.
Ethnic rivalries emanate from quarrels over scarce resources or land space.
Ethnic segregation is greater now than almost at any other time in Kosovo s turbulent history.
Ethnic segregation is greater now than almost at any other time in Kosovo's turbulent history.
Ethnic segregation is morally wrong.
Ethnic separatism provides a constant irritant to the central Russian leadership.
Ethnic specialties are another special component of the specialty product market.
Ethnic spirit is stressed.
Ethnic stores cater to the diverse palates.
Ethnic strains are concerns.
Ethnic stratification is another interesting use of stratification.
Ethnic strife creates millions of refugees.
Ethnic strife is where it's at in the new century.
Ethnic strife plagues the continent.
Ethnic studies are also a major theme.
Ethnic studies are fields of study.
Ethnic studies are inherently comparative.
Ethnic studies are, by necessity, both multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary.
Ethnic studies attempts to fill the gap where history books continue to fail.
Ethnic studies focuses on the experiences of population sub-groups in urban and regional areas.
Ethnic studies is a subject within a wide variety of disciplines.
Ethnic studies is an established undergraduate degree program.
Ethnic studies is largely about reconstructing their story.
Ethnic Studies Let's look at a few places where political correctness has had a major impact.
Ethnic studies mm.
Many ethnic subsystems take the form of population concentrations.
Ethnic tension is at a low.
Ethnic tensions are few, although Romanian immigrants face discrimination.
Ethnic tensions are high, and killings have occurred in many areas of the country.
Ethnic tensions are likely to increase.
Ethnic tensions continue at an unacceptable level.
Ethnic tensions continue to run high and returning refugees have faced attacks and threats.
Ethnic tensions lead to violence in former Yugoslavia.
Ethnic tensions resurface when refugees attempt to resettle.
Ethnic tensions run high there too.
Ethnic tensions strain to the breaking point, and Bosnia erupts into war.
Ethnic ties are a healthy part of a modern society.
Ethnic tins are highly collectible.
Ethnic violence is punishable by up to five years in jail.
Ethnic war is unwinnable.
Ethnic websites provide another place for ethnic groups to communicate and grow as a group.
All ethnic websites are welcome here.
Ethnic whites are good customers.
Ethnical status is a very subjective social structural element.
Ethnicity affects the postprandial regulation of glycogenolysis.
Ethnicity allows for more inclusion.
Ethnicity also influences a person's susceptibility to aging skin.
Ethnicity also involves location and socio-economic standing.
Ethnicity also plays a role in fat distribution.
Ethnicity also plays a role in what the family teaches.
Ethnicity arises in the exercise of power.
Ethnicity can unite as well as divide.
Ethnicity changes over time at the tract-level.
Ethnicity continues to play a divisive role in Congolese politics.
Ethnicity continues to reflect geographic area.
Ethnicity distinguishes groups by cultural characteristics such as names, language, and religion.
Ethnicity does matter.
Ethnicity Enter the employee's ethnic group as indicated by the employee.
Ethnicity exists in all forms of cinema that is created.
Ethnicity further complicates the matter.
Ethnicity further complicates the notion of a majority community.
Ethnicity generally passes patrilineally, or through the father in Liberia.
Ethnicity has nothing to do with morality.
Ethnicity has to do with a person's genetic and cultural heritage.
Ethnicity has to do with generational heritage and history.
Ethnicity Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Ethnicity intersects in complex ways with gender in Latin America.
Ethnicity is a broad concept that encompasses both genetics and culture.
Ethnicity is a deadly tool used by the manipulator.
Ethnicity is a key element in searching for a possible match.
Ethnicity is a part of the problem because it has been created to be part of the problem.
Ethnicity is a powerful driver.
Ethnicity is a relational concept.
Ethnicity is a shared cultural heritage.
Ethnicity is a.
Ethnicity is about social classifications emerging within relationships.
Ethnicity is alive and well among the people of Kenya.
Ethnicity is also a process, which is changed over time both by social conditions and individuals.
Ethnicity is also problematic.
Ethnicity is an important explanatory variable for both vaginal and rectal penetration.
Ethnicity is another axis of labor stratification.
Ethnicity is another fundamental aspect of the enrollment issue.
Ethnicity is based on a student's voluntary self-report.
Ethnicity is beautiful.
Ethnicity is both a concept and a variable.
Ethnicity is both primordial and situationally instrumental.
Ethnicity is certainly one important aspect, as is race.
Ethnicity is connected to culture because personal history makes national history.
Ethnicity is connected with situations and changes as time goes on.
Ethnicity is distinct from race and nationality.
Ethnicity is easy.
Ethnicity is everywhere.
Ethnicity is important both as a value and a political matter, and for practical reasons.
Ethnicity is important to the way a story is covered.
Ethnicity is irrelevant.
Ethnicity is merely the avenue through which people's frustration becomes manifested.
Ethnicity is more a matter of sentiment than of genetics.
Ethnicity is much more plastic than race.
Ethnicity is nonspecific, but the disease s distribution is geographically determined.
Ethnicity is one.
Ethnicity is only one basis of distinction and difference in Fiji.
Ethnicity is optional.
Ethnicity is part of a rich bouquet.
Ethnicity is permanent.
Ethnicity is quality
Ethnicity is quality.
Ethnicity is recorded separately from race.
Ethnicity is the active expression of culture.
Ethnicity is the fact of the ethnic group.
Ethnicity is the glue holding that society together.
Ethnicity is the great, once-unmentionable undercurrent of American politics.
Ethnicity is the kissing cousin of ethics.
Ethnicity is the people .
Ethnicity is the student's self declared ethnic background.
Ethnicity is there, but peripheral.
Ethnicity is therefore a reality.
Ethnicity lacks the tension frequently associated between local diversity and globalization.
Ethnicity plays a major role in Fiji's politics, economy and society.
Ethnicity plays a major role in risk factors for heart disease.
Ethnicity plays an ambiguous role in the great transformation.
Ethnicity provides much ground for such wear and pain.
Ethnicity refers to shared culture and background.
Ethnicity refers to socially defined cultural characteristics shared by a group of people.
Ethnicity remains one of the leading predictors of educational and economic inequality.
Ethnicity resources Sociology .
Ethnicity See Hispanic origin .
Ethnicity seems to be more complex as one gets into specific areas.
Ethnicity tends to be based on a common culture, language or nationhood.
Ethnicity therefore involves some notion of shared ancestry.
Ethnicity typically relates to nationality.
Ethnicity usually refers to social and linguistic background and often to physical appearance.
All ethnicities are welcome.
All ethnicities welcome.
Any ethnicity is welcomed.
Ethnobotanic drugs are efficacious in treating a broad spectrum of ailments.
Ethnobotany issues are the focus of much public attention.
Ethnocentric attitudes are strong between different subgroups.
Ethnocentric attitudes are strong between subgroups.
Ethnocentric companies follow policies that are home country-oriented.
An ethnocentrism is partisanship
Ethnocentrism can lead to racism when applied to issues of race.
Ethnocentrism can look at things like language , custom , religion and behavior .
Ethnocentrism can look at things like language, custom, religion and behavior.
Ethnocentrism involves applying an oversimplified behavioral pattern to an entire group.
Ethnocentrism is a belief that one s own ethnic group is superior to all other groups.
Ethnocentrism is a belief that one's own culture is better than someone else's.
Ethnocentrism is a by-product of the socialization process.
Ethnocentrism is a cultural judgement.
Ethnocentrism is a fallacy that takes one cultural perspective as universally valid.
Ethnocentrism is a problem.
Ethnocentrism is the belief in the superiority and normalcy of one's own cultural beliefs.
Ethnocentrism is the belief that one s race is superior to all others.
Ethnocentrism is the belief that one's own culture is superior to all others.
Ethnocentrism is the inherent belief that one s own group and culture are superior.
Ethnocentrism is the subject of our second concept analysis in the current issue.
Ethnocentrism is the view that one's culture's way of doing things is the right and natural way.
Ethnocentrism plays many roles in oral literary traditions.
Ethnocentrism provides a source of egotistic satisfaction, through comparing others with oneself.
Ethnocentrism seems to be a universal trait of human experience.
Ethnocentrisms are partiality.
Ethnocultural distinctiveness is perhaps the greatest barrier to receiving care.
Ethnocultural psychotherapy reconciles ethnocultural factors in assessment and treatment.
An ethnographer is an anthropologist
Ethnographers aim to render the strange familiar.
Ethnographers also provide material about many other peoples.
Ethnographers also use documents, archives, memoranda, newsletters, and the like.
Ethnographers are anthropologists.
Ethnographers find many more commensurabilities.
Ethnographers now work in other disciplines as well.
Many ethnographers now work outside university settings.
Ethnographic area is open.
Ethnographic conclusions are, therefore, arrived at only after lengthy consideration.
Ethnographic fieldwork is an option.
Ethnographic fieldwork is made up of people with moods and personalities.
Ethnographic films has an important role in the museum.
Ethnographic groups exist mostly in villages and perform the folklore of their own locality.
Ethnographic information suggests a high labor force participation rate for the Mixtec women.
Ethnographic present means the time period before extensive outside contact.
Ethnographic research has broad implications for many fields, including education.
Ethnographic research is essentially a problem solving activity.
Ethnographic research requires fieldwork.
Ethnographic research uses folklore and geographic methods.
Many ethnographic studies demonstrate that music is a participatory, community-based activity.
Ethnographic writing is evocative, descriptive, and lively.
Ethnographical studies are also, therefore, of prime importance.
An ethnography is anthropology
Ethnographies also caution against over-interpretation of sites.
Ethnographies are anthropology.
Ethnographies are case studies of specific societies.
Ethnographies are exercises in literary talent rather than the presentation of verifiable evidence.
Ethnographies are part of anthropology.
Ethnographies are the studies conducted by anthropologists.
Ethnography involves observing or videotaping consumers using products.
Ethnography looks to the future.
Ethnography proceeds by inductive thinking.
An ethnologist is an anthropologist
Ethnologists involve themselves in the comparative study of extant cultures.
An ethnology is anthropology
Ethnologies are anthropology.
Ethnologies use specialized monographs in order to draw comparisons among various cultures.
Ethnology also opens our minds to potentially more profound mythological landscapes.
Ethnology covers the theoretical aspect of anthropology.
Ethnology focuses on the sociocultural systems of human societies.
Ethnology involves the study of contemporary societies, or societies that exist today.
Ethnology is also a profession.
Ethnology is first of all psychology.
Ethnology is the description of a culture based on observing and interacting with living people.
Ethnology is the science which studies human groups.
Ethnology is the study of human culture on a comparative basis.
Ethnology seeks to offer a systematic firsthand description of a culture.
Ethnology studies human culture in a historic and comparative perspective.
Ethnos erscheint bei ant.
Ethnos is a group
Ethnosemantic outlines are topological arrangements of topic domains.
Ethnosemantic spaces are abstract, symbolic universes or manifolds.
Ethological techniques involve a great deal of observation of natural behavior.
An ethologist is an animal scientist
Ethologist isa biologist.
Ethologists are scientists who study animals in their natural habitats.
Ethologists are scientists.
Ethologists are workers.
Ethologists are zoologists.
Ethologists call it xenophobia.
Ethologists differentiate between goal and cost.
Ethologists have (part) arms.
Ethologists have (part) body substances.
Ethologists have (part) cell membranes.
Ethologists have (part) cells.
Ethologists have (part) corpi.
Ethologists have (part) cytoplasm.
Ethologists have (part) heads.
Ethologists have (part) human bodies.
Ethologists have (part) legs.
Ethologists have (part) material bodies.
Ethologists have (part) necks.
Ethologists have (part) nuclei.
Ethologists have (part) personality.
Ethologists have (part) plasma membranes.
Ethologists have (part) sections.
Ethologists have (part) vacuoles.
Ethologists routinely record animal behavior optically in the field for later analysis.
Ethologists study animal behavior.
Ethologists study behavior.
Ethologists study instinctive behavior.
Ethologists study the behavior of animals in their environments.
Ethologists travel far and wide to observe gene-environment interactions.
Ethologists work in labs.
Many ethologists capture their observations on videotape or audio tape.
Many ethologists capture their observations on videotape or audiotape.
Most ethologists strongly prefer to study behavior in natural settings, or something close to it.
Most ethologists study instinctive behavior.
Most ethologists work in labs.
Some ethologists discover albino gorillas.
Some ethologists discover gorillas.
Ethology emphasizes behavior is a product of evolution and is biologically determined.
Ethology is a discipline of zoology, which is one of the biological sciences.
Ethology is a field of basic biology, like ecology or genetics.
Ethology is a rapidly growing field.
Ethology is a subdiscipline of behaviorism.
Ethology is biology
Ethology is the naturalistic study of behavior from an evolutionary perspective.
Ethology is the scientific study of an animal's behavior in the wild.
Ethology is the scientific study of animal behavior, especially in nature.
Ethology is the scientific study of animal behavior.
Ethology is the scientific study of the behaviour of animals in their natural environments.
Ethology is the study of animal behavior from an evolutionary prospective.
Ethology is the study of animal behavior, based in zoology.
Ethology is the study of animal behaviour in relationship to human behavioural patterns.
Ethology is the study of behavior.
Ethology is the term used for the study of animal behavior.
Ethology is zoology.
Ethology isa biology.
Ethology recognizes that behaviour in animals is governed by motivation.
Ethology too has a mixed parentage.
Ethyl esters are made of one fatty acid attached to one ethanol molecule.
Ethylene bromide is a constituent of antiknock fluid used for leaded gasoline.
Ethylene carbonate demonstrates similar characteristics.
Ethylene glycol can also contaminate groundwater.
Ethylene glycol is a clear, colorless, and sweet tasting liquid.
Ethylene glycol is a nephrotoxin.
Ethylene glycol is an effective rot preservative.
Ethylene glycol is antifreeze
Ethylene glycol is antifreeze.
Ethylene glycol is chemical compounds.
Ethylene glycol is converted to glycoaldehyde by alcohol dehydrogenase.
Ethylene glycol is moderately toxic.
Ethylene glycol is produced commercially almost exclusively by the hydration of ethylene oxide.
Ethylene glycol is the lege, Oxford, but got no degree.
Ethylene glycol is the main component of antifreeze and coolants.
Ethylene glycol is the most common component of automobile radiator antifreeze.
Ethylene glycol is the primary ingredient in antifreeze and other coolants.
Ethylene glycol is used as an antifreeze.
Ethylene glycol is used in making common antifreeze.
Ethylene glycol is used to remove water from natural gas.
Ethylene oxide causes tumors in laboratory animals.
Ethylene oxide is a colourless gas which is toxic to inhale.
Ethylene oxide is chemical compounds.
Ethylene oxide is considered to be a potential human carcinogen.
Ethylene oxide is designated as a hazardous air pollutant.
Ethylene oxide is extremely flammable.
Ethylene oxide is gases.
Ethylene oxide is more volatile than acetaldehyde and water but less volatile than formaldehyde.
Ethylene oxide is used enormously in the United States for medical supplies and equipment.
Ethylene oxide is used to sterilize medical and other equipment.
Ethylene oxide is very soluble in water and is flammable.
Ethylene acts as a negative regulator of the signaling pathway.
Ethylene also accerlerates the ripening process.
Ethylene also causes ripened fruit to drop from the plant.
Ethylene also causes starches to be converted to sugars .
Ethylene also enters the environment from combustion engine exhaust and non-electric heaters.
Ethylene also evolves in the ripening plantain.
Ethylene also induces ripening of many fruits and vegetables .
Ethylene also is flammable and can be toxic to aquatic wildlife.
Ethylene also triggers more ripening among other fruits.
Ethylene burns with a bright flame .
Ethylene can cause the formation of a bitter compound in carrots and possibly parsnips.
Ethylene can have a number of deleterious effects on other products.
Ethylene causes aging in plants and auxin levels stimulate growth.
Ethylene causes changes in dormancy states primarily by breaking dormancy.
Ethylene causes flowers to dry up quickly and go to seed to make more plants.
Ethylene causes leaves and bracts to droop.
Ethylene causes yellowing of leaves, and an increased rate of deterioration.
Ethylene controls the ripening of fruits.
Ethylene dibromide binds to DNA in vitro and in vivo in rodents.
Ethylene dibromide ingested can cause gastroenteritis, liver necrosis, and renal tubular damage.
Ethylene dibromide itself is a very toxic compound.
Ethylene dibromide, reagent grade.
Ethylene differs from other plant hormones in that it a. has only inhibitory effects on plants.
Ethylene enhances the antifungal lipids contents idioblasts from avocado mesocarp.
Ethylene glycol also contributes to significant renal tubular necrosis.
Ethylene glycol can poison young children if swallowed.
Ethylene glycol is first ingredient listed on the antifreeze jug.
Ethylene glycol is odorless but has a sweet taste.
Ethylene glycol is part of a slurry used for polishing in the manufacture of disk storage devices.
Ethylene glycol is present in anti-freeze, coolants, hydraulic fluid, and solvents.
Ethylene glycol is safe and effective as an anti-freeze mixture for automobile radiators.
Ethylene glycol or propylene glycol is only the anti-freeze part.
Ethylene has a very low diffusion rate in water and accumulates in submerged plant parts.
Ethylene has many applications, mainly to make different plastics.
Ethylene has many side effects on tree growth too, so use it judiciously.
Ethylene induces genes required for ripening.
Ethylene inhibits fruit ripening.
Ethylene is a byproduct of the incomplete combustion of fossil fuels such as natural gas and oil.
Ethylene is a colorless gas regarded as the natural aging or ripening hormone.
Ethylene is a colorless, odorless gas that promotes ripening in many fruits and vegetables.
Ethylene is a colorless, slightly sweet-smelling gas .
Ethylene is a common gas in swamps due to decay.
Ethylene is a gas produced by ripe fruits.
Ethylene is a gas that also serves as a plant hormone.
Ethylene is a gas that forms through the breakdown of methionine, which is in all cells.
Ethylene is a gas which is produced by ripening fruits including avocados, bananas and apples.
Ethylene is a gas
Ethylene is a gas.
Ethylene is a gaseous by-product of kerosene combustion, which allows fruit to ripen in sheds.
Ethylene is a growth-inhibiting gas, the equivalent of a hormone in animals.
Ethylene is a hormone that causes plants to grow fruits.
Ethylene is a hormone that induces flowering and fruit ripening.
Ethylene is a natural by product of the ripening process to begin with.
Ethylene is a natural gaseous hormone produced by flowers, fruits, and plants.
Ethylene is a natural hormone that is an essential part of the ripening process.
Ethylene is a natural occurring plant hormone that increases during fruit ripening.
Ethylene is a natural plant growth hormone produced by all fruits and vegetables in natural habitat.
Ethylene is a naturally occurring ripening gas.
Ethylene is a planar molecule.
Ethylene is a plant growth regulator known to alter sex expression in cucumber.
Ethylene is a plant hormone that affects ripening and rotting in plants.
Ethylene is a plant hormone that causes fruit to mature.
Ethylene is a plant hormone that is an implicated regulator of plant growth.
Ethylene is a plant stress exaggerator.
Ethylene is a positive regulator of root hair development in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Ethylene is a potent plant hormone.
Ethylene is alkenes.
Ethylene is also flammable and toxic.
Ethylene is also responsible for growth inhibition, leaf abscission, and aging.
Ethylene is an olefin
Ethylene is bound by a receptor that is membrane-localized.
Ethylene is chemical compounds.
Ethylene is combined with chlorine to make vinyl chloride .
Ethylene is commerically important in fruit ripening.
Ethylene is composed of two carbon atoms but only four hydrogen atoms.
Ethylene is considered to be a plant hormone and a growth regulator.
Ethylene is detected with a flame ionization detector.
Ethylene is evolved from plant tissue, particularly injured and old plant tissue.
Ethylene is gases.
Ethylene is implicated in plant response to flooding.
Ethylene is involved in the regulation of many processes in plants.
Ethylene is known to induce cell death for example in the production of aerenchyma.
Ethylene is made in the chemical industry by steam cracking .
Ethylene is made in the chemical industry by steam cracking.
Ethylene is most well known for hastening fruit ripening.
Ethylene is plant hormones.
Ethylene is processed into a wide range of petrochemical products from car tyres to plastic bags.
Ethylene is produce by fruits and vegetables and speeds up ripening.
Ethylene is produced at a faster rate in rapidly growing and dividing cells, especially in darkness.
Ethylene is said to function as a hormone in plants, acting to hasten the ripening of fruits.
Ethylene is sufficient to promote perianth senescence in a number of flowers.
Ethylene is the first member.
Ethylene is the monomer for polyethylene and styrene for polystyrene.
Ethylene is used in automotive parts, cosmetics and food additives.
Ethylene is used to ripen crops at the same time.
Ethylene is usually the primary gas responsible for pollution injury.
Ethylene makes fruit ripen which inhibits certain plants from maturing fully.
Ethylene negatively regulates local expression of plant defense lectin genes.
Ethylene occurs naturally in tomato and many other plants.
Ethylene plays an important role in the growth and development of plants and in flower senescence.
Ethylene plays multiple roles in modulating gravitropism in tomato.
Ethylene plays multiple roles in modulating the gravitropic response in tomato.
Ethylene promotes fruit ripening and abscission of leaves, flowers, and fruits.
Ethylene promotes the ripening of fruit.
Ethylene quickens ripening in fruits that come in contact with it.
Ethylene regulates the susceptible response to pathogen infection in tomato .
Ethylene ripens fruit and hastens aging in particular parts of the plant.
Ethylene then acts as a hormone to regulate the ripening process.
An ethyne is an organic compound
Ethynes readily form compounds with metal.
Etic approach involves using universally valid measures.
An etiolation is an appearance
Etiolation is the pale spindly growth in plants due to lack of light.
Etiologic factors are the lifestyle factors.
Etiologic pain can be either malignant or nonmalignant and is almost always chronic.
Etiologic pain can be either malignant or nonmalignant.
Etiologic studies fall into two broad categories.
Etiological factors covered include the role of biology, the family and the school.
An etiology is philosophy
Etiologies are causes.
Etiologies are philosophy.
Etiologies vary widely.
Etiology concerns the causative factors in a particular disease.
Etiology encompasses all the possible causes of a disease.
Etiology includes perinatal infections and prenatal intrauterine factors.
Etiology is age dependent.
Etiology is chromosomal nondisjunction during meiosis.
Etiology is considered allergic, usually a hereditary tendency.
Etiology is idiopathic.
Etiology is ill defined.
Etiology is medically unknown.
Etiology is probably similar, and so is the outcome.
Etiology is reviewed from psychological, personality and cultural perspectives.
Etiology is still unknown.
Etiology is the science of the cause of disease.
Etiology is thought to be a combination of psychological, biological, and social factors.
Etiology is unknown and there is no specific therapy.
Etiology is unknown at present.
Etiology is unknown in most cases of leukemia.
Etiology is unknown, but aging, obesity, and joint trauma seem to be disposing.
Etiology is unknown, but autoimmune mechanisms have been implicated.
Etiology is unknown, thought to be either due to a viral infection or an autoimmune response.
Etiology is unknown.
Etiology means cause.
Etiology possibly autoimmune.
Etiology usually is multifactorial.
All etiologies can produce ulcers of variable number, depth, and appearance.
Most etiologies are self-limited and benign.
Etiquette calls for all to participate in a toast.
Etiquette courses, for which no credit is given, are also on the rise on some campuses.
Etiquette dates back thousands of years.
Etiquette is a rule
Etiquette is code of conduct.
Etiquette is rules.
Etiquette principles change over the years to reflect the social values of society.
All etiquette is for self-preservation.
All etiquette is thrown out the cyber-window.
Etruscan Empire ca.
Etruscan princes justify their power through luxury and splendour deriving from oriental courts.
Etruscan vaults are of two kinds.
ETSS students have first priority on the public machines.
An etude is a piece
Etude is a showcase of emerging literary nonfiction writers.
Etude pour la construction des villes.
Etudes are musical compositions.
Etudes are studies.
Etudes link for quizzes.
Some etudes emphasize certain techniques, or certain keys, or specific styles, etc.
An etymologist is a compiler
An etymologist is a linguist
Etymologists are lexicographers.
Etymologists call such words doublets.
Etymologists can often pinpoint the origin of a word or phrase with surprising accuracy.
Etymologists have two theories.
Most etymologists agree that dude arose in New York City.
Most etymologists derive the word from the Dutch doop, a sauce.
Some etymologists think the word river comes from the Greek ereipein, to tear down.
Etymologies trace the origin or derivation of headwords.
Etymology being an uncertain science, many derivations are debatable.
Etymology is continued in order to expand vocabulary.
Etymology is currently one of the main research priorities.
Etymology is defined and questions concerning etymology are addressed.
Etymology is hierarchy.
Etymology is history.
Etymology is science
Etymology is simply the true meaning, origin, or history of a word.
Etymology is straightforward speech.
Etymology is the study of the historical development of words, part of historical linguistics .
Etymology is the study of the history of words.
Etymology is the study of the origin of words.
Etymology is the study of the origins of words.
Etymology is the study of the origins words.
Etymology is the study of where words come from.
Etymology is the study of word histories.
Etymology is the study of word origins.
Etymology is well and good.
Etymology offers insight to the development of our language and, in many cases, our culture.
Etymology provides a safety net of de-mystification.
EU- students can work in Sweden without a work permit.
Eubacteria organisms are unicellular.
An eubacteria is a bacteria
Eubacteria are all other bacteria.
Eubacteria are enclosed by a cell wall.
Eubacteria are the most common organism on the planet and are found everywhere.
Eubacteria are unicellular, microscopic and can live nearly anywhere.
Eubacteria get their nutrition from sunlight and inorganic and organic matter.
Eubacteria have prokaryotic cells and cell walls made of peptidogycan.
Most eubacteria have DNA that is present in a single large circular chromosome.
An eucalypt is gum
Eucalypts are a dominant part of the Australian flora.
Eucalypts are everywhere.
Eucalypts are fire tolerant.
Eucalypts are now the most planted hardwood in the world.
Eucalypts are tolerant of most soil types and have a range of uses.
Eucalypts basically have it easy in cultivation, and take full advantage of it.
Eucalypts dominate high rainfall woodland areas while some extend into drier inland areas.
Eucalypts draw a tremendous amount of water from the soil through the process of transpiration .
Eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil .
Eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil.
Eucalypts grow back quickly after fire .
Eucalypts grow back quickly after fire.
Eucalypts have a habit of dropping entire branches off as they grow .
Eucalypts have a habit of dropping entire branches off as they grow.
Eucalypts have special flowers and fruits that no other trees have .
Eucalypts have special flowers and fruits that no other trees have.
Eucalypts make a lot of nectar , providing food for many insects .
Eucalypts make a lot of nectar, providing food for many insects.
Eucalypts provide budgerigars with suitable nesting hollows.
Eucalypts serve as shelter for many species of native Australian animals and birds.
Eucalypts shade the sun where wildlife abounds, whilst cicadas chirp their song.
Many Eucalypts also change the shape of their leaves as they get older .
Many eucalypts also change the shape of their leaves as they get older.
Many Eucalypts also change the shape of their leaves as they get older.
Most eucalypts can regenerate from seed after fire.
Some eucalypts are more resistant to attack than others.
Eucalyptus oil has aroma.
Eucalyptus oil is volatile oil
Eucalyptus oils vary in chemical composition.
Most eucalyptus oil has aroma.
An eucalyptus tree is gum
Eucalyptus trees are common in Eastern Australia, making the perfect habitat for the koala's diet.
Eucalyptus trees are giant trees native to Australia and California.
Eucalyptus trees are good for rehabilitating the land because they absorb excess salts.
Eucalyptus trees are quick growers and many species reach a great height.
Eucalyptus trees dominate the forests, even in the tropical north.
Eucalyptus trees have deep roots, can live through fires.
Eucalyptus trees release oil droplets into the atmosphere.
Eucalyptus trees release seeds.
All eucalyptus trees are evergreens, but there are many kinds.
Some eucalyptus trees have years.
Some eucalyptus trees produce nectar.
An eucalyptus is wood
Eucalyptus blends well with thyme, rosemary and lavender.
Eucalyptus blossom with ants having a feed.
Eucalyptus isa wood.
Eucalyptuses are plants.
Eucalyptuses are software.
Eucalyptuses are wood.
Eucalyptuses thrash in the darkness.
Some eucalyptuses contain poison.
Some eucalyptuses have effects.
Some eucalyptuses have moisture.
Some eucalyptuses have side effects.
Some eucalyptuses kill animals.
An eucaryote is an organism
Eucaryotes are cells that have their DNA in a nucleus inside the cell.
Eucaryotes have nuclei and other membrane-bounded organelles.
Eucaryotes show up too soon.
Eucaryotic cells understand the signals preceding the synthetase genes of octopine and nopaline.
Some eucaryotic cells are very small.
Eucaryotic flagella are much larger than procaryotic flagella.
Eucharist participation is of high priority.
Eucharistic adoration flows from and to the celebration of the Mass.
Eucharistic adoration is scheduled for several hours each day.
Eucharistic adoration is thus an integral component of Anglo-Catholic spirituality and devotion.
Eucharistic contemplation is the pause in prayer.
Eucharistic contemplation leads inevitably to eucharistic evangelization.
Eucharistic Ministers bring the Eucharist to our homebound parishioners as requested.
Eucharistic Ministers Serve the Eucharistic bread and wine to the assembly.
Eucharistic participation is of high priority.
Eucharistic prayer is enacted in the midst of the community.
Eucharistic rites are also subject to similar changes.
Eucharistic sacrifice leads to eucharistic contemplation.
Eucharistic thanksgiving holds as one the mystery of life and death.
Eucharistic worship is balanced by Eucharistic service.
Euclidean arithmetic has no zero divisors.
Euclidean distance is a natural choice of similarity function for spatial data mining.
Euclidean distance is calculated normally with .
Any Euclidean domain is a principal ideal domain.
Every Euclidean domain is a principal ideal domain.
Euclidean geometry is a description of lines, ellipses, circles, etc.
Euclidean geometry is a first-order theory.
Euclidean geometry is actually a subset of what is known as projective geometry .
Euclidean geometry is needed to describe the trajectory.
Euclidean geometry is one example.
Euclidean geometry is one of clear, neat lines and shapes.
Euclidean geometry is the geometry of flat space.
Euclidean geometry is the kind of geometry that assumes the Euclidean parallel postulate.
Euclidean geometry is the kind taught in schools.
Euclidean geometry is the study of points, lines, planes and other geometric figures.
Euclidean mode is selected by default.
Euclidean space is completely symmetrical under translation.
Euclidean spaces are separable.
EUCS documentation covers general software, especially for PCs.
Eugene police say they're baffled by the anarchists.
Eugenic abortion is justified as being a kindness to defectives.
Eugenic ideas are popular even today.
An euglena is a protozoan
Euglena are able to move through aquatic environments by using a large flagellum for locomotion.
Euglena are animal-like protists.
Euglena are interesting because they are a sort of combination of plant and animal.
Euglena are mixotrophs meaning that they are both autotrophs and heterotrophs.
Euglena are most common in organically rich freshwater environments.
Euglena are small organisms in the Protist Kingdom .
Euglena are unicellular organisms classified into the Kingdom .
Euglena live in a variety of aquatic habitats, both freshwater and marine.
Euglena live in fresh and brackish water habitats rich in organic matter.
Euglena make the water appear green.
Euglenas are flagellates.
Euglenas are primarily photosynthetic.
Euglenas are protozoans.
Euglenas are species.
Euglenas live in a variety of aquatic habitats, both freshwater and marine.
All euglena have .
All euglena have chloroplasts and can make their own food by photosynthesis.
Euglenid fossils are sparse.
Euglenid taxa are shown in bold.
An euglenid is algae
Euglenid isa alga.
Euglenid isa algae.
Euglenids also contain disc-shaped bodies where starch is stored.
Euglenids are a kind of euglenozoan, a clade with a special flagella structure.
Euglenids are either green colored or colorless.
Euglenids are elongated cells that use one or two flagella for movement.
Euglenids are eukaryotes.
Euglenids are flagellates.
Euglenids are photosynthetic flagellates.
Euglenids are small unicellular organisms with two flagella and an eyespot.
Euglenids are the first eukaryotes with an eyespot.
Euglenids have (part) cell membranes.
Euglenids have (part) cells.
Euglenids have (part) corpi.
Euglenids have (part) cytoplasm.
Euglenids have (part) nuclei.
Euglenids have (part) plasma membranes.
Euglenids have (part) sections.
Euglenids have (part) vacuoles.
Euglenids have one or more often two flagella.
Euglenids have the same reproductive scheme with their kinetoplastid.
Euglenids reproduce asexually by dividing longitudinally.
All Euglenids use photosynthesis.
Many euglenids engulf prey by phagocytosis.
Most euglenids have two flagella that come out of flagellar pockets.
Most euglenids live in freshwater.
Some euglenids have chloroplasts that contain the photosynthetic pigments chlorophyll a and b.
Some euglenids possess flagella.
An euglenoid is algae
Euglenoids also have a contractile vacuole, like many other protists, for eliminating excess water.
Euglenoids also have two flagella.
Euglenoids are a group of multi-celled protists.
Euglenoids are a small phylum of freshwater unicellular algae.
Euglenoids are autotropic and heterotropic.
Euglenoids are biflagellated unicells, about a third of which are pigmented and photosynthetic.
Euglenoids are eukaryotes, and reproduce by fission.
Euglenoids are green or brown and swim with their flagellum, too.
Euglenoids are like animals in that they are motile and responsive to outside stimuli.
Euglenoids are microscopic and single celled.
Euglenoids are mostly freshwater unicellular organisms.
Euglenoids are single cellular organisms with euglena like features.
Euglenoids are unicellular and share properties of both plants and animals.
Euglenoids can be either autotrophic or heterotrophic.
Euglenoids descend from an ancestor that took up green algae by secondary endosymbiosis .
Euglenoids have a stigma or eyespot that contains pigments.
Euglenoids have an extensive endomembrane system.
Euglenoids have characteristics of both autotrophs and heterotrophs.
Euglenoids have greenish cells and swim with a flagellum.
Euglenoids lack cell walls.
Euglenoids multiply via mitosis, and have never been observed to reproduce sexually.
Euglenoids possess cytoplasts.
Euglenoids possess plant like as well as animal like characters.
Euglenoids reproduce asexually by dividing lengthwise into two.
Euglenoids Shown below are some of the euglenoid collecting sites in New Jersey.
Euglenoids store their energy as paramylon, a type of polysaccharide.
All euglenoids have a flagellum, whereas the kinetoplastids have a kinetoplast.
Many euglenoids undergo active metaboly, squirming about, during cytokinesis.
Most euglenoids are freshwater organisms.
Some euglenoids are pear-shaped and called 'phacus'.
Some euglenoids are photosynthetic.
Some euglenoids have pellicles with few, longitudinally arranged pellicle strips.
Some euglenoids live entirely as heterotrophs.
Euhedral gold occurs as aggregates or as single dodecahedral or elongate crystals.
Euipment failure is to blame for a near disaster in the skies over South Korea.
Eukaryote cells have many different internal membranes and structures , called organelles .
Eukaryote cells have many different internal membranes and structures, called organelles.
Eukaryote protists have special organelles , and some bacteria also produce light .
Eukaryote protists have special organelles, and some bacteria also produce light.
An eukaryote is an organism
Eukaryote isa organism.
Eukaryotes also have enhancer regions to control gene expression.
Eukaryotes are a bit more complicated.
Eukaryotes are a descendant of prokaryotes but are no longer classified underneath that branch.
Eukaryotes are cells that can do anything.
Eukaryotes are cells that have their DNA in a nucleus inside the cell.
Eukaryotes are cells which have a nucleus and organelles .
Eukaryotes are colonies.
Eukaryotes are complex cells with many organelles and other structures in the cell .
Eukaryotes are complex cells with many organelles and other structures in the cell.
Eukaryotes are far more metabolically diverse than prokaryotes.
Eukaryotes are limited in the forms of nitrogen they can use.
Eukaryotes are more closely related to archaebacteria.
Eukaryotes are more related to archaebacteria than are eubacteria are to archaebacteria.
Eukaryotes are much larger and more complex than bacteria, and have many more genes.
Eukaryotes are organisms made of cells with a nucleus and membrane-bound organelles.
Eukaryotes are organisms that do store genetic material in their nucleus.
Eukaryotes are organisms that hold their chromosomes in a nucleus.
Eukaryotes are organisms whose cells contain complex structures enclosed within membranes.
Eukaryotes are organisms.
Eukaryotes are simply a milti-cellular organisms.
Eukaryotes are the organisms made up of eukaryotic cells.
Eukaryotes are very good at endocytosis .
Eukaryotes are what single cell organism evolved from.
Eukaryotes can be unicellular or multicellular.
Eukaryotes can move using flagella or motile cilia.
Eukaryotes can operate their metabolic processes on less food.
Eukaryotes carry their DNA packaged in chromosomes inside the cell nucleus.
Eukaryotes contain DNA associated with protein.
Eukaryotes contain many subcellular compartments called organelles.
Eukaryotes contain true nuclei with linear chromosomes and membrane bound organelles.
Eukaryotes control gene expression at the level of a. transcription.
Eukaryotes differ from earlier prokaryotes in that they have a nucleus.
Eukaryotes divide by meiosis for sexual reproduction.
Eukaryotes divide by mitosis or meiosis.
Eukaryotes do it very differently.
Eukaryotes have (part) cell membranes.
Eukaryotes have (part) cells.
Eukaryotes have (part) corpi.
Eukaryotes have (part) cytoplasm.
Eukaryotes have (part) nuclei.
Eukaryotes have (part) plasma membranes.
Eukaryotes have (part) sections.
Eukaryotes have (part) vacuoles.
Eukaryotes have a distinct nucleus and distinct organelles.
Eukaryotes have a more sophisticated transcription regulation mechanism than prokaryotes.
Eukaryotes have a nucleus with linear chromosomes that are much more complex.
Eukaryotes have a nucleus, and a more complex cell structure.
Eukaryotes have a number of membrane-bound compartments that are used for a variety of purposes.
Eukaryotes have a simple cell structure compared to prokaryotes.
Eukaryotes have diverse cell shapes.
Eukaryotes have flagella.
Eukaryotes have large nuclear genomes, located on a number of chromosomes.
Eukaryotes have many and prokaryotes have few.
Eukaryotes have many membrane- bound organelles.
Eukaryotes have many organelles.
Eukaryotes have MANY origins of replication, all of which run concurrently.
Eukaryotes have more than one RNA polymerase.
Eukaryotes have motility.
Eukaryotes have much more non-coding DNA than bacteria or archaea.
Eukaryotes have multiple linear chromosomes.
Eukaryotes have nuclei and membrane bound structures within their cells.
Eukaryotes have several complicated chromosomes.
Eukaryotes have the high energy efficiency needed to develop complexity.
Eukaryotes have their electron transport system internally, in mitochondria.
Eukaryotes have unique membrane bound organelles that can carry out specialized sets of reactions.
Eukaryotes include ciliates.
Eukaryotes is derived from the roots eu meaning typical, and karyon meaning nucleus.
Eukaryotes move much faster than prokaryotes.
Eukaryotes possess linear chromosomes, a membrane-bound nucleus and complex organelles.
Eukaryotes seem to have originated as a mutualism between prokaryotes.
Eukaryotes typically have their DNA arranged in a number of linear chromosomes.
Eukaryotes wrap their DNA around proteins called histones.
All eukaryotes have mitochondria -compartment specialized for aerobic respiration.
Many eukaryotes also have primary cilia.
Many eukaryotes have cell walls.
Most Eukaryotes are unicellular and multicellularity evolved many times independently in eukaryotes.
Most eukaryotes have a short, tandemly repeated DNA sequence motif on their chromosome ends.
Most eukaryotes have at least some diploid cells in their life cycles.
Most eukaryotes have flagella.
Most eukaryotes have mitochondria, and all multi-cellular eukaryotes do.
Most eukaryotes have motility.
Most eukaryotes reproduce sexually.
Some eukaryotes absorb nutrients.
Some eukaryotes also have a cell wall.
Some eukaryotes are single-cell organisms.
Some eukaryotes cause diseases.
Some eukaryotes have a flagellum, which has a more complex structure than that of prokaryotes.
Some eukaryotes have cell structures.
Some eukaryotes have cell walls.
Some eukaryotes have chloroplasts.
Some eukaryotes have complex internal structures.
Some eukaryotes have complex structures.
Some eukaryotes have great values.
Some eukaryotes have internal structures.
Some eukaryotes have nuclei.
Some eukaryotes have quality.
Some eukaryotes have structures.
Some eukaryotes have values.
Some eukaryotes require proteins.
Some eukaryotes undergo binary fission.
Some eukaryotes undergo fission.
Eukaryotic algas have appendages.
Eukaryotic algas have whiplike appendages.
Most eukaryotic algas have appendages.
Most eukaryotic algas have whiplike appendages.
Many eukaryotic algae have whiplike appendages called flagella attached to their cell walls.
Eukaryotic ancestors have alternation.
Most eukaryotic ancestors have alternation.
Eukaryotic cell has a nucleus.
Eukaryotic cell is known as a cell with a well developed nucleus.
Eukaryotic cells are able to constitute multicelled animals and plants.
Eukaryotic cells are also much larger than prokaryotic cells.
Eukaryotic cells are called so because they have a true nucleus .
Eukaryotic cells are capable of phagocytosis and endocytosis.
Eukaryotic cells are capable of sexual reproduction requiring meiosis and fertilization.
Eukaryotic cells are cells which have a nucleus and contain internal structures called organelles.
Eukaryotic cells are cells with a true nucleus.
Eukaryotic cells are cells.
Eukaryotic cells are considerably more complicated.
Eukaryotic cells are fairly complicated and have numerous parts to keep track of.
Eukaryotic cells are larger and more complex.
Eukaryotic cells are larger than prokaryotic cells.
Eukaryotic cells are larger, have a membrane bound nucleus and various cellular organelles.
Eukaryotic cells are more complex and are found in plants, animals and fungi.
Eukaryotic cells are more complex cells and are found in plants, animals and fungi.
Eukaryotic cells are much bigger than bacterial cells.
Eukaryotic cells are much larger and more advanced.
Eukaryotic cells are on average much larger and internally more complex than prokaryotic cells.
Eukaryotic cells are subdivided by internal membranes into various membrane enclosed organelles.
Eukaryotic cells are symbiotic colonies of prokaryotes many of the symbionts called organelles.
Eukaryotic cells are the plants and animal cells.
Eukaryotic cells are themselves a group of formerly independent organisms.
Eukaryotic cells are usually much bigger than prokaryotes .
Eukaryotic cells are usually much bigger than prokaryotes.
Eukaryotic cells are well structured units with a membrane bound organelles like nucleus.
Eukaryotic cells can differentiate and organize making it possible for multicellularity.
Eukaryotic cells characterize all forms of life except the bacteria.
Eukaryotic cells contain a nucleus, in which DNA resides.
Eukaryotic cells contain a nucleus.
Eukaryotic cells contain membrane bound organelles.
Eukaryotic cells contain membranous cytoplasmic organelles.
Eukaryotic cells contain special energy centers.
Eukaryotic cells contain specialized structures surrounded by membranes.
Eukaryotic cells grow and reproduce through a complex sequence of events called the cell cycle .
Eukaryotic cells have a complex cytoskeletal system.
Eukaryotic cells have a highly evolved process of 'secretion'.
Eukaryotic cells have a membrane enclosed nucleous which contains the organism's DNA .
Eukaryotic cells have a much longer doubling time than bacteria.
Eukaryotic cells have a much more complex structure than bacteria.
Eukaryotic cells have a nucleus and have membrane enclosed organelles.
Eukaryotic cells have a nucleus and membrane-bound organelles.
Eukaryotic cells have a nucleus and other membrane-bound compartments.
Eukaryotic cells have a nucleus containing several elongated DNA-bearing chromosomes.
Eukaryotic cells have a nucleus enclosed by a membrane.
Eukaryotic cells have a nucleus which contains the cellular genes in the form of chromatin.
Eukaryotic cells have a true nuclei that has DNA in it.
Eukaryotic cells have cell components called organelles.
Eukaryotic cells have internal membranes that surround the nucleus and other internal structures.
Eukaryotic cells have many of the same organelles.
Eukaryotic cells have membrane-bound organelles.
Eukaryotic cells have more chromosomes to copy than prokaryotic cells.
Eukaryotic cells have more genes than Prokaryotic cells.
Eukaryotic cells have nuclei and organelles that are separated from the cytoplasm by membranes.
Eukaryotic cells have only one chromosome whereas eukaryotic cells have many.
Eukaryotic cells have the same general layout.
Eukaryotic cells have their DNA packaged in a nucleus.
Eukaryotic cells have two copies of genes per cell.
Eukaryotic cells possess a substantial amount of internal membrane.
Eukaryotic cells reproduce using either mitosis or meiosis.
Eukaryotic cells reproduce via the creation of two identical diploid cells from one diploid cell.
Eukaryotic cells respond to a greater range of regulatory stimuli .
Eukaryotic cells synthesize proteins for thousands of different functions.
Eukaryotic cells work in synchrony thanks to cyclic AMP and prostaglandins.
All eukaryotic cells contain a network of microtubules.
All eukaryotic cells contain endoplasmic reticulum.
All eukaryotic cells contain organelles .
All eukaryotic cells contain organelles that serve as the machinery to carry out various tasks.
All eukaryotic cells have a complex three dimensional organization.
All eukaryotic cells have a similar general layout.
All eukaryotic cells have certain structures.
All eukaryotic cells have endoplasmic reticulum except the red blood cells of mammals.
All eukaryotic cells own an external bilayered phospholipidic membrane.
All eukaryotic cells require oxygen for their more complicated and more efficient metabolism.
Most eukaryotic cells have a mitochondia.
Most eukaryotic cells have a nucleus.
Some eukaryotic cells are very small.
Eukaryotic chemotaxis is a fascinating biological phenomenon.
Eukaryotic chromosomes are chromosomes.
Eukaryotic chromosomes are linear, with the double helix sealing up at the two distant ends.
Eukaryotic chromosomes contain very regular structures called nucleosomes.
Eukaryotic chromosomes have hundreds or thousands of replication origins.
Eukaryotic chromosomes have multiple points of origin and multiple termini.
Eukaryotic chromosomes occur in the cell in greater numbers than prokaryotic chromosomes.
Eukaryotic flagella is made of microtubules.
Eukaryotic genes show colinearity between genes and gene products.
Many eukaryotic genes contain large numbers of exons.
Many eukaryotic genes have two stop codons located close to each other at the end of the gene.
Eukaryotic genomes are much more complex than prokaryotic genomes.
Eukaryotic genomes consist of a. a single circular chromosome.
Eukaryotic genomes have numerous nucleosomes .
Some eukaryotic life depends on services.
Eukaryotic lineages are marked by circles.
Eukaryotic messages contain a tail of poly A. a.
Eukaryotic organisms have a similar type of reproductive method known as mitosis .
Eukaryotic organisms have activities.
Eukaryotic organisms include amoebas.
Eukaryotic organisms posses the nucleus and cell organelles.
Eukaryotic organisms undergo reproduction.
Eukaryotic organisms undergo sexual reproduction.
All eukaryotic organisms have mitochondria.
All eukaryotic organisms living in water, however, face some problem with their oxygen supply.
Many eukaryotic organisms are single celled, like the amoeba.
Most eukaryotic organisms are aerobic.
Most eukaryotic organisms have activities.
Most eukaryotic organisms undergo sexual reproduction.
Some eukaryotic organisms contain chlorophyll pigment.
Some eukaryotic organisms contain pigment.
Some eukaryotic organisms have majorities.
Some eukaryotic organisms have materials.
Some eukaryotic organisms have organelles.
Eukaryotic peptides are in the L-conformation.
Eukaryotic photosynthesis is the result of endosymbiosis.
Eukaryotic plants contain chloroplasts.
Most eukaryotic plants contain chloroplasts.
Eukaryotic promoters are extremely diverse and are difficult to characterize.
Eukaryotic proteins are often modified post-translationally.
Eukaryotic proteins exhibit differences in cell localization and polarity.
Eukaryotic ribosomes function either free in the cytosol or bound to endomembranes.
Every eukaryotic species has a characteristic number of chromosomes in each cell nucleus.
Every eukaryotic species has a characteristic number of chromosomes in the nucleus.
Eukaryovorous euglenids are paraphyletic.
Eulerian advection is utilized in advancing the temperature equation.
Eulerian paths have interesting properties, both mathematically and computationally.
An eulogy is praise
Eulogies abound in classical texts.
Eulogies can be remarkable, moving experiences for speakers and audience members.
An eunuch is a man
Eunuchs also resent being treated as men in the census count.
Eunuchs are a little bit different anyway.
Eunuchs are male animals.
Eunuchs are men.
Eunuchs are on a roll.
Eunuchs are present throughout the Bible, almost always working on the side of good.
Eunuchs are proverbially lazy.
Eunuchs are without social standing in most parts of India.
Eunuchs burn incense the while, and sprinkle rose-water on the guests.
Eunuchs create no semen.
Eunuchs have no vas deferens.
Eunuchs live in isolated groups, ostracized by Indian society.
All eunuchs belong to a small group called a toli, consisting of a guru and a chela.
Euonymous scale is a predator of ornamental plants in New Jersey.
Euonymus plants are easy to grow.
Euonymus plants offer the landscape designer several choices in structure and foliage color.
Euonymus scale appears as white flecks on the leaves and stems.
Euonymus scale have one to three generations per year, depending on the climate.
Euonymus scale is difficult to control.
Euonymus scale is occasionally a problem.
Euonymus scale looks like someone took salt and pepper and coated the backs of the leaves and stems.
Eupharma laboratories ltd.
An euphemism is expression
Euphemism conceals much.
Euphemism conceals the degree, extent or true nature of negative information .
Euphemism is also a political tool.
Euphemism is more clearly a distancing strategy, for example, than passive.
Euphemism is out.
Euphemisms abound when people resort to deceit in attempting to convince others.
Euphemisms abound. . . .
Euphemisms are an easy way to skirt a difficult and emotional issue like death.
Euphemisms are fragile organisms, surprisingly sensitive to the outside environment.
Euphemisms are sayings.
Euphemisms are very common, especially about events connected with death.
Euphemisms can be tactful or deliberately deceptive.
Euphemisms can be unclear.
Euphemisms do no one any good.
Euphemisms occur in many languages in connection with cursing.
Euphemisms typically whitewash unbecoming corporate practices.
Some euphemisms are intended to be humorous.
Some euphemisms eventually attract such knowing derision that their useful life is abbreviated.
Euphonious names are preferred.
Euphonious names can create a pleasant first impression.
An euphonium is a tuba
Euphonium comes from the Greek word for sweet voiced, hence the adjective euphonious.
Euphoniums are basically silver and brass in colour.
Euphoniums are brass instruments.
Euphoniums are usually bell up instruments, as seen in the picture.
Euphoniums usually supplement the melody line, and sometimes are used as solo voices.
Euphoria can be a symptom of hyperthyroidism .
Euphoria can be a symptom of hyperthyroidism.
Euphoria can be a symptom of some mental illnesses .
Euphoria can be a symptom of some mental illnesses.
Euphoria does end, or at least it takes a rest from time to time.
Euphoria does more error checking than any other popular language.
Euphoria erupts when the sales counter ticks to one.
Euphoria exaggerates gift.
Euphoria exists when amazing creations are shared.
Euphoria helps to promote joy, playfulness and a sense of well being.
Euphoria helps to promote joy, playfulness, and a sense of well being.
Euphoria is a better term.
Euphoria is a sign of poor readiness.
Euphoria Is Dead .
Euphoria is elation.
Euphoria is high spirits
Euphoria is one of the simplest and easiest of all languages to learn.
Euphoria leads to carelessness.
Euphoria takes over.
Euphoric drug taking gives one a sense of personal control.
Euphoric feelings reign.
Eupotamic plankton is confined to fresh waters and tychopotamic plankton are found in streams.
Euraildrive pass allows four first class rail days plus two car days in a two-month period.
Eurasia has (part) Afghanistan.
Eurasia has (part) Andorra.
Eurasia has (part) Asia.
Eurasia has (part) Asian countries.
Eurasia has (part) Asian nations.
Eurasia has (part) Asian Russia.
Eurasia has (part) Austria.
Eurasia has (part) Bangladesh.
Eurasia has (part) Belarus.
Eurasia has (part) Belgium.
Eurasia has (part) Bhutan.
Eurasia has (part) Bulgaria.
Eurasia has (part) Caspian.
Eurasia has (part) England.
Eurasia has (part) Estonia.
Eurasia has (part) Europe.
Eurasia has (part) Finland.
Eurasia has (part) France.
Eurasia has (part) Germany.
Eurasia has (part) Greece.
Eurasia has (part) Holland.
Eurasia has (part) Hungary.
Eurasia has (part) Iceland.
Eurasia has (part) India.
Eurasia has (part) Iran.
Eurasia has (part) Iraq.
Eurasia has (part) Ireland.
Eurasia has (part) Italy.
Eurasia has (part) Jordan.
Eurasia has (part) Kazakhstan.
Eurasia has (part) Kyrgyzstan.
Eurasia has (part) Latvia.
Eurasia has (part) Lebanon.
Eurasia has (part) Liechtenstein.
Eurasia has (part) Moldova.
Eurasia has (part) Monaco.
Eurasia has (part) Mongolia.
Eurasia has (part) Nepal.
Eurasia has (part) Netherlands.
Eurasia has (part) Oman.
Eurasia has (part) Pakistan.
Eurasia has (part) Poland.
Eurasia has (part) Portugal.
Eurasia has (part) Qatar.
Eurasia has (part) Romania.
Eurasia has (part) Russia.
Eurasia has (part) Scotland.
Eurasia has (part) Slovakia.
Eurasia has (part) Spain.
Eurasia has (part) Switzerland.
Eurasia has (part) Syria.
Eurasia has (part) Tajikistan.
Eurasia has (part) Tibet.
Eurasia has (part) Turkmenistan.
Eurasia has (part) Ukraine.
Eurasia has (part) Uzbekistan.
Eurasia has (part) Yemen.
Eurasia isa thing.
Eurasian animals call it home.
Eurasian badgers eat earthworms.
Eurasian badgers live in environments.
Most eurasian badgers eat earthworms.
Most eurasian badgers live in environments.
Some eurasian badgers damage agricultural crops.
Some eurasian badgers prey on rabbits.
Some eurasian badgers transmit diseases.
Eurasian beavers are also monogamous creatures, just like their buddies across the pond.
Some eurasian beavers feed on leaves.
Eurasian birds catch insects.
Some eurasian birds have territory.
Eurasian blackberries are an extremely variable complex of small apomictic species.
Eurasian cranes are native to northern Asia and Europe.
Eurasian eagles have flight.
Most eurasian eagles have flight.
Some eurasian eagles reach maturity.
Eurasian lynx have long, prominent black ear tufts, and short black-tipped tails.
Eurasian lynxes are a potential predator of cubs.
Eurasian lynxes have brown coats.
Eurasian lynxes have coats.
Most Eurasian lynxes are in Russia .
Most Eurasian lynxes are in Russia.
Most eurasian lynxes have brown coats.
Most eurasian lynxes have coats.
Eurasian milfoil is a problem.
Eurasian milfoil is kin to our native Northern milfoil.
Eurasian milfoil obstructs flood control methods, water conservation, drainage and irrigation works.
Eurasian milfoil stems and closeup of a single leaf.
Some Eurasian mythology recalls of a very long day, American mythology a very long night.
Eurasian whites are the premier wrestlers and weight lifters in the world.
Euratom loans are also consider-ed for projects in the Ukraine and Russia.
Eureka synchronization has several uses, including database searches.
Eurhythmic art operates with special forms of expression, special rhythms.
Euro banknotes use rare earth chemistry to defeat counterfeiters.
EURO bit applies a complete strategy for optimizing a Web site's Internet visibility .
Euro cheques are exchangeable directly into any of the currencies in the eurozone.
Euro currency appears in banks and ATMs.
Euro currency locales, the latest euro currency standards, and useful euro internet links.
Euro dishwashers are more expensive to buy but cheaper to use.
Euro inflation rises.
All euro notes are legal tender in all countries of the euro area.
Euro payments are also acceptable see 'How to Pay' Page .
Euro payments using credit and debit cards are also possible.
Euro pricing is available on request.
Euro style is great in the showroom but it sucks canal water in out here in the real world.
An euro is an unit
Euros are currency.
Euros are now available.
Euros become sole legal currency in member countries.
Euros click here.
Euros only needs to be paid once no obstacles remain to the trade mark being granted.
Euros pour le financement des recherches du laboratoire du laur at.
Eurocentric elitism is always a challenging pose to maintain.
Eurodollar CDs are only as good as the banks they represent.
Eurodollar deposits are direct obligations of the commercial banks accepting the deposits.
Eurodollar deposits play a major role in the international capital market.
Eurodollar rates are generally higher, since they embed the default risk of the issuing bank.
Euroline buses run from Paris to cities all over Europe.
Euromoney magazine addresses major issues in global business and finance.
Europe has (part) Albania.
Europe has (part) Andorra.
Europe has (part) Austria.
Europe has (part) Belarus.
Europe has (part) Belgium.
Europe has (part) Berkshire.
Europe has (part) Bulgaria.
Europe has (part) Caledonia.
Europe has (part) Cornwall.
Europe has (part) Croatia.
Europe has (part) Cumbria.
Europe has (part) Devon.
Europe has (part) England.
Europe has (part) Essex.
Europe has (part) Estonia.
Europe has (part) Finland.
Europe has (part) France.
Europe has (part) Germany.
Europe has (part) Gloucestershire.
Europe has (part) Greece.
Europe has (part) Hampshire.
Europe has (part) Hertfordshire.
Europe has (part) Holland.
Europe has (part) Hungary.
Europe has (part) Iceland.
Europe has (part) Ireland.
Europe has (part) Italy.
Europe has (part) Kent.
Europe has (part) Lancashire.
Europe has (part) Latvia.
Europe has (part) Leicestershire.
Europe has (part) Liechtenstein.
Europe has (part) Lincolnshire.
Europe has (part) Luxembourg.
Europe has (part) Macedonia.
Europe has (part) Moldova.
Europe has (part) Monaco.
Europe has (part) Nancy.
Europe has (part) Netherlands.
Europe has (part) Northumberland.
Europe has (part) Poland.
Europe has (part) Portugal.
Europe has (part) Romania.
Europe has (part) Scotland.
Europe has (part) Slovakia.
Europe has (part) Somerset.
Europe has (part) Spain.
Europe has (part) Spanish capital.
Europe has (part) Sussex.
Europe has (part) Switzerland.
Europe has (part) Ukraine.
Europe has (part) Vienna.
Europe has (part) Yorkshire.
Europe is part of Eurasia.
Europe isa thing.
Most European accommodations charge an additional amount for single occupancy.
European agreements work toward that end.
European agriculture enjoys massive subsidies at the expense of European taxpayers.
European agriculture is also about the environment, consumers and food safety.
European agriculture is among the safest in the world.
European airlines plan to pool their data.
Most European airlines use consolidators.
Some European airports have too much traffic, but most have too little.
Some european alders have leaves.
European allies are less belligerent, but uneasy.
European allies are less than thrilled.
European analysts remain concerned.
Some european ancestors leave residues.
European antiques fill the rooms, which are decorated in an elegant, Southwestern style.
European apricots are self-pollinating.
Some European archeologists think they represent the sun or sun god.
European arrivals continue to rise, though at a lower rate.
Most European artists are tired, starting on the day they are born, with the world of art.
European artwork adorns both public and private space.
European astrolabes lack a consistently high quality in the nomogrammes for centuries.
European astronomers have a significant share in the scientific utilisation of Hubble.
European audiences are well-informed and quite intense.
Many European authorities are worried about the dissemination of pornography on the Internet.
European badgers are fastidiously clean animals which regularly clear out and discard old bedding.
European badgers feed on insects.
European badgers have an extensive vocal repertoire.
European badgers have few natural enemies.
Most european badgers feed on insects.
European baggage is unloaded.
European banks are the most heavily exposed to East Asian countries hit by the financial crisis.
European banks continue to account for most of the credit supplied to the region.
European banks figure prominently in the survey.
European banks tend to use technology as a differentiator.
European bankers keep threatening to intervene to try to drive up the value.
Many European bats are aerial insectivores which catch insects on the wing by echolocation .
European beauties dominate the winners circle.
European bees adapt to climates.
European bees adapt to conditions.
European bees have almost no resistance, and the mite has proved fatal to millions of colonies.
Most european bees adapt to climates.
Most european bees adapt to conditions.
European beech is a really light colored wood, and consumers favored pale wood for years.
Some european beeches have leaves.
Some european beeches have requirements.
European beef comes predominately from bulls, American from steers.
European beer is by far the most popular, with the German beers topping the charts.
European bias sets Western society as highest and others in comparison.
European biotechs are more financially secure than ever before.
European birch tends to be more susceptible to borers than the native paper birch.
European birds go to African coasts, lakes and rivers, mostly south of the Sahara.
European bison are occasional visitors near the Polish border, where there are also moose.
European bison are ruminants that eat grasses and herbs as well as buds, leaves, twigs and bark.
European bison are social animals.
European bison are the largest native herbivores in Europe.
European bison feed on grass.
European bison find food.
European bison forage in areas.
European bison have diets.
European bison have more browse in their diet in the wild.
European bison have natural predators.
European bison have no natural predators.
European bison have opportunity.
European bison have predators.
European bison have ribs.
European bison is also taller at the shoulder than the American bison.
European bison live in environments.
Most european bison feed on grass.
Most european bison find food.
Most european bison have diets.
Most european bison have natural predators.
Most european bison have opportunity.
Most european bison have predators.
Most european bison live in environments.
European bookstore provides online services in different countries.
European borers can spend the winter as eggs on grasses and weeds such as ragweed.
Many European bosses have misgivings when it comes to the creation of shareholder value.
European botanists describe plants.
Most european botanists describe plants.
European bread is our specialty including one of our most popular - sour dough bread.
European breakfasts are different, too.
Many European breeders migrate south across the Sahara to winter in equatorial Africa.
European breweries are interested in gaining a foothold in the Latin American beer market.
European brokers poll The new frontier is cross-sector research.
European brokers poll.
European brokers survey.
European brown hares change behavior.
European buckthorn has small alternate simple leaves, black berries, and a flaky bark.
European buckthorn is a shrub or small tree native to warm-temperate Eurasia.
European business has for some time now been aware of the increase in trade.
European business is braced for an on-line information boom, claims latest research.
European business is soft.
European business takes the cake when it comes to investment in U.S. companies.
European businesses tend to look for ways to cooperate while U.K. businesses compete.
European butter is expensive.
European cable falls broadly into two camps.
European campaign aims to lift the burden of work-related musculoskeletal disorders.
European campgrounds become meeting grounds for cyclists and other independent travelers.
European campgrounds have great showers and washing facilities.
European capitals are one and a half-hour flight from here.
Some European captives ask for simplified regulation.
European cars are on the second floor.
European cars are the size of sardine cans.
European cars Look no further.
Most European cars have a switch that turns on extra-bright auxillary rear fog lamps.
European carp have a small mouth with no teeth and one pair of barbels at each corner of the mouth.
European CATS are much younger, dating back to the early eighties.
European centres can offer bigger water, at a price.
European charm comes together American design.
European cheques are almost impossible to cash here.
European cinema is the only market for character studies similar to stage plays.
Many European cites have serious problems of poverty and social exclusion in particular districts.
European citizens deserve to be treated intelligently.
European citizens insist on a high level of health care.
European citizens pay growing attention to justice and home affairs.
European citizens recall their experiences.
European citizens share a common passport.
All European citizens are essentially a community with a joint destiny and a shared life.
All European citizens benefit from a policy of active co-operation.
European cities are much older, and it s very difficult to redesign a city once it s been built.
European cities are on the other hand very homogenious.
European cities tend to have population densities more than four times that of U.S. urban areas.
Many European cities face the same kinds of problems.
Many European cities have their own weekly stamp markets.
Most European cities are less than two hours away by plane.
Most European cities are still desirable places for people to live and enjoy an urban lifestyle.
Most European cities have more than one train station.
European climate is linked to surface conditions in the North Atlantic Ocean.
European clubs like to moan about South America's marathon World Cup qualification campaign.
European collaboration is also a possibility.
Some european colonies contain bees.
Some european colonies contain workers.
European comedy shows love taking shots at America.
Some European commentators give stronger emphasis to the historical dimension.
European companies are also major actors on the international market.
European companies are more resistant to change than the Japanese companies.
European companies can buy directly from the warehouse in Rotterdam or the factory in China.
European companies can e-mail receipts to India for processing by accountants overnight.
European companies can only fight off global companies by becoming global companies themselves.
European companies demand cheaper and more flexible access to capital.
European companies depend on our ability to defend their interests.
European companies face a tougher challenge than do their American rivals.
European companies have to be competitive if they are to compete in world markets.
European companies infiltrate U.S. credit-insurance firms.
European companies use energy and raw materials more efficiently than their U.S. competitors.
Some European companies give a month for vacation.
European competition is tough.
European competition poses a challenge for sides in terms of playing style.
European consumers are very sensitive at the moment.
European consumers get crucial information because genetically modified products are labeled.
European Consumers Pay More.
European consumers require and are entitled to.
European consumers seem suspicious of the new medium.
European consumers show they are strongly concerned about their food.
European consumers tend to view farms as public natural areas where they can visit on weekends.
European contacts are welcome and different forms of partnership are possible.
European cooks like to use dried, ground ginger to flavor gingerbread and other baked goods.
European cooperation is less and less directed towards the funding of projects.
European cooperation is on the threshold of major changes.
European countries appear to hold substantial reservations about the program.
European countries are all very dependent on each other.
European countries are also major alumina producers but with limited bauxite deposits.
European countries are countries.
European countries are in the vanguard of converting their payment cards to carry a chip.
European countries are less idealistic in that aspect.
European countries are major purchasers of Canadian pulp and timber.
European countries begin colonizing.
European countries boast magnificent sights, splendid art, delicious food, and exciting recreation.
European countries differ greatly as to nationality laws and the naming of children.
European countries differ in their approaches to regulating the trucking industry.
European countries do a much better job of protecting their children from atrazine.
European countries guarantee workers paid vacation days by law.
European countries have a centralised patent examining system.
European countries have a special arrangement, however.
European countries have alternative methods.
European countries have alternative sentence methods.
European countries have by and large rejected the use of such artificial stimulants.
European countries have efficient rail service.
European countries have methods.
European countries have professional licensing standards and require a prescription for oral doses.
European countries have very similar economies.
European countries insist that at least half the reductions be accomplished by domestic actions.
European countries make up some of the difference with auto registration costs tied to horsepower.
European countries prefer civil servants to entrepreneurs.
European countries pretend to be democratic.
European countries reject many U.S. agricultural exports because they contain genetic modifications.
European countries share a common foreign and security policy.
European countries show no sign of pulling back politically or economically.
European countries suffer from chronic unemployment.
European countries tend to allow very limited, if any, discovery.
European countries tend to ignore aircraft pollution, because air traffic is a transborder problem.
All European countries are committed to supporting farming and rural life.
All European countries are on the road to ethnic cleansing.
Every European country recognises the vital role the United States plays in Europe.
Every European country shares the issue of a land fill.
Every European country uses a different electrical plug.
Many European countries are opposed to the American plan.
Many European countries are worried about influxes from North Africa.
Many European countries begin teaching field events at a very young age.
Many European countries call Easter Pascha.
Many European countries demand phytosanitary certificates in order to accept imported honey.
Many European countries devote a much larger share of their budgets.
Many European countries employ a six-year system, similar to that of Japan.
Many European countries have an excellent childcare system.
Many European countries have anti-fascist laws that restrict free speech and freedom of association.
Many European countries have climates ideally suited to the ryegrasses.
Many European countries have excellent educational systems.
Many European countries have no legal drinking age and also fewer problems with drunk driving.
Many European countries house up to half their student population in purpose built housing.
Many European countries look on the church in Britain as strong.
Many European countries produce blue cheese.
Many European countries seem to have a reputation for being inaccessible.
Many European countries set up encampments and perform rendezvous on weekends.
Most European countries are at zero or negative population growth.
Most European countries are behind.
Most European countries are in fact in favour of the lifting of the sanctions.
Most European countries are small.
Most European countries eschew the death penalty, so capital punishment is for hicks.
Most European countries face a similar security dilemma.
Most European countries guarantee equal and universal access to health care through national policy.
Most European countries have a similar core of long-term unemployed.
Most european countries have alternative methods.
Most european countries have alternative sentence methods.
Most European countries have low growth rates.
Most european countries have methods.
Most european countries have multiple parties.
Most European countries have some form of association for history teachers.
Most European countries hold national championships.
Most European countries rely largely on the first method.
Most European countries require a passport to stay in a hotel or rent a car.
Most European countries seem to have at least one.
Most European countries spend less.
Most European countries use a different mixture of cotton and linen.
Most European country has a green party.
Some European countries are also partly in Asia.
Some European countries are amongst the most advanced in Internet usage.
Some European countries are pretty far ahead.
Some European countries do make more use of user charges than Britain.
Some European countries DO require marking.
Some European countries do require special labeling.
Some European countries have laws that require ultrasound during every pregnancy.
Some European countries have or are contemplating independent restrictions.
Some European countries have very high levels of fish consumption by world standards.
Some European countries including Germany are sceptical about the new missile defence system.
Some European countries outlaw certain bigoted material, but the Internet, of course, is borderless.
Some European countries plan to phase out their use of HCFCs within the next five years.
Some European countries provide prescription drugs even cheaper.
Some European countries require three years of education.
Some European countries use the average bid as a benchmark for selecting a contractor.
European courts are the only means of limiting anti-sect activity.
European courts require much more detail.
European coverage includes potential flashpoints on Russia's borders.
European coverage is particularly strong.
European critics agree.
European crowds seem to actually be a little more courteous.
European cruises offer many land tours throughout the continent.
European cucumbers take two to three weeks, and peppers take five to six weeks.
European cuisine is available in all hotels catering to tourist destination areas.
European cuisines are well-represented, most notably in the major hotels.
European culture is built on it.
European culture is different, European ideas, passions, forms, and functions are different.
European culture is full of excess, temptation, lavish grandeur.
European culture is inherently intolerant of that which it finds to be different.
European culture is less rigid.
European culture is the object of much on-going research and of considerable debate.
European culture is the well spring and guarantor of democracy, the rule of law and human rights.
European culture makes the mid-Atlantic states the nation's Pretzel Belt.
European culture moves at a different pace.
European cultures are older and more cynical than American ones.
European cultures tend to link bats with evil.
Most European cultures consider it a last resort.
European currencies have a positive seasonal bias going into year end.
Most european currencies are easy to trade.
European customers are still very rare.
European customers click here for country-specific information.
European customers have access to all graphics produced by our U.S. staff as well.
European cut is small.
European cuttlefishs have eyes.
Most european cuttlefishs have eyes.
European demand is still unpredictable.
European democracy retains a national dimension.
European design is based on tradition that is based on many years of development.
European designs tend to favour a solid seat back with lumbar suppport.
European designers combine fine skins and new stretch materials with conservative-chic designs.
European despatches are by surface mail.
European destinations change yearly.
Any European destination is ideal for holidays, short breaks and vacations.
Most European destinations have something for every kid to enjoy.
European developments receive direct government support.
European Directives come into force three years after they are published.
European directors find, while Hollywood still seems determined to go for the terminally cute.
European dishes are also on offer.
European doctors practising in India consider the seeds a valuable tonic, stomachic, and diuretic.
European doctors seem to have little interest in the commercial aspect of clinical trials.
European dogs living in populated cities tend to be the most socialized, say animal behaviorists.
European dragons tend to be thought of as greedy and evil.
European drivers are better.
European earwigs are nocturnal, so they are active at night.
European earwigs attack fruit.
European earwigs attack tree fruit.
European earwigs cause damage.
European earwigs cause severe damage.
European earwigs eat a lot of aphids, which can destroy pear and apple orchards.
European earwigs exhibit one generation per year even though some females can produce two broods.
European earwigs feed at night on the foliage of various flowers and garden plants.
European earwigs have behavior.
European earwigs have social behavior.
European earwigs have stages.
European earwigs live on land in areas that have seasons.
European earwigs mate in the autumn.
European earwigs use chemicals called pheromones to attract other European earwigs.
Most european earwigs cause severe damage.
Most european earwigs have behavior.
Most european earwigs have social behavior.
Most european earwigs have stages.
Some european earwigs eat aphids.
Some european earwigs have antennas.
Some european earwigs mate in autumn.
European economies are in reasonably good shape and in Asia there are some bright spots.
European editions contain information relevant to specific European geographies.
European eels are catadromous.
European eels reproduce in the Sargasso Sea, a part of the Atlantic Ocean.
European effort refines medical prototyping.
European elections are a particularly significant event in another sense as well.
European elms are a common street tree in the downtown area of Sacramento, California.
European elms are common across Europe.
European environmentalism is a very public, often theatrical, cause.
European equipment uses the A-Law Algorithm.
European ethnocentrism extends to the origins of body marking.
European Events See our current events schedule .
European executives are right to be bullish about online logistics.
European executives explore the latest technologies and their impact on business.
European expansion is an expensive proposition.
European experience suggests hemp is less prone to pests and diseases than many other crops.
Many European experts are opposed to routine prostate cancer screening.
European explorers arrive in countries.
Most european explorers arrive in countries.
Many European factories have casting tables , which form the glue diredctly into cakes.
European fans can enjoy the greatest musical creations ever made.
European fans love the blues and are very knowledgeable about the music and the musicians.
European farmers are angry.
European ferrets resemble weasels, but are larger and stockier.
European ferrets resemble weasels, except for being larger and stockier.
European ferrets squeak to each other.
European figures are far higher .
European films are about everyday, working-class people.
European firms are also active in contract work in Ukraine.
European firms are also members of the international consortium of petroleum companies.
European firms have more exposure to global losses.
Some European firms have the resources to make a success of such a strategy.
European flavors accent the island specialties.
Most European flights go through London.
European folklore contains a number of references to the Romani complexion.
European folklore is filled with stories of dragons.
European folklore is no exception.
European folklore regards the bell as both a decree of death and as a means of protection.
European food is only available at bigger hotels .
European food is only available at bigger hotels.
European food is only available in major hotels.
European football is another.
European forces make up the vast majority of the peacekeeping forces in Bosnia and Kosovo.
European frogs have smooth moist skin and live near water.
European funding is a maze, and competition is strong.
European fuses are notorious for corroding into high-resistance connections.
Many European gardeners edge their potagers with boxwood.
European goldfinches are common pets.
European goldfinches eat seeds.
European goldfinches have bills.
Most european goldfinches eat seeds.
Most european goldfinches have bills.
Some european goldfinches build cups.
European governments are critical of the proposal, but the United States voices cautious support.
European governments are well aware of the objections to the arms trade.
European governments can be even more invasive.
European governments fund ongoing studies of iscador's effectiveness against cancer.
European governments see things differently.
European governments strive to stimulate entrepreneurial activity.
Some European governments oppose such credits.
Some European governments oppose that.
European hares are native to much of continental Europe and part of Asia.
European hares are primarily herbivorous .
European hares change behavior.
European hares have both external and internal parasites.
Most european hares change behavior.
European harmonization is a front-burner issue in Germany.
European hedgehogs forage at nights.
European herbalists recommend nettle tea for respiratory and urinary problems and lung disorders.
European herbalists use it to heal ulcers and colitis.
European hinges insure the ultimate in reliability and adjustability.
European history begins with the French and English jabbing their flags into Toronto's flank.
European history is mixed.
European history is more recent.
European history puts the current political and economic situations in context.
European history reflects the appearance of comets, as well.
European homes are generally larger and have sufficient space to house a computer.
European honeybees are eusocial insects.
European honeybees have defense.
European honeybees have innate defense.
Most european honeybees have defense.
Some european honeybees leave enemies.
Some european honeybees leave natural enemies.
European hornets are found in most parts of north america.
European hornets come into conflict with man in several ways.
European hornets eat grasshoppers, yellow jackets and bees.
European hornets fly at night and are attracted to lights and windows.
European hornets girdle smaller twigs and gnaw holes in the bark of larger branches.
European hornets have a long seasonal cycle.
European hornets have legs.
Most european hornets have legs.
Some european hornets eat grasshoppers.
Some european hornets eat insects.
Some European hospitals serve it to calm patients and it is said to prevent nightmares.
European hospitality is tops.
European hosts offer a full gourmet breakfast and afternoon English tea.
European hosts offer a full gourmet breakfast and English afternoon tea.
European hotels charge extraordinarily high telephone calling costs.
European hotels use less space, recycle more, and use less energy.
European hunters are responsible for the early decline of black rhino populations.
European identity is constructed through a negative principle.
European immigrants arriving, New York Harbor, ca.
European imprints take substantially longer.
European industry is highly competitive worldwide, and European jobs depend on foreign trade.
European industry is much more receptive to science than commonly believed.
European industry is now flexible and productive.
European industry needs if it is to continue to innovate and compete.
Many European industries experience decreasing costs at the level of individual national markets.
European influences are particularly strong.
European influences permeate Argentina's art, architecture, literature and lifestyle.
European information is interesting.
European institutions are still inadequate in what concerns the other three dimensions of democracy.
European integration has to be understood also in the context of globalization.
European integration is a very complex and sometimes contradictory process.
European integrity is at stake.
European Internet See EUnet .
European investigations show similar migrations of halibut occurring in the northeastern Atlantic.
European Investor Find news and literature for the European financial markets.
European investors can also look to start trading more than just shares on-line.
European investors look to Pacific region for more fish . . .
European investors seem to have ignored or adjusted to the situation but the problem still exists.
Many European investors have very customized index needs.
European journalists discuss the war in Yugoslavia and the efforts toward a peace plan.
European jurisdictions rank the moral right ahead of economic rights.
European kestrels are larger.
European kestrels have ability.
Most european kestrels have ability.
European keyboards are really frickin' weird.
European kids respect alcohol more.
European kitchen includes coffee maker.
European kites are always interesting and dramatically different.
European labs interested in U.S. recognition can then submit their applications.
European labor has for a family, or for two single men, two rooms in a four-room cottage.
European labor is more organized and more militant than are American workers.
European lace shears filter the morning sun to create an atmosphere of luxurious privacy.
European language is an asset.
European languages are a plus.
European languages are also better supported, with more and better translations to more languages.
European languages are, of course, no problem.
European languages have a history within a landscape.
All European languages have plural forms.
All European languages have some irregularities in naming numbers.
Many European languages exhibit a certain dichotomy in their pronoun forms.
Most European languages use the original Latin alphabet.
Some European languages use accented letters and other special symbols.
European law allows sanitary products to be taxed at a reduced rate.
European law is applied with a reservation in respect of human rights.
European law is quite complicated here.
European law is the key.
European law leads to the same result.
European law puts pressure on the national system, but there are also other factors.
European laws prevent companies from sharing data without permission from the customer.
European laws require the usage of such filters on all household appliances.
European leaders are certainly aware of the importance of the new media.
European leaders are impatient.
European leaders lack the muscle to tackle global security problems.
European leaders seem to be maintaining their complacency.
European leagues are superior.
Many European legends tell how a hero slew a dragon.
European legislation bans the landfilling of durable goods.
European legislation is usually in the form of directives or regulations.
European legislation is very straightforward and strict on many issues.
European limits are less restrictive.
European links are numerous and fun.
European literature is studied in translation in core courses.
European lobsters are brutes, being among the largest of all lobsters.
European lobsters are large, mobile crustaceans of ecological and commercial significance.
European lobsters are lobsters.
European lobsters live in the coastal waters of Europe and North West Africa.
Some european magpies have reputations.
European man wants to marry thai girl.
European men are very touchy and aggressive.
European men prefer a more fitted, tighter look while American men prefer a looser fit.
European managers are less inclined to lead, they want others to go first.
Many European managers seem to have a strong emotional involvement with their companies.
European manufacturers have a substantial share of the monitors market.
European manufacturers lead the way in telecom equipment.
Many European manufacturers offer compact units that fit under a countertop or in a small apartment.
European maps Look at maps from all around the world on internet.
European market is reachable from Finland, too, and contacts are being developed all the time.
European markets are too fragmented.
European markets are very down on gore, especially in Germany.
European markets attract so much less capital than U.S. markets.
European markets promise strong earnings.
European measures are soon to follow.
European measurement is in threads per cm.
European measurement is threads per cm.
European miners show similar cancers from similar exposures.
European mink are solitary animals, and live in dens close to fresh water.
European mink have slender, flexible bodies, bushy tails, and webbed paws.
European minks feed on voles.
Most european minks feed on voles.
Some european minks eat frogs.
Some european minks occupy ranges.
European mirror is available.
European mistletoe is dioecious, with male and female flowers on separate plants.
European mistletoes have leaves.
European mistletoes have shape leaves.
Most european mistletoes have leaves.
Most european mistletoes have shape leaves.
European models are also available.
European models are generally more expensive, quieter and more efficient but less effective.
European models are rich in narrative elements.
European moles have black, velvety fur and a rounded body.
European monarchies have excellent records of democracy and preserving freedom.
Most European museums do.
European music has a different route.
European nations act differently.
European nations agree to forbid human cloning.
European nations are the biggest opponents of unfettered trading in emission credits.
European nations compete for colonies.
European nations favor legislation.
European nations have around two million men and women in uniform.
European nations have their own.
European nations have trade with Cuba now and have had it for some time.
European nations hold the family hostage.
European nations look to limit bycatch of marine mammals.
European nations remain doubtful of the legality of such operations, as well as their effectiveness.
European nations sweep all but one gold medals in Rowing.
European nations tend to have lower legal blood-alcohol limits.
Many European nations feel that diplomacy is the best way to reform nasty regimes.
Many European nations have even stricter laws.
Many European nations hold national elections on weekends.
Most European nations follow the parliamentary system of government.
Most European nations use party list PR systems.
Some European nations have, in effect, decriminalized possession of small amounts.
Some European nations restrict advertising to children.
Some European newspapers see it differently.
European notation is used for date, listing day, month and then year.
European nurses use to denote diagnostic and intervention phenomena.
European offices are in London and Munich.
European offices can use their own servers.
European offices tend to be more informal, less controlled, and more accidental.
European officials deny their position has changed.
European officials say such fears are overwrought.
European ones are usually bare clay with crude enamel decoration.
European openings occur in the afternoon, with Asia later in the evening.
European operators look on Japan with envy - and desperation.
European opportunities abound.
European opticians use a different system of measurement from that in the States.
European options are therefore cheaper than American options.
European options are typically the simplest to solve.
European orders can take as long as eight weeks.
European ospreys spend the winter in Africa.
European oysters are more rounded than Atlantic or Pacific oysters.
European paintings are very worthwhile visiting.
European parallels are visible.
European parliament is a bit behind Portugal.
European parts are also available.
European parts have high quality but are hard to find in North America.
European parts require confirmation.
European patents are available on CD-ROM as well.
Most European pears are self-unfruitful.
European periodicals comprise a significant proportion of the titles indexed.
European pianos tend to have two pedals.
European pine martens usually make their own dens in hollow trees or scrub-covered fields.
European pine shoot moth adult.
European pine shoot moth causes young shoots to fall over.
European pine shoot moth damage to pine candles.
European players are extremely skilled at every position, both with and without the ball.
European players are much more offensive and dynamic.
European pleats adorn the front panels.
European plugs work in most sockets, but some still require the thinner-pinned Russian version.
European plums are at petal fall while Japanese plums are in the shuck.
European plums are of a higher quality than Native American plums, which are useful for preserves.
European plums are partially to entirely self-fertile.
European polecats defend territory.
European polecats eat meat.
European polecats emit secretion.
European polecats emit smell secretion.
European polecats have brown fur.
European polecats have dark outer fur, with lighter colored underfur showing through.
European polecats have fur.
European polecats have heads.
European polecats live in dens.
European polecats reach maturity.
European polecats reach sexual maturity.
European polecats use burrows.
Most european polecats defend territory.
Most european polecats eat meat.
Most european polecats emit secretion.
Most european polecats emit smell secretion.
Most european polecats have brown fur.
Most european polecats have fur.
Most european polecats have heads.
Most european polecats live in dens.
Most european polecats reach maturity.
Most european polecats reach sexual maturity.
Most european polecats use burrows.
Some european polecats are classified in families.
Some european polecats have faces.
Some european polecats have rounder faces.
Some european polecats inhabit territory.
European police are stricter.
European policies are both a curse and a blessing for environmental laggards.
European policy becomes immediately domestic policy and vice-versa.
European possessions are in color with Florida showing Spanish ownership.
European powers recognize Turkey as an independent and sovereign nation.
European practices depends on easy access to information on available prototypes and products.
European pressure is crucial.
European prices are different from the North American style of odds.
European prices are different from the the North American style of odds.
European prices are higher.
European prisons are physically comfortable, but mentally uncomfortable.
European pros offer lessons to beginners and seasoned golfers alike.
European processors are concerned with foot and mouth disease.
European producers receive direct subsidies.
European products are for identical reasons more expensive in Greece or Turkey.
European proposals are under consideration but no standard has yet been adopted.
European prospects are less certain.
European protocols differ from the ones above and are much more aggressive.
European rabbits are descended from rabbits.
European rabbits are mammals.
European rabbits are rabbits.
European rabbits have a colour similar to the shades of the ground too.
European rabbits have years.
European rabbits live alone on about an acre of land.
European rabbits live in areas.
European rabbits live in groups in a burrow.
European rabbits live in hills with many tunnels.
European rabbits occupy landscapes.
European rabbits prefer grassland habitats.
European rabbits prefer habitats.
Most european rabbits are descended from rabbits.
Most european rabbits have years.
Most european rabbits live in areas.
Most european rabbits occupy landscapes.
Most european rabbits prefer grassland habitats.
Most european rabbits prefer habitats.
Some european rabbits become pests.
Some european rabbits construct warrens.
Many European radios resemble their North American cousins.
All European rail passes also available.
Most European railroads operate with one man in the locomotive cab and one or two trainmen.
European railways are efficient, comfortable and on time.
European rates are already about a full percentage point below the United States Federal funds rate.
European reactions are similar.
European readers prefer the former.
European rebates differ slightly due to currency exchange rates.
All European records are of vagrant fish.
European red foxes have impact.
Some European regions offer excellent assistance for staff training.
European regulations are more strict, so that is why products tend to be launched first in Japan.
European regulations make the improvement in standards a priority which requires immediate funding.
European regulations require that devices perform according to product specifications.
European regulators seem to misunderstand network effects.
European remedies are very different from American medicines.
European respondents are much more likely to be in computer-related jobs than other respondents.
European respondents are much more likely to be single as are younger respondents.
European respondents are slightly more likely to have used ready-made applets.
European respondents continue to be largely single.
European respondents continue to report higher percentages of authorship in most categories.
European respondents prefer an online transaction to a toll-free call.
European respondents report more professional use of the web and longer search times.
More European respondents report being equally involved than American respondents.
European restaurants are well represented, with Italian being particularly strong.
Most European restaurants go out of their way to make a signature tiramisu.
Many European retailers allow purchasers to try a bed or mattress for at least a week.
European riders can experience the natural beauty of the United States and Canada.
European rinks tend to be larger, allowing skaters more freedom and offenses more options.
European robins have brown legs and their tail is bluntly square.
European roses are almost all spring bloomers that have one flush of bloom a year.
European rules face scrutiny.
European rules require that asylum-seekers register in the first country they enter.
European sales continue to be strong.
European sales start in the spring.
European scholars can only guess.
European scholars seem to have outgrown their sense of guilt for the wrongdoings of their ancestors.
European schools send students here to complete projects.
Most European schools expect their students to live in the community and locate their own housing.
European scientists find evidence of exceted human medications polluting water.
Some european scientists observe decomposition.
European security is a British initiative.
European security is incomplete and at risk absent positive Russia participation.
European security is increased when democracy, human rights and the rule of law are strengthened.
European server is ftp.
European service is different.
European settings remain the most formal and demonstrate the more unusual utensils and placement.
European Settlements Ca.
European settlers begin to arrive in greater numbers.
European settlers experience earthquakes.
European settlers follow customs.
European settlers follow own customs.
European settlers invade territory.
Most european settlers follow customs.
Most european settlers follow own customs.
Most european settlers invade territory.
Some european settlers begin expansion.
Some european settlers bring herbs.
Some european settlers bring jack rabbits.
Some european settlers bring plants.
Some european settlers bring rabbits.
Some european settlers die of starvation.
Some european settlers drink tea.
Some european settlers move into interiors.
European shipments are primarily pork.
European signals are loud all evening and well past midnight, with lots of activity.
European site is particularly good for news.
European sites have more titles that have dual company roles than do American sites.
Some European sites are simply good jumping-off points.
European sizes are more true to size for toddlers and infants.
European skiing is within reach.
Some European slugs use their slime cords to mate in midair.
European smokes are far stronger than American cigs.
European socialists have a duty to recognise the shameful inheritance of our imperialist history.
European society works because it is multi-cultural.
European soldiers go in.
European song composers ii.
European sources charge freight, but can ship directly to other country locations.
European species appear to be immune to toxins, since they are able to eat bees and wasps.
European species are still imported, but in a small numbers.
European specimens come from Greece, Germany, France, Spain, and England.
European spellings are important as well.
European squid are predators on fishes and crustaceans.
European standards define amplitude in absolute voltage levels.
European standards have four sizes of poodles.
European starlings are agricultural pests.
European starlings are among the most successful of North American invaders.
European starlings are cavity nesters.
European starlings are lowland birds.
European starlings are social birds, flocking at all times with other starlings.
European starlings are tenacious, energetic birds that can be aggressive when feeding or nesting.
European starlings are widespread across North America.
European starlings build their nests in natural or artificial cavities.
European starlings can also spread bird mites to poultry on farms.
European starlings construct their nests of grasses, twigs, and moss.
European starlings eat a wide variety of foods.
European starlings feed primarily on insects and small invertebrates.
European starlings prefer to forage in open habitats, such as short grasslands and pastures.
European starlings take most of their food from on or just below the ground surface.
European statements are ambiguous, to put it charitably.
European stocks are cheap because they ought to be.
Most European streams flow outward from the core of the continent.
European streets are narrow.
European structures are, after all, far more straightforward than Britain s creaking patchwork.
European students are eligible to hold the usual grants from their host countries.
European students enroll in a specific course of studies they want to do from the start .
European students enroll in a specific course of studies they want to do from the start.
European students see their core faculty advisor two times per year.
Many European students are also familiar with the 'semester' as the basic unit of study.
European studies indicate leaf extracts improve blood supply to the brain.
European studies links.
European studies offers interdisciplinary majors and minors in several concentrations.
European studies review.
European studies show that garlic helps eliminate lead and other heavy metals in the body.
European studies symposium registration opens.
European study begins in London, then moves on to Paris, Munich and Prague.
Some European studies are also informative for the Canadian situation.
European style bathrooms with bidet.
European style is in fashion.
European supermarkets tend to be more consistent than their counterparts in the U.S., some say.
European support is crucial.
European symbols are different.
Most European systems receive at least some measure of public support by way of grants, etc.
European teams are is slowly getting better.
European teams are prose, tough, premeditated, systematic, collective.
European teams can use.
European teams rely on word of mouth and game films to scout potential players.
Some European teams call to mind the old order of superpower states, exuding confidence.
European television has a tremendous amount of nudity.
European tenters appreciate the in-camp grocery store.
Most European terminology is recognized in the United States.
European theatre has a lot of lost ground to make up.
European theses are only available from the issuing institution.
European toads have warty-looking skin and spend more time living on land.
European tour begins.
European tours are full of history and makes a great cultural vacations.
European tourists can benefit from low priced airfare to Canada.
European traditions abound in a land where culture still thrives.
European train passes.
European trains are comfortable, fast, frequent, and dependable.
European trains are fast and reliable.
European trains are fast, silent, efficient and comfortable.
European trains are generally comfortable and fast and can be the best way for tourists to travel.
European trains are highly efficient and easy to use.
European trains are punctual, arriving and departing on schedule, even in foul weather.
European trains have either compartment type seating or coach type.
European trains provide time for serious socializing heading for . . .
European trainees spend that much time peeling onions and carrots.
European travel is fun with a package.
European travel is likely to be an integral part of the job.
European travel is required.
European travel occurs on extended weekends.
European travelers are in school and at work.
European travelers are no longer aimless travelers.
European Tribes Ca.
European trucks are mostly SUVs and vans.
European unemployment is a man-made disaster.
European unification contrasts with growing tribalism and regionalism in other parts of the world.
European unification is a real success story.
European unification is impeded most by one specific thing.
European unity demands transparency and reliable information with regard to education systems.
European unity has only to do with business.
European unity is a case in point.
European universities are the traditional home of elite associations, for young people.
European universities continue to show great diversity in their academic dress.
Many European universities see themselves as international institutions.
European user can also try the data center at Strassburg .
European users can find a nearly complete mirror fr.rpmfind.net in France.
European users can show products price in their own currency and in euro.
European users rejoice.
European users report slightly shorter search times while women report slightly longer times.
European vacations are by far the most popular for a number of reasons.
European values are European values.
European values are, historically, more inclusive than American ones.
Most European vampires are inheritors.
European varieties can take part shade, but prefer a richer soil.
European version is available.
European vets are likely to press for a permanent ban.
European voltages are available at no extra charge.
European voters are also often ambivalent or hostile to the euro.
European wages are very inflexible.
European walnut is reported to be very limited in availability.
European wasps are fiercely aggressive in protecting their nest.
European wasps are unusual as they feed on meat products .
European wasps can sting several times in an attack and stung victims can require medical attention.
European winemakers argue that great wine is made in a challenging environment.
European wolves are grey to greyish brown with some reddish hair on the back.
European women wait true love.
Most European women rely on highly effective contraceptive methods.
European wood is medium hard and very white and shimmery.
Many European words come from Sanskrit.
Most European work is done via the telephone and networking.
European workers are much less likely to move from one country to another in search of work.
Many European writers bomb New York so effectively, that people believe they are from New York.
Europen officials point out that English spelling is unnecessarily difficult.
An europium is metal
Europium is a heavy element ion often present in nuclear waste because it is a fission product.
Europium is a silvery-white rare earth belonging to the lanthanide group.
Europium is a soft silvery metal, both are and expensive.
Europium is about as hard as lead and is quite ductile.
Europium is also water-reactive.
Europium is found in many minerals including bastnasite, monazite, xenotime and loparite.
Europium is one of the elements used to make the red color in CRT televisions.
Europium is one of the rarest and most costly of the rare-earth metals.
Europium is quite expensive to produce, so it has few practical uses.
Europiums are chemical elements.
Europiums are metallic elements.
Europolitan customers say that indeed it is, and the freedom from fixed lines has been liberating.
An eurypterid is an arthropod
Eurypterids are the state fossil of New York.
Eurythermal organisms can tolerate and thrive in wide range of temperature.
Eusocial animals express complex behaviors, like group decision-making.
Eusocial behavior can exist because workers share genes with the reproductive caste.
Eusocial organisms live in groups, and are subject to both the benefits and costs of group living.
Eustachian tubes are extremely important to frogs.
Eustachian tubes are part of human bodies.
Eustachian tubes are pipes.
Eustachian tubes are short and straight so ear problems are common.
Eustachian tubes equalize air pressure in the ears.
Eustachian tubes lead to middle ears from nasopharynx, the upper portion of pharynx.
Eustachian tubes ventilate the ear.
Eutaxitic texture is still a valuable criterion for identifying ancient ignimbrites.
Eutectic salts can use existing chillers but usually operate at the warmest temperatures.
Eutectic salts fall somewhere in between.
Eutectic solder is excellent for electronic work.
Euthanasia program is instituted within Germany and Austria.
An euthanasia is killing
Euthanasia can be either active or passive.
Euthanasia can be very emotional for veterinarians as well.
Euthanasia destroys innocent human life.
Euthanasia endorses that concept.
Euthanasia goes against the natural goal of continuing life.
Euthanasia involves choosing to die rather than to struggle on.
Euthanasia is by lethal injection of sodium pentobarbital.
Euthanasia Is Sometimes Justified.
Euthanasia lets a person die thinking they are making the right choices.
Euthanasia refers to the termination of a person's life by another.
Euthanasia represents one of the greatest threats to real hospice care in the world.
Euthanasia rests on two prongs.
Euthanasia serves as a means of peace for the relatives as well as for the afflicted.
Euthanasia solves the problem by disposing of the burden altogether.
Euthanasia touches some of the deepest feelings in human beings.
Euthanasias are killing.
Euthanasias are support.
Euthanasia always kills and intends to kill the patient.
Euthanized animals are preferred.
Eutherian mammals have a complex placenta.
An eutherian is a mammal
Eutherians are born at later stage of development.
Eutherians are the most diverse group of mammals.
Eutherians are the most widespread of the mammals, occurring throughout the world.
Eutherians give birth to a fully developed young.
Eutrophic impoundments tend to only support rough fish, such as carp.
Eutrophic lakes are even older and more fertile.
Eutrophic lakes are generally most prevalent in all areas of the United States south of Wisconsin.
Eutrophic lakes are lakes with high concentrations of nutrients .
Eutrophic lakes are often relatively shallow and often have weed beds.
Eutrophic lakes are often shallow, with seasonal deficiency in dissolved oxygen.
Eutrophic lakes have a large supply of nutrients and organic matter.
Eutrophic lakes have conditions that support many organisms.
Eutrophic lakes show wide seasonal changes in their biological and chemical conditions.
Eutrophication can be natural or human-induced.
Eutrophication can cause serious effects to living resources or their habitats.
Eutrophication can produce many undesirable effects in coastal systems.
Eutrophication can produce problems such as bad tastes and odours as well as green scum algae.
Eutrophication causes algal blooms, fish kills, and other water quality problems.
Eutrophication causes the disappearance of the waterward side of populations.
Eutrophication changes the species composition, usually also causing a reduction in species numbers.
Eutrophication comes from a Greek word meaning nutrients.
Eutrophication describes the biological effects of an increase in the concentration of nutrients.
Eutrophication impacts on ecosystem services.
Eutrophication is a biological process
Eutrophication is a common phenomenon in coastal waters.
Eutrophication is a form of pollution.
Eutrophication is a major problem as nutrients cause algal blooms periodically in the lake.
Eutrophication is a major problem that is associated with algal blooms in lakes.
Eutrophication is a major threat for freshwater ecosystems.
Eutrophication is a natural part of aquatic succession.
Eutrophication is a natural process in all bodies of water as decaying matter accumulates.
Eutrophication is a natural process that typically occurs as lakes age.
Eutrophication is a natural process that usually takes place over thousands of years.
Eutrophication is a natural process.
Eutrophication is a serious problem for fisheries, recreation, industry and water supply.
Eutrophication is an increase in nutrients that can lead to an overgrowth of algae.
Eutrophication is another major problem facing Louisiana s wetlands.
Eutrophication is currently one of the most serious pollution problems in America.
Eutrophication is more likely where nutrients come from several sources.
Eutrophication is of additional concern.
Eutrophication is one process used to treat polluted water for human consumption.
Eutrophication is still one of the major environmental problems in coastal areas of Europe.
Eutrophication is the build-up of nutrients in an aquatic environment.
Eutrophication is the enrichment of plant nutrients such as phosphate and nitrate in a water body.
Eutrophication is the excess of nutrients in a body of water.
Eutrophication is the excessive growth of aquatic plants and algae.
Eutrophication is the natural aging of lakes or streams brought on by nutrient enrichment.
Eutrophication is the natural aging process of lakes.
Eutrophication is the process by which the nutrient content in water is increased suddenly.
Eutrophication is the process of a body of water becoming nutrient rich.
Eutrophication is the process of becoming better nourished either naturally or artificially.
Eutrophication is the process of lake aging.
Eutrophication is the response of a body of water to enrichment by nutrients.
Eutrophication is when fertilizers spill into creeks which increases plant growth.
Eutrophication is when plant and algal growth is over stimulated in a water ecosystem.
Eutrophication is when there is an aundance of nutrients.
Eutrophication leads to a decline in the number of life forms in a water body.
Eutrophication leads to changes in the availability of light and certain nutrients to an ecosystem.
Eutrophication means enrichment.
Eutrophication occurs naturally in many bodies of water, but can be accelerated by pollution.
Eutrophication occurs when excessive nutrients are present as a result of sewage discharge.
Eutrophication occurs when nutrient input to surface water causes increased algae production.
Eutrophication refers to the effects of nutrients on aquatic ecosystems.
Eutrophication results from combinations of increased nutrient and sediment discharges with runoff.
Evac members use email and SMS messages to inform each other when they spot a virus outbreak.
Evacuate area move upwind of fire.
Evacuate people downwind as appropriate.
Evacuation plans are in progress.
Evacuation plans are pointless.
Evacuation plans can be useful for many different types of disasters.
Evacuation Plans Get a good map and plan various evacuation routes, avoiding low-lying areas.
Evacuation plans seem feasible and are constantly exer- cised.
Evacuation routes are determined and posted in each classroom.
An evacuation is a removal
Evacuation Allows easy evacuation of residents in case of fire.
Evacuation applies every time the alarm sounds, regardless of the cause.
Evacuation begins immediately.
Evacuation can be humanitarian assistance only on one condition.
Evacuation can prevent loss of life, but preventing loss of property is more challenging.
Evacuation is a perplexing process involving many extremely subtle factors.
Evacuation is a public protection action in a hurricane.
Evacuation is a terrifying event.
Evacuation is accomplished by a bank of vacuum pumps, one roughing, and two high vacuum pumps.
Evacuation is always a better as a precaution than at the last minute if enough warning is given.
Evacuation is an O.K. rocker with a sledge hammer guitar riff but it never really goes anywhere.
Evacuation is difficult and uncomfortable for both the rescuers and people being assisted.
Evacuation is difficult and uncomfortable for both the rescuers and the people being assisted.
Evacuation is done on the basis of residence.
Evacuation is due in a few days.
Evacuation is for the best interest of the public.
Evacuation is imperative.
Evacuation is in progress.
Evacuation is key as the storm surge represents the greatest threat.
Evacuation is mandatory.
Evacuation is much simpler and safer before flood waters become too deep for ordinary vehicle.
Evacuation is next.
Evacuation is on the roll.
Evacuation is performed via a cooling trap with liquid nitrogen.
Evacuation is simpler and safer before floodwaters become too deep.
Evacuation is the best precaution for surviving any hurricane.
Evacuation is the major defense.
Evacuation is used where the occupants are physically capable of it.
Evacuation is, however, the most drastic action than can be based on a quake prediction.
Evacuation plans for the room or building, as appropriate.
Evacuation routes to ease traffic flow problems when great numbers of people leave the city.
Evacuation routes to safety or disaster shelter sites if necessary.
Evacuation seems almost inevitable . . .
Evacuation takes quite a long time, sometimes several hours for large tubes.
Evacuation Use travel routes recommended by local authorities.
Evacuations also continue in Idaho and near Reno, Nevada.
Evacuations are costly, and one cost of an unnecessary evacuation is credibility.
Evacuations are incidents in which the person leaves the field as a result of the incident.
Evacuations are only possible during summer.
Evacuations are possible.
Evacuations are stressful and it is natural to experience many strong new feelings.
Evacuations are underway for residents in threatened homes.
Evacuations are underway in the northern part of the country.
Evacuations are withdrawals.
Evacuations can be chaotic.
Evacuations can last for several days.
Evacuations continue as more blazes flare up.
Evacuations continue by boat in the Zambezi valley.
Evacuations continue downtown.
Evacuations continue in some areas partly due to sewage contamination.
Evacuations fall under the operations banner.
Evacuations occur much more often than the database notes, consultants and industry officials say.
Evacuations remain in effect.
Evacuations require serious planning and a good concept.
More evacuations are still necessary, authorities say.
An evacuee is a traveler
Evacuees are here shown unfastening their bundles and unpacking their suitcases for the inspector.
Evacuees are migrants.
Evacuees are on their way to breakfast or to work.
Evacuees find opportunities to follow their callings.
Evacuees take silence slowly.
Evacuees then take their possessions to the barracks to which they have been assigned.
Evacuees too join in with zeal.
Evaluate candidate resumes, portfolios, and Web sites.
Evaluate case reports without identification then send the rest of the packet.
Evaluate competitors List current communication cues.
Evaluate department processes.
Evaluate dues structure and dues revenues.
Evaluate employees work performance.
Evaluate expressions Evaluates a formula defined in infix fashion.
Evaluate hardware needs.
Evaluate information needs.
Evaluate information Use the handy search form below to find other tutorials.
Evaluate items needed per task and assure frequently used items are within arms length.
Evaluate job offers Evaluating job offers can be tricky.
Evaluate management reports for effectiveness and reliability.
Evaluate market linkages with other parts of the United States.
Evaluate process steps utilizing Plan Do Study Act cycle.
Evaluate progress Make a checklist of things to do.
Evaluate proposals submitted for scientific investigation, evaluate applicants seeking grant funds.
Evaluate resource needs.
Evaluate resources Develop an evaluation tool to be used when evaluating resources.
Evaluate students accuracy in completing the reading comprehension worksheets assigned as homework.
Evaluate text features to gain meaning.
Evaluate utility needs for all buildings during a normal week schedule.
Evaluate work processes to reduce steps requiring manual handling.
Evaluate work processes to spread microscope work throughout the day.
Evaluate work processes to spread pipetting throughout the day.
Evaluated participants mock legislative proposals.
Evaluated patients needs and determined appropriate nursing care needed.
Evaluated result is converted to a string.
Evaluated system needs and made purchase recommendations.
Evaluated users request and performed feasibility studies for proposed projects.
Evaluation boards are also available.
Evaluation boards are available for all products.
Evaluation boards are available for each type.
Evaluation boards are available for many popular combinations.
Evaluation boards are available.
Evaluation functions are dyadic.
Evaluation method is described and results on some algorithms are presented.
Evaluation methods are appropriate, reliable, and valid indicators of teaching effectiveness.
Evaluation methods are congruent with objectives.
Evaluation methods used are tests, quizzes, lab reports and outside readings.
Evaluation methods vary as well.
Evaluation methods vary from program to program.
Any evaluation method used per each subject, evaluates it for that subject.
Any evaluation method used per each subject, evaluates it forthat subject.
Most evaluation methods are applicable to the work of individuals rather than teams.
Evaluation research is a form of program evaluation.
Evaluation research is an appropriate place to begin.
Evaluation research is needed to tell the difference.
Evaluation research is ongoing to overcome the global rating problem.
Evaluation research is summarized, and details about hardware, software and availability are given.
Evaluation research is the measurement of the effectiveness of a specific practice or program.
Evaluation research uses many methods and explores many kinds of problems, for examples click here .
Evaluation strategies included in the project include both process and product measurements.
Evaluation teams make observations.
Evaluation a. direct the program evaluation plan.
Evaluation addresses the total system including internal effectiveness and external results.
Evaluation affords the opportunity to examine the underlying causal model.
Evaluation Allow a substantial amount of time for students to share dinosaur facts.
Evaluation also allows the trainer to reemphasize the most important points of the training.
Evaluation also forms part of the internationalisation of education and training.
Evaluation also implies a review of program objectives in light of research in the field.
Evaluation also includes a final exam.
Evaluation also includes measurement of height and weight, a thorough history, and risk assessment.
Evaluation also includes student input.
Evaluation also includes three examinations, including a comprehensive final.
Evaluation also is a tool for measuring personal progress toward individual or course goals.
Evaluation also provides valuable feedback about how a student learns best.
Evaluation also serves as a means of drawing stakeholders into an organization.
Evaluation Approaches to evaluating a course.
Evaluation Ask people to evaluate meetings, conferences and activities and use that feedback.
Evaluation Ask students to share and compare their mushroom prints with each other.
Evaluation Ask students to tell a story about what they heard in the music.
Evaluation Ask the class as a group to demonstrate the meaning of length, width, and depth.
Evaluation Ask the group for comments about the training.
Evaluation Assess the tobacco-use prevention program at regular intervals.
Evaluation assesses the effectiveness of the intervention by examining the behavior.
Evaluation Assessing the impact of a teleconference workshop is important.
Evaluation based upon improvement rewards the group for an individual's progress.
Evaluation Be careful to evaluate each category separately.
Evaluation Be specific on the evlauation process and scoring criteria.
Evaluation becomes more complex and in-depth.
Evaluation becomes more critical in such a period of turbulent change.
Evaluation Begin with an empty stack and an empty queue.
Evaluation Begin with an empty stack.
Evaluation begins at home, for evaluators as well as organizations.
Evaluation begins in the office with assessment of vocal cord mobility.
Evaluation can also aid identification of germplasm of potential for more direct use by farmers.
Evaluation can also provide data to outside funders about the effectiveness of the program.
Evaluation can be a formal lab report, and oral presentation to the class, or a portfolio.
Evaluation can be a threatening activity.
Evaluation can be an enjoyable and exciting challenge.
Evaluation can be an excellent tool for change when there is involvement.
Evaluation can be most effective when integrated into every phase of a program.
Evaluation can be participatory or carried out by outsiders.
Evaluation can come in many different packages.
Evaluation can determine the impact of service delivery on clients.
Evaluation can either be formative or summative.
Evaluation can generate decisions about instruction, content, next steps, curricula, etc.
Evaluation can have several levels.
Evaluation can help chart a positive course for growth and refinement.
Evaluation can help identify and prioritize opportunities for improvement.
Evaluation can impose a considerable time and resource burden on recipient institutions.
Evaluation can include information from the parents, medical records, and any other sources.
Evaluation can influence decisions about further plans and resource allocation.
Evaluation can occur in any order consistent with data dependencies among attribute rules.
Evaluation can occur later.
Evaluation can only be indirect, and generally requires observation for changes in behavior.
Evaluation can reveal whether risk communication is effective.
Evaluation can take many different forms.
Evaluation can take place even when there has been no measurement.
Evaluation can yield unanticipated results and questions, so try to remain flexible.
Evaluation Check the paragraphs for understanding.
Evaluation Check to see if developers are taking advantage of incentives that are offered.
Evaluation Check to see if ramps are getting built as required and designed.
Evaluation Check to see that students completed three structures using the materials provided.
Evaluation collaborates with all members of the organization.
Evaluation Collect the completed charts.
Evaluation Collect the handouts.
Evaluation Collect the homework sheets and appraise both written responses and drawings.
Evaluation comes in many forms.
Evaluation comes later.
Evaluation comes only after as many ideas as possible are brainstormed.
Evaluation comes primarily through exams, homework assignments and periodic quizzes.
Evaluation Complete the self-assessment test .
Evaluation Complete the student driver evaluation form as the lesson progresses.
Evaluation completes the cycle of online development.
Evaluation completes the loop and leads to more planning.
Evaluation completes the loop and, in fact, leads to more planning.
Evaluation concentrates on system reliability requirements.
Evaluation Conduct a debriefing at the conclusion of each saturation patrol operation.
Evaluation connotes making judgments re.
Evaluation Consider the cost, taste, and ambiance.
Evaluation consists of a paper and a presentation before an audience of one s peers.
Evaluation consists of class participation and periodical written tests.
Evaluation consists of class participation, homework, and tests.
Evaluation consists of course exams, term papers and a thesis.
Evaluation consists of formative and summative measures.
Evaluation consists of group presentations and a group assignment.
Evaluation consists of more than weighing and measuring the baby.
Evaluation consists of three steps.
Evaluation consists of viewing the eye under a special microscope.
Evaluation consists of written and oral tests, along with a major creative project.
Evaluation continues even when the trainees are skilled enough to respond to a call.
Evaluation copy available for download, or buy online.
Evaluation copy available for download.
Evaluation copy available for downloading.
Evaluation copy available.
Evaluation copy in slipcase in good condition.
Evaluation copy quite useful for small circuit design projects.
Evaluation covers essential knowledge, skills and attitudes.
Evaluation Critically evaluate traditional paradigms.
Evaluation Decide the key questions for evaluation.
Evaluation depends on criteria , standards of judgment.
Evaluation Describe the outcomes to be measured and the methods of evaluation.
Evaluation determines the degree to which objectives have been achieved.
Evaluation determines the effectiveness of training.
Evaluation Discuss the answers to questions on the distribution handout for each group.
Evaluation Discuss the results of the game.
Evaluation Do a closure activity.
Evaluation Do a demo to prof.
Evaluation downloads available for many items.
Evaluation draws conclusions about both progress and the outcome.
Evaluation dtails the plotting of the poorly bonded areas.
Evaluation emulates studio staff writing, led by instructor.
Evaluation entails more than identifying the individual and group achievements of participants.
Evaluation equals excellence.
Evaluation Evaluate all students ability to loging onto the Internet and finding a website.
Evaluation Evaluate the four subject Congressional leaders.
Evaluation examines the learning process and focuses on attainment of educational outcomes.
Evaluation examines the principles of evaluation procedures and the development of evaluation tools.
Evaluation exercises force discussion of performance objectives and indicators of success.
Evaluation Explains the value of an object, event, or concept.
Evaluation focuses on client access to and satisfaction with four programs.
Evaluation focuses on effects on the process with which the information system interacts.
Evaluation focuses on process, outcome, and satisfaction measures.
Evaluation focuses on social programs.
Evaluation focuses on student learning.
Evaluation focuses primarily on the needs of people and how they are being met.
Evaluation Following are the scores attached to each component of the class.
Evaluation follows naturally from the learning plan.
Evaluation follows rules of correct spelling, punctuation, and grammar.
Evaluation formally occurs two times a year.
Evaluation Forms Built-in evaluation form screens for Module and assessment evaluation.
Evaluation forms to be maintained in departmental student file.
Evaluation forms with permission from the users to share their comments.
Evaluation Get help with significant figures and graphical analysis.
Evaluation Give a quiz on the glossary of energy terms.
Evaluation Give students mathematical word problems with one, two, and three step solutions.
Evaluation gives direction for improvement, growth and change.
Evaluation goes much deeper.
Evaluation Grading of all assignments is done in writing.
Evaluation Grading of all examinations and homework is done by the course instructor.
Evaluation has a strong influence on teaching and learning.
Evaluation has an important part to play in decisions about classroom materials.
Evaluation has many meanings to many people, and even to professionals in the field.
Evaluation has many types and purposes, some of which are similar to feedback.
Evaluation has more subtle and far-reaching advantages, however.
Evaluation has to do with what one feels about what one sees.
Evaluation Have all facts correctly answered with words from the website.
Evaluation Have student talk about the process of meeting everyone's needs.
Evaluation Have students' hand in their activity sheet for grading.
Evaluation Have students hand in their activity sheet for grading.
Evaluation Have students list factors that contribute to global warming.
Evaluation Have students respond to the questions on the handout.
Evaluation Have the student cut a pie in equal parts, and name the part they receive to eat.
Evaluation Have the student describe how freezing water breaks rocks.
Evaluation Have the students describe how a glacier is able to slide downhill.
Evaluation Have the students sit in a circle.
Evaluation helps assure that future clinicians possess appropriate knowledge, attitudes, and skills.
Evaluation helps establish standards in the profession.
Evaluation helps sustain and improve programs.
Evaluation helps the reader determine the value of information on the other end of the link.
Evaluation helps the reader determine the value of the information on the other end of the link.
Evaluation highlights examining essential evaluation issues and results.
Evaluation Imagine the vomiting process in reverse.
Evaluation immediately becomes a negative and threatening process to be feared by teachers.
Evaluation implies authoritative and, to a lesser degree, personal appraisal.
Evaluation improves future events.
Evaluation includes a recommendation concerning admission to doctoral study.
Evaluation includes a written examination, film quiz and oral case presentation.
Evaluation includes an audio tape-recorded role play and a written final exam.
Evaluation includes attendance, effort and cooperation, written tests, and physical profi-ciency.
Evaluation includes attendance, effort and cooperation, written tests, and physical proficiency.
Evaluation includes audio tape-recorded role plays and a written final exam.
Evaluation includes blood and urine measurements and sometimes stimulation testing.
Evaluation includes both assigning ratings and entering comments.
Evaluation includes class discussion, scene work, and papers.
Evaluation includes class participation and papers, as specified below.
Evaluation includes class participation and papers.
Evaluation includes classroom observations and yearly goals completion.
Evaluation includes classroom observations, written reports,and conferences.
Evaluation includes communication and collaboration skills demonstrated during class.
Evaluation includes consultation with an otolaryngologist.
Evaluation includes determining the credibility of the complainant.
Evaluation includes examination of complexity, reliability, and cost.
Evaluation includes exams, writing and air check samples and production assessment.
Evaluation includes individual and group assessment, as well as a final group project.
Evaluation Includes information on evaluation.
Evaluation includes medical history, physical examination, and laboratory tests.
Evaluation includes more and longer papers and essay exams.
Evaluation includes neuropsychological and educational testing when indicated.
Evaluation includes self and group assessment.
Evaluation includes skills and written test.
Evaluation includes spirometry in our pulmonary function laboratory.
Evaluation includes statistical and affective aspects.
Evaluation includes style, form and content.
Evaluation includes suggestions for improvement and highlighting what is well done.
Evaluation includes the design and implementation of service evaluation protocols.
Evaluation includes the students' preparation, participation, and post case-study written work.
Evaluation includes the word value .
Evaluation includes two case audits for each probation officer each month.
Evaluation includes written and oral reports.
Evaluation including colposcopy is available at an affordable price.
Evaluation informs good practice.
Evaluation involves a skills test and a written exam.
Evaluation involves careful diagnosis, prescription, and immediate reaction.
Evaluation involves judging the value of evidence based on definite criteria.
Evaluation involves the measuring of program success and impact.
Evaluation is a big part of determining if a coach had a great ability.
Evaluation is a bit harder.
Evaluation is a central aspect of any endeavor.
Evaluation is a complex process.
Evaluation is a continuous process.
Evaluation is a critical component of a comprehensive gun violence reduction plan.
Evaluation is a critical component of the comprehensive school safety plan.
Evaluation is a critical component.
Evaluation is a critical process that begins during the development of a training course.
Evaluation is a critical step.
Evaluation is a decision made by comparing observation data to an established standard.
Evaluation is a difficult issue.
Evaluation is a dynamic process which involves the student and the faculty.
Evaluation is a feedback mechanism that implies purpose and progress.
Evaluation is a function of the conscious mind.
Evaluation is a judgment about a solution, process, design, report, material, and so forth.
Evaluation is a judgment about achievement based on the evidence.
Evaluation is a key component of our plan.
Evaluation is a key part of an information professional's work.
Evaluation is a learning tool.
Evaluation is a legitimate and necessary program improvement activity.
Evaluation is a long-term process that can create opportunities for greater success.
Evaluation is a major part of the students' final project.
Evaluation is a management tool.
Evaluation is a nonstop activity that includes a specific cycle of steps.
Evaluation is a particularly troublesome area for many drug court program leaders.
Evaluation is a process of growth that involves the assessment of strengths and weaknesses.
Evaluation is a process used to assess the quality of the curriculum.
Evaluation is a recursive process.
Evaluation is a regularly occurring fact of life in American education and society more generally.
Evaluation is a sensitive area.
Evaluation is a significant element of every proposal to IMLS grant programs.
Evaluation is a skill in which many students get little practice or guidance.
Evaluation is a statutory responsibility of the principal.
Evaluation is a system by which management processes and procedures improved.
Evaluation is a team effort.
Evaluation is a tool for measuring personal progress toward individual or course goals.
Evaluation is a tool of improvement through constructive healthy feedback.
Evaluation is a tricky issue.
Evaluation is a two-step process.
Evaluation is a two-way process, and is intended to be an educational experience for all involved.
Evaluation is a useful tool to enhance project performance.
Evaluation is a very important part of making progress in anything.
Evaluation is a working part of the organization.
Evaluation is about finding information for growth and change.
Evaluation is about making judgements on evidence to meet a particular purpose.
Evaluation is accepted as an integral part of the group's operation.
Evaluation is accomplished through both direct and indirect means.
Evaluation is accomplished through writing assignments, tests and practice exercises.
Evaluation is accurate to the story.
Evaluation is almost a way of life for an extension educator.
Evaluation is also a next step.
Evaluation is also a sound management tool.
Evaluation is also an important part of leadership development.
Evaluation is also available for review at the following locations.
Evaluation is also available on an as needed basis.
Evaluation is also vital.
Evaluation is always a long road, with many twists and turns.
Evaluation is always a multi-functional activity.
Evaluation is always appropriate if there is pain in any area of the head, face, or jaw.
Evaluation is always constructive.
Evaluation is an assessment of a soldier's current duty performance.
Evaluation is an essential component of any successful endeavor.
Evaluation is an essential component of good teaching.
Evaluation is an essential component of learning.
Evaluation is an essential component of rural health program development and implementation.
Evaluation is an essential element in documenting the impact of county extension programs.
Evaluation is an essential management tool.
Evaluation is an essential part of all three levels of the Decision-making Process.
Evaluation is an essential part of the teaching-learning process.
Evaluation is an essential tool of the education process.
Evaluation is an everyday process of gathering information with which to make important decisions.
Evaluation is an important aspect of dissemination planning and implementation.
Evaluation is an important component during the early phase of the fellows program.
Evaluation is an important component of management.
Evaluation is an important part of any project.
Evaluation is an important tool for planning future health fairs.
Evaluation is an individual process that requires independent judgment and critical thinking.
Evaluation is an inexact science.
Evaluation is an integral and ongoing component of the project.
Evaluation is an integral and on-going component of the project.
Evaluation is an integral part of system design.
Evaluation is an integral part of the instructional process.
Evaluation is an integral part of the planning and management process.
Evaluation is an integral part of the program.
Evaluation is an integral part of the student teaching process.
Evaluation is an integral part of the training process.
Evaluation is an on-going and integral part of the education offering.
Evaluation is an ongoing process and is critical to the success of any diversity initiative.
Evaluation is an on-going process and is critical to the success of any diversity initiative.
Evaluation is an on-going process in which all members of the school community participate.
Evaluation is an ongoing process that helps to ensure the financial success of any business.
Evaluation is an ongoing process.
Evaluation is an on-going process.
Evaluation is another area of innovation.
Evaluation is another key challenge in the distance learning environment.
Evaluation is another thing.
Evaluation is appraisals.
Evaluation is arranged between the faculty evaluator and the student.
Evaluation is as above, but looking for neurologic abnormalities.
Evaluation is at mid-term and semester end.
Evaluation is available by appointment only.
Evaluation is based entirely on the practical tasks assigned.
Evaluation is based on a briefing, written case analyses, and three exams.
Evaluation is based on a combination of class participation, homework, and examinations.
Evaluation is based on a combination of student-instructor presentations and a term paper.
Evaluation is based on a daily journal.
Evaluation is based on a paper and a brief presentation.
Evaluation is based on a point system.
Evaluation is based on a portfolio of student's work.
Evaluation is based on a portfolio of the student's work.
Evaluation is based on a pre-determined set of examinations, research projects, and term papers.
Evaluation is based on a quiz, a paper, and practicum experience.
Evaluation is based on a research paper and class presentation.
Evaluation is based on a series of assignments related to the topics covered in class.
Evaluation is based on a series of short quizzes, a midterm and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on a series of skits.
Evaluation is based on a variety of assignments, including presentations, papers, and readings.
Evaluation is based on accomplishment outside of the traditional classroom setting.
Evaluation is based on achievement of course objectives and assignments.
Evaluation is based on an exam, final, and class participation.
Evaluation is based on an examination and reports based on the field visits.
Evaluation is based on an examination.
Evaluation is based on assignments, analyses of case studies, and class participation.
Evaluation is based on assignments, attendance, class participation, and exams.
Evaluation is based on assignments, class presentations and class participation.
Evaluation is based on attendance, participation, written scene analysis and journal entries.
Evaluation is based on attendance, programming exercises, midterm exams, and final exam.
Evaluation is based on attitude and demonstrated ability relative to the above objectives.
Evaluation is based on bedside, outpatient clinic and other interactions.
Evaluation is based on class attendance and participation and completion of all assignments.
Evaluation is based on class attendance and participation in and completion of all assignments.
Evaluation is based on class discussions and presentations, several short papers, and a final paper.
Evaluation is based on class examinations and laboratory performance.
Evaluation is based on class involvement, growth, and performance.
Evaluation is based on class participation and individual peerformance of music.
Evaluation is based on class participation and individual performance of music.
Evaluation is based on class participation, assigned projects, and three written exams.
Evaluation is based on class participation, assignments, tests, and a project.
Evaluation is based on class participation, exams, lab reports and problem sets.
Evaluation is based on class participation, leading discussions, and a paper presentation.
Evaluation is based on class participation, oral presentations, and a paper.
Evaluation is based on class participation, quizzes, and a paper.
Evaluation is based on class participation, written work, tests and project evaluations.
Evaluation is based on class participationand individual performqnce of music.
Evaluation is based on class presentations, participation in group discussions and a final paper.
Evaluation is based on classroom participation and a course paper.
Evaluation is based on classroom participation and written work.
Evaluation is based on classroom performance, homework assignments, tests, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on classroom performance, homework assignments, tests, and a final project.
Evaluation is based on classroom performance, homework, quizzes, hour examinations, and final.
Evaluation is based on competence in a variety of problem-solving exercises.
Evaluation is based on completed mapwork, journals, and quizzes.
Evaluation is based on completeness and evidence of having read the material.
Evaluation is based on completeness and interaction with the literature assigned.
Evaluation is based on completeness and interaction with the text reading.
Evaluation is based on content and delivery.
Evaluation is based on content, ease of use, and design.
Evaluation is based on content, presentation and experience.
Evaluation is based on course assignments, development of program proposal, and examinations.
Evaluation is based on daily assignments, in-class projects, and a final test.
Evaluation is based on data.
Evaluation is based on demonstrated performance rather than credit hours or seat time.
Evaluation is based on demonstration of the stated competency-based outcomes.
Evaluation is based on discussion leadership, participation and a written assignment.
Evaluation is based on examinations and at least three student speaking experiences.
Evaluation is based on examinations, exercises, class participation, and research efforts.
Evaluation is based on exams, assignments and projects.
Evaluation is based on exams, internet assignments, in-class exercises, and a group project.
Evaluation is based on execution of assigned stage management duties.
Evaluation is based on five written papers, participation in discussions, and critical analysis.
Evaluation is based on four essay exams and random quizzes throughout the semester.
Evaluation is based on graded lab assignments, a lab test, and three exams.
Evaluation is based on homework assignments, class participation, lab work, and design projects.
Evaluation is based on homework assignments, laboratory work, hour tests, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on homework assignments, the projects, and a mid-term and final exam.
Evaluation is based on how effectively the children cooperate with each other.
Evaluation is based on how well the student has achieved the learning outcomes for work experience.
Evaluation is based on improvement in art skills and completion of assignments.
Evaluation is based on in-class participation, several written quizzes, and a final paper.
Evaluation is based on individual growth.
Evaluation is based on journal reflections and class participation.
Evaluation is based on journals kept by students.
Evaluation is based on journals, performances, participation, and a reflective paper.
Evaluation is based on knowledge gained, laboratory work, reports, and special projects.
Evaluation is based on lab participation, three quizzes, and a team project.
Evaluation is based on lab participation, two quizzes and several choices of take-home problems.
Evaluation is based on number of contacts and responses.
Evaluation is based on objective test results of topical units of study, and final examination.
Evaluation is based on objective test results on each unit, and final examination.
Evaluation is based on one paper and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on oral and written work.
Evaluation is based on papers and three exams.
Evaluation is based on participation and individual improvement.
Evaluation is based on participation and on the quality of the work produced.
Evaluation is based on participation and the completion of assignments.
Evaluation is based on participation in class discussions and a completed case study.
Evaluation is based on participation, homework, quizzes, exams and oral interviews.
Evaluation is based on participation, journals, and a small project.
Evaluation is based on participation, oral presentations, and a final paper.
Evaluation is based on participation.
Evaluation is based on passive knowledge and linguistic comptence in conversation.
Evaluation is based on performance and explanation of the demonstration.
Evaluation is based on performance of advanced duties in the field.
Evaluation is based on performance on the homework assignments, exams, and final project.
Evaluation is based on performance on the homework assignments, exams, and projects.
Evaluation is based on periodic assignments, tests, computer laboratory exercises, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on potential for completing the requirements for the desired degree.
Evaluation is based on problem sets, a midterm exam, a final paper, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on problem sets, laboratory work, an hour test, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on problem sets, laboratory work, two hour exams, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on problem sets, laboratory work, two hour tests, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on problem sets, quizzes, a midterm exam, a paper, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on problem sets, two hour tests, a paper, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on problem sets, two hour tests, laboratory work, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on problem sets, two hour tests, quizzes, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on projects and participation.
Evaluation is based on projects in which oral and written communications skills are developed.
Evaluation is based on projects, reading and writing assignment, and class participation.
Evaluation is based on quality of submitted papers and class participation.
Evaluation is based on quizzes and a final examination.
Evaluation is based on quizzes, a midterm examination, and a final examination.
Evaluation is based on quizzes, a paper, class participation, and a final paper.
Evaluation is based on quizzes, hour tests, a final exam, and two papers.
Evaluation is based on quizzes, laboratory notebooks, and a project report.
Evaluation is based on quizzes, test, and assignments.
Evaluation is based on quizzes, tests and assignments.
Evaluation is based on scholastic qualifications and formal preparation for advanced academic study.
Evaluation is based on seminar participation and written work.
Evaluation is based on standards of nursing practice.
Evaluation is based on take-home essays and problem sets which are assigned throughout the semester.
Evaluation is based on test,quizzes,homework,oral recitation,mid-term and final exam.
Evaluation is based on tests, class participation, small-group activities, and written assignments.
Evaluation is based on tests, quizzes, case studies, homework assignments, and projects.
Evaluation is based on tests, quizzes, class participation, and an exam.
Evaluation is based on tests, quizzes, homework, oral recitation, mid-term and final exams.
Evaluation is based on tests, quizzes, homework, oral recitation,mid-term and final exams.
Evaluation is based on tests, quizzes, reports, homework assignments, and projects.
Evaluation is based on tests, quizzes, translations, mid-term and final exams, and a final project.
Evaluation is based on tests, quizzes,homework, oral recitation,mid-term and final exams.
Evaluation is based on tests,quizzes, homework, oral recitation, mid-term and final exams.
Evaluation is based on that plan.
Evaluation is based on the cases, assigned problems, and student presentations.
Evaluation is based on the completed project using feedback from clients.
Evaluation is based on the criteria for each award.
Evaluation is based on the effects of the signs and symptoms on occupational and social functioning.
Evaluation is based on the effort exerted to achieve stated criteria.
Evaluation is based on the effort exerted to achieve the above.
Evaluation is based on the exercises and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on the group project and presentation.
Evaluation is based on the instructor's global assessment of student performance.
Evaluation is based on the observation of process and final product.
Evaluation is based on the results of two written examinations and one term paper.
Evaluation is based on the student's directoral work, examinations, and other assignments.
Evaluation is based on the student's directorial work, examinations, and other assignments.
Evaluation is based on the submitted paper and the oral presentation.
Evaluation is based on the successful completion of the semester project and the progress report.
Evaluation is based on the use and demonstrated understanding of the term.
Evaluation is based on the use and demonstrated understanding of the terms.
Evaluation is based on the weighted average of assignments and class participation.
Evaluation is based on the written assignments and classroom performance.
Evaluation is based on the written assignments, classroom attendance, and performance.
Evaluation is based on the written work, either papers or examinations.
Evaluation is based on three evening midterms and a final examination.
Evaluation is based on three exams and performance on homework and labs.
Evaluation is based on three written exams, vocabulary quizzes, daily homework, and short essays.
Evaluation is based on three written tests throughout the semester on assigned readings.
Evaluation is based on two exams and an applied project.
Evaluation is based on two exams, class participation and homework assignments.
Evaluation is based on two hour exams and a final.
Evaluation is based on two hour-exams and a final.
Evaluation is based on two hour-long exams, a final exam and the laboratory exercises and exams.
Evaluation is based on two paper assignments and exercises in the module.
Evaluation is based on two tests, an analytical essay, and brief reviews.
Evaluation is based on unit exams and a nine-week field research project.
Evaluation is based on weekly group participation and oral and written presentations.
Evaluation is based on weekly homework, a midterm exam and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on weekly lab assignments, exams, and a comprehensive final project.
Evaluation is based on weekly quizzes and lab work, a midterm exam, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on weekly tests, workbook, and class discussion.
Evaluation is based on whether there are counterexamples.
Evaluation is based on written and oral reports presented at the end of the semester.
Evaluation is based on written and programming assignments, a midterm exam, and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on written assignments and a final exam.
Evaluation is based on written assignments and class discussion.
Evaluation is based on written assignments and participation in field, lab, and data analysis.
Evaluation is based on written tests, a research paper, a group project, and required reading.
Evaluation is based on written work, oral presentations and class participation.
Evaluation is based ONLY on the contents of the nomination form.
Evaluation is based partly on writing assignments.
Evaluation is based primarily on examination and participation .
Evaluation is based primarily on examination and participation.
Evaluation is based primarily on literature research papers in the areas of the units completed.
Evaluation is based primarily upon a paper in an area selected by the student.
Evaluation is based solely on writing and communication skills.
Evaluation is based upon a clearly defined portfolio of individual and team tasks.
Evaluation is based upon a midterm and a final examination.
Evaluation is based upon a mid-term essay and a final examination.
Evaluation is based upon a portfolio of the student's work.
Evaluation is based upon a written midterm, final exam, and participation.
Evaluation is based upon achievement of course and clinical objectives.
Evaluation is based upon achievement of course objectives.
Evaluation is based upon achievement of course outcomes and course and unit objectives.
Evaluation is based upon achievement of stated course and unit objectives.
Evaluation is based upon attendance and participation.
Evaluation is based upon attendance, class participation, and quizzes.
Evaluation is based upon both oral and written performance.
Evaluation is based upon both oral and written work with greater emphasis on the latter.
Evaluation is based upon class examinations, a final examination, and weekly assignments.
Evaluation is based upon class participation, a major paper, and a final examination.
Evaluation is based upon creativity, neatness, total presentation and testing.
Evaluation is based upon creativity, neatness, total presentation, and testing.
Evaluation is based upon creativity, neatness,total presentation and testing.
Evaluation is based upon daily work, class participation and tests.
Evaluation is based upon laboratory work, quizzes, tests, and final exams.
Evaluation is based upon one research project, two lab reports, a research paper, and problems.
Evaluation is based upon tests, quizzes, homework, class participation, mid-term and final exams.
Evaluation is based upon the visual evidence of one hour spent drawing.
Evaluation is based upon three hourly in-class examinations and a final examination.
Evaluation is based upon two exams, a paper, and several laboratory reports.
Evaluation is based upon two hourly in-class examinations.
Evaluation is begun when payment received.
Evaluation is biased and model-dependent.
Evaluation is both a product and an ongoing process.
Evaluation is both analytical and experimental.
Evaluation is both quantitative and qualitative.
Evaluation is both science and art.
Evaluation is both subjective and objective by the cadre.
Evaluation is broad in scope and shows evidence of honest reflection.
Evaluation is built into every participatory self help action.
Evaluation is by appointment.
Evaluation is by class participation and an essay at the end of term.
Evaluation is by class participation, four quizzes, and completion of assigned readings.
Evaluation is by evidence of accomplishment on part of participants.
Evaluation is by examination.
Evaluation is by in-class and final exams.
Evaluation is by librarians or information professionals.
Evaluation is by means of exercises, quizzes and a final exam.
Evaluation is by mid-term tests and final examination.
Evaluation is by practice-based assignments, attendance, and class participation.
Evaluation is by quizzes and tests.
Evaluation is by skills, knowledge, and participation.
Evaluation is by teacher observation and student self-evaluation.
Evaluation is by tests and an essay.
Evaluation is by the entire archaeology faculty.
Evaluation is by the faculty members based on a oral quiz as well as daily performance.
Evaluation is by the use of financial criteria.
Evaluation is by way of oral examination.
Evaluation is by written examination.
Evaluation is by written examinations and presentation of a poster.
Evaluation is by written tests administered regularly throughout the course and a final exam.
Evaluation is carried out both through the use of a fitness function and through human interaction.
Evaluation is carried out by an independent body.
Evaluation is carried out jointly by the retail organization and the course instructor.
Evaluation is centered around individual accomplishment in relationship to learning standards.
Evaluation is central to the series of questions that dominate today's evolving museum.
Evaluation is characterized by 'stepping back' and reflection.
Evaluation is clearly one challenge on which further work needs to be done.
Evaluation is codified in our district's goal statements.
Evaluation is competency based.
Evaluation is concerned with appraising the merit of a literary work.
Evaluation is concerned with the ability to judge the value of material.
Evaluation is conducted at the end of each semester.
Evaluation is conducted by the studio instructor as well as student peers and outside reviewers.
Evaluation is conducted informally through teacher observation as the students conduct the activity.
Evaluation is conducted periodically to determine adherence to such standards.
Evaluation is conducted through interviews, participant observation and document analysis.
Evaluation is conducted through performance exams, assignments, and projects.
Evaluation is conducted through written assignments and in-class examination.
Evaluation is conducted to formulate alternative approaches to reducing the identified risks.
Evaluation is conducted without regard to religious affiliation.
Evaluation is constant and begins shortly after the cadet arrives.
Evaluation is continuous and bottom line sensitive.
Evaluation is continuous and interactive as residents and faculty work together.
Evaluation is continuous and useful.
Evaluation is continuous.
Evaluation is covered here as well, an important part in writing a grant proposal.
Evaluation is critical to accountability and to ensure wise use of scarce resources.
Evaluation is critical.
Evaluation is crucial to provide the underpinning of evidence based policy.
Evaluation is crucial to the medium and long term development of superhighways in education.
Evaluation is crucial.
Evaluation is currently a line item in the annual appropriations bill.
Evaluation is currently underway to remodel the existing facility or to construct a new facility.
Evaluation is currently underway.
Evaluation is decided by nature.
Evaluation is definitely well-behaved.
Evaluation is dependent upon shared responsibility and rigorous professional judgments.
Evaluation is descriptive and non-numerical at all grade levels.
Evaluation is designed into Outstanding Practices.
Evaluation is determined by the successful execution of the programs.
Evaluation is determined by the successfull execution of the programs.
Evaluation is difficult because of the technology.
Evaluation is difficult to work with constructively.
Evaluation is done by asking questions to students during the lesson.
Evaluation is done by both the program co-ordinator and the library supervisor.
Evaluation is done by class instructor.
Evaluation is done by comparing later entries to earlier ones.
Evaluation is done by faculty in the appropriate department.
Evaluation is done by full-time faculty.
Evaluation is done by means of a test or written assignment.
Evaluation is done by means of an individual written assignment.
Evaluation is done by means written assignment.
Evaluation is done by observing the physical body and detecting subtle energy levels in the body.
Evaluation is done by the faculty in the related department.
Evaluation is done by the instructors within each class.
Evaluation is done by the preceptor at midpoint of the rotation and at the end of the rotation.
Evaluation is done hierarchically during the configuration and detailed design stages.
Evaluation is done in a friendly manner to focus on areas of improvement.
Evaluation is done in two ways.
Evaluation is done on the basis of graded assignments, tests, mid-term and final examinations.
Evaluation is done on the basis of the discussion.
Evaluation is done recursively.
Evaluation is done through a group presentation and report.
Evaluation is done through a test and an individual written assignment.
Evaluation is done through a test at the end of the course.
Evaluation is done through a written assignment and a class test.
Evaluation is done through a written assignment.
Evaluation is done through an individual or group assignment.
Evaluation is done through an individual written assignment.
Evaluation is done through an individual written paper.
Evaluation is done using standard criteria that are the same for papers on all topics.
Evaluation is done, for establish how to link problem objects.
Evaluation is educational for the tutors as well as for the patient.
Evaluation is either by a short paper or a course examination.
Evaluation is essential to any educational program.
Evaluation is essential to sound operation.
Evaluation is essential to the outcome.
Evaluation is essentially a political act.
Evaluation is expressed as conditional rewriting and includes store operations.
Evaluation is extremely important in the cooperative education concept.
Evaluation is extremely important in the modification phase of the process.
Evaluation is facilitated by well-defined goals and objectives.
Evaluation is flawed.
Evaluation is flexible.
Evaluation is focused on strengths, areas of growth, and potential means to achieve future growth.
Evaluation is formative and based on students' anwers to questions on the screen of the module.
Evaluation is formative and summative.
Evaluation is free from unfair bias towards achieving any particular result.
Evaluation is free.
Evaluation is from left to right, although parentheses can be used to force the order of evaluation.
Evaluation is fundamentally a process of deciding what is valued.
Evaluation is guided by the intended learning outcomes of the curriculum.
Evaluation is however largely qualitative, focusing on client needs and feedback.
Evaluation is implicit in any design and development process.
Evaluation is important for organizational accountability and planning purposes.
Evaluation is important for the next time.
Evaluation is important.
Evaluation is in sequence with the result of earlier assignments available to later ones.
Evaluation is in terms of the hypotheses being tested and relative power.
Evaluation is in the form of a midterm exam and a final paper.
Evaluation is in the form of a midterm examination and a final paper.
Evaluation is inappropriate for many students.
Evaluation is included.
Evaluation is initiated.
Evaluation is inseparable from project development.
Evaluation is integral to training.
Evaluation is integrated in the course design.
Evaluation is intended to improve program planning and delivery.
Evaluation is judgment
Evaluation is judgment.
Evaluation is just a fact of life.
Evaluation is left to right.
Evaluation is left up to the teacher.
Evaluation is listed at the end of each lesson.
Evaluation is made by a unanimous pass or fail vote of the student s dissertation committee.
Evaluation is made by class participation, written translations, quizzes, tests and final exam.
Evaluation is made by the advisers and an examination committee.
Evaluation is made by the internship advisor in consultation with the employer.
Evaluation is made by the internship advisor, in consultation with the supervisor.
Evaluation is made of team performance and individual contribution.
Evaluation is more critical to the brain than assessment .
Evaluation is more than collecting answers or completing the required reporting forms.
Evaluation is necessarily somewhat subjective.
Evaluation is necessary to the accountability of programs for which the public clamors.
Evaluation is necessary.
Evaluation is needed because volunteers want to know how they're doing.
Evaluation is needed to ensure that management dollars are spent effectively and efficiently.
Evaluation is needed to measure the impact of program activities.
Evaluation is needed.
Evaluation is never fun.
Evaluation is non-existent.
Evaluation is normally by substantial research paper at the end of each semester.
Evaluation is normally quite consistent.
Evaluation is objective.
Evaluation is often an important component.
Evaluation is omitted because the task itself is an evaluation.
Evaluation is on a continuous basis.
Evaluation is on a point accrual basis.
Evaluation is on a rolling basis.
Evaluation is on academic qualifications and formal preparation for advanced graduate study.
Evaluation is on content, critical analysis, consistency of thought, grammar and form.
Evaluation is on oral presentation, term paper, and written examinations.
Evaluation is on performance, competence and behavior.
Evaluation is on the basis of quizzes and a final exam.
Evaluation is on the basis of weekly assignments, a term test, and a final examination.
Evaluation is on the basis of weekly assignments, term tests, and a final examination.
Evaluation is on the solution and the approach of the applicant.
Evaluation is one of the most important factors to improve program quality.
Evaluation is ongoing with an annual contract.
Evaluation is ongoing with participants evaluating as they complete each section.
Evaluation is on-going, immediate, constructive and individualized.
Evaluation is ongoing.
Evaluation is only possible when observable activities are linked to goals and objectives.
Evaluation is part of a reflective process.
Evaluation is performed during the second phase.
Evaluation is performed in the context of motor activation and fluency.
Evaluation is personalized, often holistic, and focused on complex activities.
Evaluation is primarily by several hour tests.
Evaluation is primarily formative and is seen as an opportunity to review concerns and support.
Evaluation is primarily in the form of discussion and feedback from participants.
Evaluation is primarily through laboratory practica.
Evaluation is provided by an outside entity.
Evaluation is provided by direct observation, chart audit, and rotation evaluation forms.
Evaluation is provided by feedback from the peer group.
Evaluation is provided by the on-site supervisor and course instructor.
Evaluation is provided for infertility, subfertility, and fetal losses.
Evaluation is quick and easy requiring no additional hardware investment or software development.
Evaluation is realistic.
Evaluation is reality based.
Evaluation is required for above programs.
Evaluation is required.
Evaluation is rigorous.
Evaluation is seen as an integral part of social work education and practice.
Evaluation is similar.
Evaluation is simple, inexpensive, and reliable.
Evaluation is stored in student records for the instructor.
Evaluation is stressful.
Evaluation is systematic and ongoing.
Evaluation is the ability to make a judgement about the value of something by using a standard.
Evaluation is the act of deciding what is good, bad, or mediocre.
Evaluation is the co-responsibility of faculty and students.
Evaluation is the crucial first step for accessing the special education system.
Evaluation is the end of one policymaking cycle and the beginning of another.
Evaluation is the final aspect of programming.
Evaluation is the highest level of thinking.
Evaluation is the key.
Evaluation is the next portion of the unit plan.
Evaluation is the process applied to an expression in order to derive a character string .
Evaluation is the process by which a program is executed in Common Lisp .
Evaluation is the process by which a program is executed in Common Lisp.
Evaluation is the process of determining the value and effectiveness of a learning program.
Evaluation is the process of making judgements on the basis of the information collected.
Evaluation is the process of making judgments based on criteria and evidence.
Evaluation is the process of measuring the effect of what was achieved.
Evaluation is the process of seeing how things are going and to change the process if needed.
Evaluation is the relevance and usefulness of a Biblical passage.
Evaluation is the rendering of a judgment based on merit.
Evaluation is the responsibility of everyone.
Evaluation is the responsibility of the user.
Evaluation is the second critical component of the precept method.
Evaluation is the weakest aspect of family literacy programs.
Evaluation is therefore an essential part of interface development.
Evaluation is therefore formative, that is aimed at clarifying goals and improving performance.
Evaluation is therefore important.
Evaluation is through a detailed written report or examination of the study undertaken.
Evaluation is through attendance and participation, quizzes, and a final exam.
Evaluation is through both knowledge and performance-based experience.
Evaluation is through conference and joint critique of the entire independent study process.
Evaluation is through teacher observation, discussion, and the following scoring guide.
Evaluation is through the analysis of original data generated by the student.
Evaluation is thus easier.
Evaluation is tied into the second activity.
Evaluation is to apply particular function to the argument in concern.
Evaluation is to be based solely on academic performance.
Evaluation is to be followed by a careful design stage, then the construction of the site.
Evaluation is to establish criteria and make judgements and decisions.
Evaluation is two fold.
Evaluation is under way, but initial results are encouraging.
Evaluation is underway.
Evaluation is uniform throughout the program.
Evaluation is up to the teacher.
Evaluation is used for various purposes in education.
Evaluation is used to assure training quality.
Evaluation is used to judge or measure attitudes and ideas, programs, projects and goals.
Evaluation is used to measure the extent to which program goals and objectives are met.
Evaluation is usually every three to six months and is based upon severity.
Evaluation is valuable.
Evaluation is varied and frequent.
Evaluation is very important, and that's where the industry has to go.
Evaluation is vital in order for the school to be responsive to parent and student needs.
Evaluation is weighted in favor of regular class attendance.
Evaluation is work that exists alongside program planning and implementation.
Evaluation is worth the time, money, and effort.
Evaluation is, however, a critical function of teaching.
Evaluation is, however, essential for a dynamic training system.
Evaluation isa event.
Evaluation Keep a journal after reading each section and discussing the stories.
Evaluation Keep a written record of paraprofessional progress.
Evaluation Keep informal record of student participation during the discussion.
Evaluation Let each student share which traits they have and which traits their parents have.
Evaluation likewise requires at least as much information.
Evaluation link a.
Evaluation Listen to what the students say about what they see.
Evaluation log truck trip time.
Evaluation Look at drawings and half hull.
Evaluation Make a judgement about something using some criteria or standard.
Evaluation Make another folder to store personal emails.
Evaluation Make critical judgements regarding the value of knowledge to specific situations.
Evaluation makes everyone anxious.
Evaluation means an authoritative and personal appraisal of both contributions and limitations.
Evaluation means estimating significance, relevance and reliability.
Evaluation means the process of determining whether objectives have been met.
Evaluation Metalworking fluid exposure is measured either as mineral oil mist or nuisance dust.
Evaluation minimizes the traditional reliance on written examinations.
Evaluation modalities for project output, impact and sustainability.
Evaluation Monitor the sales of final reports and the distribution of short reports.
Evaluation needs more work.
Evaluation needs to be a continuing and evolving process.
Evaluation needs to be able to build on a system of monitoring.
Evaluation needs to be built into training design.
Evaluation needs to be completed within a reasonable time after the parent gives consent.
Evaluation needs to be considered an ongoing activity that is part of any intervention.
Evaluation needs to be fair and equitable.
Evaluation needs to be improved in many programmes.
Evaluation needs to be on-going.
Evaluation needs to be participatory and reflective in order to be meaningful for teachers.
Evaluation needs to be relevant and meaningful in order to be constructive.
Evaluation needs to occur in order to bring about necessary change.
Evaluation needs to operate at two main levels.
Evaluation normally takes four to six weeks.
Evaluation normally takes place from left to right.
Evaluation Observe the children while they are using their art material.
Evaluation Observe the students while they are working.
Evaluation occurs all the time.
Evaluation occurs annually.
Evaluation occurs at both the program and the course level.
Evaluation occurs at every stage of the process.
Evaluation occurs at least annually.
Evaluation occurs before the filter script executes.
Evaluation occurs continually both formally and informally.
Evaluation occurs continually.
Evaluation occurs entirely at the local level.
Evaluation occurs informally throughout the process.
Evaluation occurs through essays, tests, class participation, and a final exam.
Evaluation occurs through written and oral tests and exams.
Evaluation occurs throughout the social marketing process.
Evaluation occurs when members are judgmental.
Evaluation occurs yearly at the end of the semester in which the program takes place.
Evaluation occurs yearly.
Evaluation offer available on site.
Evaluation plans to assess student progress and instructional effectiveness.
Evaluation points toward their final grade.
Evaluation presents a value and judgement about the strength of the argument.
Evaluation presupposes knowledge regarding the degree of exposure.
Evaluation presupposes some benchmarks.
Evaluation presupposes some standard of judgement.
Evaluation proceeds as follows.
Evaluation proceeds similar to concur .
Evaluation proves that squatty bullet shapes are more efficient than long, slender bullets.
Evaluation Provide a critique of the agency.
Evaluation Provide frequent feedback for the co-op student about performance.
Evaluation Provide the students with a sample of the completed assignment.
Evaluation provides an opportunity to prepare for the future.
Evaluation provides members with a sense of competence and accomplishment.
Evaluation provides the area to describe nature and result of our learner's efforts.
Evaluation provides the feedback necessary to determine whether the management strategy is working.
Evaluation provides the opportunity to make improvements to a program as it develops.
Evaluation puts the puzzle on a scale and compartively weighs their worth using some criteria.
Evaluation raises the level of professional discourse within the school.
Evaluation Read the preliminary interim report of the grant's success to date.
Evaluation Read the short stories aloud to small groups for honoring the author.
Evaluation Refer back to the lesson often and extend as much as possible.
Evaluation Refer to rubric on student page.
Evaluation refers to determinations of program effectiveness.
Evaluation refers to the decision-making which follows assessment.
Evaluation refers to the screening, assessment, and diagnosis of language and speech disorders.
Evaluation reflects an hour exam, class participation, field trips, a term paper, and a final exam.
Evaluation reflects the stated learning objectives and is integrated with instruction.
Evaluation Regularly evaluate physical activity instruction, programs, and facilities.
Evaluation relates to the process of making judgment on quality, value or worth based on criteria.
Evaluation relies upon a single form of assessment or a limited term of data.
Evaluation remains the same.
Evaluation Remember a good evaluation means a promotion.
Evaluation Remember that assignments are due when they are due.
Evaluation report The report issued by the visiting inspector.
Evaluation Reports Describe what phase involves.
Evaluation reports in Word.doc format.
Evaluation reports on research design and studies.
Evaluation Reports upon completion of both internal and external evaluation studies.
Evaluation requires careful preparation if the speaker is to benefit.
Evaluation requires data collection before and after a given period of project implementation.
Evaluation requires epidemiologic and laboratory based investigations.
Evaluation requires rationality, experience and reasoning skills.
Evaluation requires slit lamp examination and evaluation by a pediatric ophthalmologist.
Evaluation requires the student to make a judgement.
Evaluation results for homogeneous region.
Evaluation results from frequency distribution processing are ready in two weeks.
Evaluation results given to faculty member.
Evaluation reveals a hemarthrosis.
Evaluation reveals severe dehydration with hypokalemia.
Evaluation Review the employee's self evaluation.
Evaluation See the separate evaluation sheet.
Evaluation seems to go with the territory.
Evaluation serves a primary purpose in providing information for making decisions about training.
Evaluation serves to better understand underlying processes that explain obtained program effects.
Evaluation serves two purposes.
Evaluation sheets distribution.
Evaluation shows committee members that they are valued assets to the organization.
Evaluation shows if treatments are working.
Evaluation spurs questions about Ga. investment in middle schools.
Evaluation Strongly Agree Strongly disagree The offering met the stated objectives.
Evaluation suggests a positive outcome from well designed studies.
Evaluation suggests a positive outcome from well- designed studies.
Evaluation suggests positive outcome data from well-designed studies.
Evaluation Take time to review written evaluations.
Evaluation takes place at each stage of the project.
Evaluation takes place at the end of a semester.
Evaluation takes place at two points in the internship experience.
Evaluation takes place continuously.
Evaluation takes place from left to right.
Evaluation takes place immediately.
Evaluation takes place in two parts.
Evaluation takes place on set dates during the year and advance registration is required.
Evaluation takes place on the homework assignments, in class discussion, and on the exams.
Evaluation takes place with the different selected clones after selection.
Evaluation takes planning, time and coordination.
Evaluation Tells the reader how the alternatives compare to the criteria.
Evaluation ties all program elements together.
Evaluation Trained evaluators apply empirically-derived usability guidelines.
Evaluation Try to be objective.
Evaluation typically begins with an outpatient visit.
Evaluation Use authenic assessment and curriculum standards.
Evaluation Use the following to evaluate the students product and performance.
Evaluation Use the weather symbols they have learned to write coded weather messages to each other.
Evaluation works as for expression application.
Evaluations allow students to evaluate a course, including the instructor for the course.
Evaluations also can focus on attitudes toward sensory disabilities, such as blindness and deafness.
Evaluations are a critical component in a candidate s application.
Evaluations are a fraud.
Evaluations are a fully functional, time-limited version of the software.
Evaluations are a local responsibility.
Evaluations are a major factor in determining the student's grade.
Evaluations are a means of negotiating different realities.
Evaluations are a permanent part of the academic record.
Evaluations are a real-world activity.
Evaluations are a requirement of funding.
Evaluations are a significant consideration in assigning a final grade.
Evaluations are also important for the supervisors and for improving teaching effectiveness.
Evaluations are always subjective to some extent.
Evaluations are an important part of an associate's career and development as an attorney.
Evaluations are an important part of communicating with an individual.
Evaluations are an integral part of learning.
Evaluations are anonymous and are treated with strict confidentiality.
Evaluations are are function of cognitive, affect and behavioral intentions of the object.
Evaluations are available at affordable rates.
Evaluations are available at no cost to the family.
Evaluations are available by mail, phone or on site.
Evaluations are available for all products.
Evaluations are available for preschoolers through adults to help give a voice to their thoughts.
Evaluations are available for the residents to review.
Evaluations are available upon request.
Evaluations are available.
Evaluations are based on the major students indicate on their applications.
Evaluations are both competency and knowledge-based.
Evaluations are both qualitative and quantitative, and take place on several levels.
Evaluations are chronically behind schedule.
Evaluations are competency-based.
Evaluations are comprehensive and involve all aspects of the internship experience.
Evaluations are confidential.
Evaluations are critical.
Evaluations are due at the beginning of class during the next class meeting time.
Evaluations are fairly positive and increasing with regard to housing.
Evaluations are free .
Evaluations are free of charge.
Evaluations are free.
Evaluations are highly encouraging and provide a positive learning experience for all.
Evaluations are important to staff for performance evaluations.
Evaluations are important.
Evaluations are in the form of multiple choice, short answer, and short essay exams.
Evaluations are knowledge and competency based.
Evaluations are knowledge- and competency based.
Evaluations are knowledge and competencybased.
Evaluations are lengthy and designed to show all aspects of teacher student behavior.
Evaluations are mandatory and monitored by the chair.
Evaluations are models which attempt to capture and summarise reality.
Evaluations are nothing to study for, just some basic skills assessments.
Evaluations are often central to the defense of a layoff or termination decision.
Evaluations are often subjective, arbitrary and susceptible to unconscious biases.
Evaluations are one of the main instruments of performance management.
Evaluations are one of the three main parts of a meeting.
Evaluations are ongoing as weather and floodwater permit.
Evaluations are ongoing as weather and floodwaters permit.
Evaluations are ongoing.
Evaluations are particularly important if the fellow's performance has been unacceptable.
Evaluations are periodic.
Evaluations are primarily for the purpose of improvement.
Evaluations are processed as quickly as possible on a first come, first serve basis.
Evaluations are statements of taste and interpretation.
Evaluations are strongly positive from the students, the mentors and school personnel.
Evaluations are subject to higher-level manager review.
Evaluations are terse, often witty and metaphoric.
Evaluations are the most significant component of a dossier file.
Evaluations are the only outlet to let the university know how well a professor has performed.
Evaluations are the quality-control check for training.
Evaluations are the responsibility and the expense of the individual applicant.
Evaluations are the standards by which characters measure their progress.
Evaluations are to be administered within the last three weeks of any given term.
Evaluations are to be completed at the end of each course in order to maintain quality services.
Evaluations are to be conducted by a person other than the faculty member.
Evaluations are to be done by the head coach, athletic director and principal of each member school.
Evaluations are to be exchanged two days prior to the discussion.
Evaluations are to be submitted by the grantee in accordance with the funding agency's requirements.
Evaluations are to be submitted to the student's university supervisor.
Evaluations are to be turned in at the first class meeting.
Evaluations are to occur after one full year of implementation.
Evaluations are tricky because humans are tricky.
Evaluations are under way to study the effectiveness of the videos via multiple modes of delivery.
Evaluations are up.
Evaluations are very helpful.
Evaluations arrive approximately six weeks after the semester ends.
Evaluations Be available for consul and advice for intern and internship provider.
Evaluations can also improve employee development and indicate training needs.
Evaluations can also provide contract language to spell out just what minimum competencies are.
Evaluations can also rely on participatory methods.
Evaluations can be qualitative or quantitative.
Evaluations can begin once a physicians referral is received.
Evaluations can determine if the goals of the partnership have been met.
Evaluations can identify the areas of importance to customers.
Evaluations can lead to improvements to keep the program vibrant.
Evaluations can measure the final product or analyze the process, or both.
Evaluations can occur before, during, and after the work session.
Evaluations can occur more often if a staff member's performance needs closer attention.
Evaluations can serve many purposes.
Evaluations can take up to six months.
Evaluations clearly show the benefits of a graduated licensing system.
Evaluations conducted on outdoor programs reveal important, diverse, near, and long-term impacts.
Evaluations consist of assessments of movement, balance, medical, and cognitive status.
Evaluations consist of case-studies which cover an entire group and have to be solved at home.
Evaluations consist of the imputation of some degree of goodness or badness to an attitude object.
Evaluations consist of two components.
Evaluations continually reinforce the desire for opportunities to network with colleagues.
Evaluations continue on the potential contribution of hatchery fish to depleted stocks.
Evaluations describe an existing pest management system.
Evaluations determine how students view the instructor and the coursework.
Evaluations do require money.
Evaluations don t have to be a negative experience.
Evaluations done by senior electrical engineering faculty corroborate the student evaluations.
Evaluations drive the special education process.
Evaluations emphasize integration of knowledge.
Evaluations ensure that children develop the skills necessary for success in school and life.
Evaluations examine operational aims and the extent to which they are being achieved.
Evaluations Find out about independent assessments .
Evaluations force employees and their supervisors to talk at least once a year.
Evaluations Go to . . .
Evaluations have just the purpose of monitoring the site's popularity.
Evaluations help estimate packout and can be used to determine storage and market destination.
Evaluations help instructors gauge performance .
Evaluations help pinpoint the problem, and then a recommendation for exact treatment can be made.
Evaluations improve educational architecture.
Evaluations indexed by rating class are also available.
Evaluations indicate animproved understanding of fund raising techniques.
Evaluations indicate campers found the experience both personally and educationally exciting.
Evaluations indicate high satisfaction and increasing numbers of participants.
Evaluations indicate impressive results.
Evaluations indicate New Zealand's system successfully reduces teenagers' crashes.
Evaluations indicate positive outcomes for students involved.
Evaluations indicate that the activities are quite beneficial.
Evaluations indicate the course is having a positive effect on the students.
Evaluations inherently involve knowledge and purpose.
Evaluations is based on test, quizzes,homework,oral recitation,mid-term and final exams.
Evaluations occur only once a year.
Evaluations offer awards, recognition to student media.
Evaluations provide an opportunity to give student workers feedback and recognition for their work.
Evaluations range from a few hundred to a few thousand armed combatants.
Evaluations reflect the criteria in the job-specific descriptions.
Evaluations reflect the extent to which employees are meeting job performance expectations.
Evaluations require renewal every five years until a site is actually acquired.
Evaluations reveal the retreat s effectiveness in terms of depth and scope.
Evaluations serve as the easiest method of measuring success and can be readily utilized.
Evaluations shift the focus from grade competition to learning.
Evaluations show a high level of student satisfaction with the program.
Evaluations show dissatisfaction with the speed of videos when they are viewed simultaneously.
Evaluations show that students also consider the learning experience to be excellent.
Evaluations show that students who spend more time in groups and in project work learn better.
Evaluations show that the implementation and design is efficient and functionally correct.
Evaluations suggest that it is possible to achieve substantial administrative savings.
Evaluations suggest that the concept is more effective than zero tolerance policing.
Evaluations take four to five hours.
Evaluations take place at the end of each term and consist of private talks with the staff team.
Evaluations take place during one week in the second semester each year.
Evaluations take several weeks, so plan ahead.
Evaluations tend to be an unexamined part of the corporate culture.
Evaluations tend to be informal and individualized.
Evaluations typically take one - two hours to complete.
Evaluations vary according to the purpose of the visit.
Evaluation usually lasts four days.
Evaluation usually takes the form of a mark or grade for a piece of work.
Evaluations usually require a few business days to complete.
All evaluation has the potential to produce major negative consequences.
All evaluation is based on achievement of course objectives.
All evaluation is to be deferred until after the session.
All evaluations are confidential and shared only with the instructor.
All evaluations are confidential.
All evaluations are due within one week of the event.
All evaluations are independent and unbiased.
All evaluations are individualized and strictly confidential.
All evaluations are still in progress.
All evaluations are subject to acceptance and discretion.
All evaluations are subjective.
All evaluations are to be returned to the faculty member.
All evaluations initiated by the compiler take place in the evaluation environment .
All evaluations involve confirmation of logs and health certificates for both the handler and dog.
All evaluations take place in the hospital.
Any evaluation based on the old history is bound to be flawed because it's a whole new ballgame.
Any evaluation done by the coach is kept strictly confidential.
Any evaluation is a prescriptive claim.
Any evaluation is better than none.
Any evaluation is easier to conduct and explain if the reference criteria are explicit.
Any evaluations has a clear set of criteria to justify the final judgment.
Every evaluation covers the details that can spell the difference between profits or poverty.
Every evaluation is done by a licensed and certified speech-language pathologist or audiologist.
Many evaluations are quite straight forward and easy to understand.
Many evaluations utilize the logic model.
More evaluation needs to be done on the effects of social structure changes.
More evaluation needs to occur.
Most evaluation is done on one program at a time.
Most evaluation needs to be direct observation of students.
Most evaluations are available prior to registration.
Most evaluations involve an oral interview as well as written psychological testing.
Most evaluations look at only the advertising component.
Most evaluations now follow a basic formula.
Most evaluations occur in an outpatient setting.
Most evaluations take a few days or less.
Most evaluations use relatively idiosyncratic methods of measuring role functioning.
Much evaluation is required and the rejections are no longer taken negatively.
Some evaluation sounds available for download.
Some evaluations even enhance the learning process.
Some evaluations have been completed, others are in prosess, and more are being planned.
Evaluative annotations address the accuracy and scholarship of the document.
Evaluative annotations offer judgments about the item.
Evaluative comments are welcome.
Evaluative coping is the most difficult, because it involves changing patterns of evaluation.
Evaluative criticism concerns the study and analysis of specific works and their authors.
Evaluative data are in the formative stages.
Evaluative feedback is provided about the nature of each of the decisions made.
Evaluative feedback is when it is up to the teacher to judge what the student has learned.
Evaluative information is presented which was gathered from faculty and student experiences.
Evaluative meaning plays a special role in social semiotics.
Evaluative measures are normative, implying judgements about the quality of governance.
All evaluative methods have an assigned date.
Evaluative questions are the basic tools of self-assessment.
Evaluative questions ask for judgements.
Evaluative questions ask learners to give responses stating their own personal value judgments.
Evaluative questions deal with attitudes, feelings, morals, personal beliefs, and policies.
Evaluative studies discuss key components of successful on-line courses.
Evaluative studies incorporate effectiveness, acceptability and cost.
An evaluator is authority
Evaluator caches lexical addresses of variables.
Evaluator picks the suitable ones.
Evaluator sees only part of the course, whereas student evaluators see all of it.
Evaluator understands that they operate as an independent contractor.
Evaluator works collaboratively at various stages with end-users.
Evaluators also indicate whether a program contains sensitive content.
Evaluators are authority.
Evaluators are continually amazed at the amount of work achieved in one short week.
Evaluators are human and influenced by their own experiences and expectations.
Evaluators are suspicious by nature.
Evaluators are to avoid communications with only one attorney or the court on substantive issues.
Evaluators ask questions about specific sets of desired social ends.
Evaluators assess both the content and presentation of the project.
Evaluators can also use their results to design a new program or redesign an ineffective one.
Evaluators can avoid matings between sires and cows with similar major weaknesses.
Evaluators can be any of the dog related professionals listed above.
Evaluators can frequently avoid the frustration of trying to use bulls in short semen supply.
Evaluators can help stakeholders identify the intended uses for the evaluation.
Evaluators can replay specific parts of the interaction to identify patterns of errors.
Evaluators can replay specific parts of the interaction to identify patters of errors.
Evaluators can themselves learn teaching techniques by examining portfolios.
Evaluators comment that writing skills are a problem.
Evaluators compare proposals.
Evaluators conduct systematic, data-based inquiries about whatever is being evaluated.
Evaluators consider introductory materials a critical component of accessiblity and usability.
Evaluators do make errors in logic.
Evaluators enjoy the opportunity to return to the classroom.
Evaluators ensure the honesty and integrity of the entire evaluation process.
Evaluators focus on one topic for several months.
Evaluators get to watch websites become better and better because someone wants an award.
Evaluators have advanced degrees in various disciplines.
Evaluators have extensive experience in the field of visual impairment.
Evaluators have master's degrees with an additional field of specialty.
Evaluators have obligations that encompass the public interest and good.
Evaluators have to be flexible enough to adapt their recommendations to shifting contexts.
Evaluators involve a lot of math, so their performance in immediate mode is sometimes unacceptable.
Evaluators like to see contract deliverable items .
Evaluators look for proposals that offer substantial contributions to their fields.
Evaluators look for specific abilities such as speed, ball-control skills and passing ability.
Evaluators love to talk about the quick feet, jumping ability and quickness up and down the floor.
Evaluators make presentation to legislative committees and other groups throughout the year.
Evaluators make presentations to legislative committees and other groups throughout the year.
Evaluators meet to discuss findings and plan the recommendations.
Evaluators note that each program segment is introduced with both written and audio directions.
Evaluators perform functional and penetration testing.
Evaluators provide competent performance to stakeholders.
Evaluators provide constructive feedback in oral and written form.
Evaluators provide information and analyses for policy makers and program administrators.
Evaluators provide summative evaluation reports at the conclusion of a program.
Evaluators receive evaluation packet.
Evaluators receive no compensation for their service.
Evaluators reject programs containing demeaning labels or role stereotyping.
Evaluators review combined list individually and assign severity ratings.
Evaluators score each proposal and first round of scoring is completed.
Evaluators Share information from prevention research scientists with prevention practitioners.
Evaluators submit their scores without knowing what the other evaluators submit.
Evaluators submit written reports for commission and panel review.
Evaluators tend to be lawyers.
Evaluators use standardized criteria to assess teacher performance.
Evaluators use the evaluation criteria contained in the relevant solicitation announcement.
Evaluators use two main types of controls.
Evaluators view students' art on exhibition along with accompanying written statements.
Evaluators walk around observing the students and their problem solving strategies.
Evaluators frequently make presentations to legislative committees.
Evaluators usually read multiple proposals in a very short time.
All evaluators are different.
All evaluators are interior design practitioners and educators.
All evaluators have the option to accept or decline each assignment.
Any evaluator is welcome to attend all three days worth of presentations.
Every evaluator is different.
Many evaluators develop specific observations built around tasks, while others just observe.
Many evaluators get no training in how to write good evaluations.
Many evaluators struggle to motivate students to participate in evaluation activities.
Most evaluators require the owner to sign a waiver before testing the dog.
Some evaluators also do case studies of programs.
Some evaluators are interested only in results that can be measured quickly and easily.
Some evaluators have a difficult time giving a candid evaluation.
Some evaluators have access to the entire arrest record.
Some evaluators specialize within a specific age range or disability type.
Some evaluators work like judges in the ice-dance championships, awarding points for performance.
Some evaluators work on the other side of the market.
An evanescence is a disappearance
Evanescence is the goal of gradual removal from a foreground meant to be productive.
Evanescent waves Suppose the velocity increases to infinity at infinite depth.
Evangelical activity is of the essence of Christian discipleship.
Evangelical archives have a small core of researchers.
Some evangelical christians are the most intolerant.
Evangelical churches are generally small and few in number throughout the country.
Most evangelical churches sponsor a number of missionaries.
Some Evangelical churches are equally authoritative in their prohibitions.
Evangelical cinema is bad- just plain bad.
Evangelical commentators take a somewhat different view.
Many Evangelical congregations serve parishioners of a single race.
Evangelical denominations are no exception.
Evangelical entrepreneurs find fertile soil here.
Evangelical faith is that state of mind in which eternal things are apprehended as realities.
Evangelical faiths present the value of their church experience clearly and constantly.
Evangelical feminists take a much less critical approach.
Evangelical groups draw more lines in the sand.
Evangelical groups like to hold conventions in Orlando.
Many Evangelical groups accept dispensation doctrinal views - directly, indirectly or partially.
Many evangelical leaders see the movie as a way of reaching a more mainstream audience, though.
Evangelical men have a very difficult time admitting they have a hole in their soul.
Evangelical missionaries introduce new ideas and new melodies.
Evangelical opportunities abound when young families enter a church facility.
Evangelical poverty is lived out as an effective witness.
Evangelical poverty is very different from socio-economic poverty.
Evangelical reasons are better than survival reasons.
Evangelical scholars seek to discover if the church has misread the Bible.
Evangelical theology has a narrow picture of how church life and faith life work.
Evangelical thinkers are right, unbelief is different than doubt.
Evangelical women are half as likely as other Christian women to have abortions.
Evangelicalism can be no less dedicated to the same principle of studying the original languages.
Evangelicalism can only remain evangelical if it is passionately serious about truth and theology.
Evangelicalism ceases to be evangelicalism once the cross is no longer central.
Evangelicalism combined with a universal atonement leads to universal salvation.
Evangelicalism is a maze of thousands of independent denominations, ministries and mailing lists.
Evangelicalism is a populist movement, and a kind of missionary impulse is basic to our ethos.
Evangelicalism is accused of wrongly striving for certainty.
Evangelicalism is first and foremost a shared experience, vision, or story.
Evangelicalism is in epistemologic crisis.
Evangelicalism is religion
Evangelicalism is so entrepreneurial.
Evangelicalism prides itself on the centrality of the gospel and of salvation.
Evangelicalism still seeks an identity.
Evangelicalism teaches unity, while scripture teaches separation.
Much evangelicalism stresses the new birth as an instantaneous activity.
An evangelism is a speech
Evangelism also is a primary component of our ministry.
Evangelism begins by cultivating friendships with spiritually lost individuals.
Evangelism begins with prayer.
Evangelism belongs outside of the church, and edification belongs inside the church.
Evangelism calls for patience.
Evangelism can come across as selling.
Evangelism can deteriorate quickly into defense.
Evangelism can still be dynamic and effective.
Evangelism Check out our mission partners that specialize in evangelism.
Evangelism comes in many forms.
Evangelism comes naturally from a body of faithful, devoted, committed and worshiping disciples.
Evangelism comes naturally from a body of faithful, devoted, committed and worshipping disciples.
Evangelism continues to be the number one priority.
Evangelism explicitly confronts people with a dramatic call to have faith now, at once.
Evangelism flows out of cell life.
Evangelism gets a bum wrap.
Evangelism goes to the core of a church's culture and identity.
Evangelism has been misused in the past, there is no dispute on that score.
Evangelism has to do with orthodoxy and orthopraxis.
Evangelism has very little to do with deciding to grow.
Evangelism holds forth the carrot.
Evangelism involves a strategy of both saturation and penetration.
Evangelism involves honest concern for others.
Evangelism is a continuous process.
Evangelism is a Dominical mandate.
Evangelism is a job for everyone.
Evangelism is a key to a whole pastoral strategy adequate for our time.
Evangelism is a lifestyle.
Evangelism is a main concern of the church.
Evangelism is a matter of boasting.
Evangelism is a matter of caring.
Evangelism is a matter of change.
Evangelism is a matter of connecting.
Evangelism is a matter of life and death.
Evangelism is a priority .
Evangelism is a process.
Evangelism is a series of invitations.
Evangelism is a species of communication.
Evangelism is a species of witnessing.
Evangelism is a very personal activity, and most people have their own favorite tested methods.
Evangelism is a way of life.
Evangelism is about to become prophetic.
Evangelism is absolutely necessary to the dominion mandate in the post-Fall world.
Evangelism is accomplished by continuous dialogue in a loving.
Evangelism is accomplished in many ways.
Evangelism is already on the move.
Evangelism is also a cornerstone of the church.
Evangelism is also tough for students.
Evangelism is always a priority.
Evangelism is an application of the great commission.
Evangelism is an essential component of a virus of the mind.
Evangelism is an integral part of the Christian way.
Evangelism is another area in which misguided zeal can wreak havoc.
Evangelism is at the heart of it all, the tap-root of the ministering church.
Evangelism is basically stagnant in most congregations.
Evangelism is built upon truth statements.
Evangelism is central to social change.
Evangelism is clearly an imperative for the church.
Evangelism is concerned primarily with the proclamation of the gospel.
Evangelism is effected through open-air meetings led by teams of evangelists and church choirs.
Evangelism is extremely difficult.
Evangelism is fabulously important, of course.
Evangelism is free to flourish as never before.
Evangelism is fundamentally disrespectful.
Evangelism is important.
Evangelism is in, and judging people and being self-righteous is out.
Evangelism is intentional.
Evangelism is just one beggar telling another beggar where to find food.
Evangelism is learned through the modeling of the teachers.
Evangelism is main activity.
Evangelism is more than a responsibility, it is our great privilege.
Evangelism is more than an event.
Evangelism is much more that methods of member recruitment or church expansion.
Evangelism is no longer an agree upon first purpose.
Evangelism is no longer an option for the church.
Evangelism is now, more than ever before in our denominational history, a personal responsibility.
Evangelism is on our agenda, too.
Evangelism is one beggar telling another where they can both find bread.
Evangelism is one beggar telling another where to find bread.
Evangelism is one beggar telling another where to get bread.
Evangelism is one of the five.
Evangelism is ongoing as both children and adults receive instruction in the faith.
Evangelism is our only right to existence.
Evangelism is our watch word.
Evangelism is outreach, too.
Evangelism is primarily a process.
Evangelism is really a series of invitations.
Evangelism is really cool.
Evangelism is relational.
Evangelism is retarded.
Evangelism is simple.
Evangelism is simply the telling of the good news to the world.
Evangelism is so often a process rather than an event.
Evangelism is something that every member of a congregation can do.
Evangelism is stifled.
Evangelism is still effective in health spas attended by people from all over Ukraine and Russia.
Evangelism is tacked on.
Evangelism is the act of bringing good news to an individual.
Evangelism is the act of spreading good news.
Evangelism is the announcement or proclamation of the good news.
Evangelism is the conference's main emphasis.
Evangelism is the effective communication of the gospel to unbelievers.
Evangelism is the focus for every missionary.
Evangelism is the goal of the apostolic church.
Evangelism is the great priestly work of the Christian church.
Evangelism is the keyword for the meetings.
Evangelism is the lifeline, the blood and the heart of the word.
Evangelism is the link.
Evangelism is the natural outgrowth and overflow of a church that has a vital and dynamic in-reach.
Evangelism is the primary commission.
Evangelism is the primary work of the church.
Evangelism is the priority of our church.
Evangelism is the process of communicating the gospel.
Evangelism is the proclamation and demonstration of the good news.
Evangelism is the spoils of prayer.
Evangelism is the starting point.
Evangelism is the ultimate goal of all ministry.
Evangelism is the ultimate goal of Christian outreach.
Evangelism is the work of telling the good news.
Evangelism is then a pre-requisite to any hope of reformation.
Evangelism is theology in practice.
Evangelism is what the church does because it is the church.
Evangelism is, literally, proclaiming good news.
Evangelism marks the beginning of the Christian life.
Evangelism means inviting individuals into community.
Evangelism means obedience.
Evangelism ought to be shooting fish in a barrel.
Evangelism Provides support for programs of witness and spreading The News of Jesus Christ.
Evangelism reaches out to all in the community.
Evangelism refers to good news-derived from the Greek evangelion.
Evangelism relies on love.
Evangelism requires far more energy and people power than other parts of chapter life.
Evangelism seeks to woo.
Evangelism seems to be more appealing that way.
Evangelism spreads where deeds of love and service have been performed.
Evangelism starts with prayer.
Evangelism suffers as well.
Evangelism takes advantage of opportunities to reach internationals and rejoices in the results.
Evangelism takes on new dimensions.
Evangelism takes place in all aspects of everyday life.
Evangelism takes place when the evangelized become the evangelists.
Evangelism thus proceeds from community and it leads back into community.
Evangelisms are sermon.
Evangelism always requires the signs of truthfulness of the evangelist.
Evangelism often focuses on numbers like business focuses on sales.
Evangelism usually occurs, unlike formal dialogue and debate, in informal circumstances.
Most evangelism is done on foot, or by bicycle.
An evangelist is a preacher
Evangelist is one who travels and preaches.
Evangelists also plant churches.
Evangelists are a gift to the church.
Evangelists are messengers of good.
Evangelists are only human and have limited time, energy and abilities.
Evangelists are part of the five-fold ministry, along with pastors, teachers, prophets and apostles.
Evangelists are people who do the tough thing first.
Evangelists are preachers.
Evangelists are spiritual leaders.
Evangelists are still at work proclaiming the gospel to the world's six billion people.
Evangelists bring good news, pioneers in the gospel.
Evangelists can go out of their way to share the gospel in institutions.
Evangelists can make a big difference during the early months of any new system.
Evangelists explain the meaning of the colors.
Evangelists Exposed , progresses with fair rapidity from documentation of the pathetic into boredom.
Evangelists go out two by two to a circuit of five villages.
Evangelists have a knack for hearing and talking the language of the people.
Evangelists have many other duties and obligations.
Evangelists have regular jobs and use their holidays to go on trips.
Evangelists have the customers' best interest at heart.
Evangelists have the right to expect cooperation from the saints wherever they are laboring.
Evangelists oversee department heads.
Evangelists pray for the sick.
Evangelists preach on Sundays and manage the church's other activities.
Evangelists see the Web primarily as another medium for sales and marketing.
Evangelists spread the gospel, while teachers, prophets, and elders taught the saints.
Evangelists wear tunics and display their books.
Evangelists win converts.
Many evangelists are more concerned about numbers than they are about true converts.
Many evangelists come to India but they visit only big cities.
Many evangelists forget they are experts.
Most evangelists struggle in preaching to the choir.
Some evangelists seem afraid to share their knowledge or give information to young preachers.
Evangelistic camps capitalize on the opportunities of summer.
Evangelistic church faces both south and north, it has an altar on north and a belfry on south.
Many evangelistic efforts seem to be conducted for the sole glory of the denomination.
Evangelistic events are strategic and frequent.
Evangelistic groups rise and fall on leadership.
Evangelistic methods can be of value in some cases.
Evangelistic passion goes beyond words.
Evangelistic results continue to decline.
Evangelistic revivals emphasize emotional religious experience.
Evangelistic success creates excitement and builds churches.
Evangelistic work is carried on by several associations of believers.
Evangelistic work is tough in our county.
Evangelistic zeal seems non-existent.
Some evaporate dishes contain crystal.
Some evaporate dishes contain iodine crystal.
Some evaporate water creates steam.
Some evaporate water takes heat.
Evaporated milk is a concentrate
Evaporated milk is intended for different types of recipes.
Evaporated milk is made for the first time.
Evaporated milk is milk
Evaporated water is a major part of an ecosystem and is crucial to the water cycle.
Evaporated water is chemically pure.
Evaporated water is condensed and fed to a biological system along with the sanitary wastewater.
Evaporation ponds are the catch-all for almost all toxic wastes.
Evaporation absorbs heat and condensation releases heat.
Evaporation also concentrates pesticides and other pollutants .
Evaporation also has a cooling effect on body temperature.
Evaporation also helps in cloud formation.
Evaporation also occurs in which water vapors are released into the air.
Evaporation also occurs when water vapor moves from the surface of the ground.
Evaporation also plays a part in the process of lowering the lake in late summer.
Evaporation also serves as a means of concentrating nonvolatile substances.
Evaporation becomes vapor.
Evaporation becomes water vapor.
Evaporation Begin by asking questions about evaporation.
Evaporation can be a major source of heat loss from hot tubs.
Evaporation can be more of a problem in a small tank.
Evaporation can concentrate reagents, which is especially critical for a titrant.
Evaporation can increase as the oil spreads, due to the increased surface area of the slick.
Evaporation can make hundreds, even thousands of gallons of water disappear.
Evaporation can make hundreds, even thousands, of gallons of water disappear.
Evaporation can occur on raindrops, and on free water surfaces such as seas and lakes.
Evaporation can occur until the air becomes saturated with water vapor.
Evaporation can only occur when water is available.
Evaporation causes cooling.
Evaporation causes expansion and the seal faces separate.
Evaporation Causes some of the oil to transfer to the atmosphere.
Evaporation causes the wet-bulb temperature to be cooler.
Evaporation causes things to get cooler.
Evaporation changes liquid water to water vapor.
Evaporation changes water molecules from the liquid state into a gas or vapor.
Evaporation commonly occurs in everyday life.
Evaporation continues the cycle.
Evaporation cools oceans and increases their salt concentration.
Evaporation cools the drop below freezing, and then ice formation can take place.
Evaporation cools the droplet, just as evaporating perspiration cools a person.
Evaporation cools the environment.
Evaporation cools the remaining sweat and, through conduction, the skin.
Evaporation cools the skin and thereby reduces body temperature.
Evaporation cools the substance.
Evaporation cools the surface of a water body.
Evaporation cools the water.
Evaporation decreases moisture.
Evaporation dehydrates food for profits and keeps people with a renewable supply of water.
Evaporation depends on availability.
Evaporation describes the change from water as a liquid to water as a vapor.
Evaporation describes the movement of molecules from liquid to gaseous form.
Evaporation drastically increases conductivity values.
Evaporation draws the solution level down so far that the probes are exposed.
Evaporation effects how people live every day.
Evaporation exceeds inland precipitation due to cooling from the lake.
Evaporation exceeds precipitation in all cases.
Evaporation exceeds precipitation throughout North Dakota.
Evaporation exceeds precipitation, but the soil profile is moist at some time during the year.
Evaporation gets blamed for a lot of things, people forget to put the top on.
Evaporation happens from bodies of water and transpiration happens from plants.
Evaporation happens when a liquid substance becomes a gas .
Evaporation happens when atoms or molecules escape from the liquid and turn into a vapor.
Evaporation has cool effects.
Evaporation has effects.
Evaporation has heat.
Evaporation has powerful cool effects.
Evaporation has powerful effects.
Evaporation has properties.
Evaporation includes transpiration.
Evaporation increases air.
Evaporation increases as insulation efficiency deteriorates with age and rough handling.
Evaporation involves the vaporization of a liquid only on the surface.
Evaporation involves vaporization.
Evaporation is a change of state from liquid to gas.
Evaporation is a cooling process, so overall the temperature remains constant.
Evaporation is a cooling process.
Evaporation is a liquid that occurs from the surface of a liquid into a gaseous phase.
Evaporation is a major part of the water cycle.
Evaporation is a phase change, from liquid to vapor, which requires an input of energy.
Evaporation is a phase in the hydrological cycle, or the water cycle.
Evaporation is a process that tends to keep temperatures cooler where it occurs.
Evaporation is a purifying process that prevents pollutants from rising into the air.
Evaporation is a stage in the water cycle, where water evaporates and becomes steam or water vapor.
Evaporation is a step in the water cycle therefore solar energy contributes to that branch .
Evaporation is a surface phenonmenon.
Evaporation is a very essential part of the water cycle .
Evaporation is a very essential part of the water cycle.
Evaporation is a very important part of the water cycle .
Evaporation is also a factor that shortens the life of the bubble.
Evaporation is also an important factor contributing to aridity.
Evaporation is also generally the most difficult water-loss process to control.
Evaporation is an endothermic process that results in a temperature decrease.
Evaporation is an endothermic process, in that heat is absorbed during evaporation.
Evaporation is an endothermic process.
Evaporation is an essential part of the water cycle .
Evaporation is an essential part of the water cycle.
Evaporation is an important means of transferring energy between the surface and the air above.
Evaporation is an important part of the water cycle.
Evaporation is an important process in the global water cycle.
Evaporation is another event that occurs after a spill.
Evaporation is by sublimation.
Evaporation is checked, and moisture accumulates more rapidly.
Evaporation is considered an illegal form of treatment for hazardous wastes.
Evaporation is defined as the process by which water changes from a liquid to a gas.
Evaporation is economic and reduces wastewater disposal costs.
Evaporation is effected by the pressure reduction from stage to stage.
Evaporation is enhanced by the dry and sunny days.
Evaporation is estimated to be about forty inched per year.
Evaporation is greatest when the differences between air and water temperature are greatest.
Evaporation is high between winters, making severe droughts common.
Evaporation is high, and severe droughts are common.
Evaporation is high, precipitation is poor and freshwater supply is decreasing.
Evaporation is immediate so there is no oily residue.
Evaporation is immediate, so there is no oily residue.
Evaporation is important because it cools the body.
Evaporation is important to many forms of plant and animal life.
Evaporation is liquid becoming a gas that happens only on the surface of a liquid.
Evaporation is low, and temperatures are stable.
Evaporation is lowest in the Tasmanian highlands.
Evaporation is minimal at low temperatures if the specimen can be kept cold on the microscope stage.
Evaporation is minimal because the water is held within the spongy sphagnum moss covering the bog.
Evaporation is more rapid from light, sandy soils than from heavy soils.
Evaporation is more rapid in hot, dry and windy conditions.
Evaporation is movement of free water to the atmosphere as a gas.
Evaporation is much less likely at night.
Evaporation is much slower after chlordane penetrates into the soil.
Evaporation is natures own body cooling method.
Evaporation is nature's way of cooling.
Evaporation is one of two forms of vaporization, the other being boiling.
Evaporation is physical change
Evaporation is reduced from exposed soil, allowing more moisture for crop uptake.
Evaporation is simply the process by which liquid turns into gas.
Evaporation is slow vaporization of a liquid and the reverse of condensation .
Evaporation is slower if humidity is high and the weather is cool and the winds calm.
Evaporation is surface water lost to the atmosphere.
Evaporation is the change of liquid water to a vapor.
Evaporation is the change of liquid-water to water vapor.
Evaporation is the change of state from a liquid to a gas.
Evaporation is the change of state from liquid to vapor.
Evaporation is the change of water from a liquid to a gas.
Evaporation is the changing of liquid water to invisible water vapor.
Evaporation is the direct loss of water from the soil surface.
Evaporation is the most common and usually the most easily explained form of heat loss.
Evaporation is the obvious answer, but encourage creativity.
Evaporation is the only practical way to get to zero discharge, but the cost is high.
Evaporation is the only reasonable explanation.
Evaporation is the opposite of condensation , the process of water vapor turning into liquid water.
Evaporation is the opposite of condensation .
Evaporation is the phase change from liquid to the gas state.
Evaporation is the physical transformation of liquid water to water vapor.
Evaporation is the process by which a liquid absorbs heat and changes to a vapor.
Evaporation is the process by which molecules in a liquid escape into the gas phase.
Evaporation is the process by which water changes from a liquid to a gas or vapor.
Evaporation is the process by which water converts from liquid to vapor form.
Evaporation is the process by which water disappears.
Evaporation is the process in which a liquid turns to a gas by increased molecular energy.
Evaporation is the process of a substance in liquid form transitioning into the gas phase.
Evaporation is the process of changing water from liquid to gas.
Evaporation is the process of returning moisture to the atmosphere.
Evaporation is the process of water rising up due to the energy that is given off by the sun.
Evaporation is the process of water vapors returning to the earth's atmosphere.
Evaporation is the process that changes liquid water into a gas called water vapor.
Evaporation is the process that occurs when the surface of a liquid is converted into a gas.
Evaporation is the reason why damp clothes dry on a washing line.
Evaporation is the transfer of heat energy by vaporization.
Evaporation is the transformation of water from liquid to vapor state.
Evaporation is very ineffective on humid days.
Evaporation is very slow.
Evaporation is vital in nature and is always the same as temperature and vapour pressure in nature .
Evaporation is vital in nature and is always the same as temperature and vapour pressure in nature.
Evaporation is water that is evaporating or becoming a gas.
Evaporation is what happens when a liquid changes to a gas.
Evaporation is when a liquid changes state to the gaseous state.
Evaporation is when a liquid turns into a gas.
Evaporation is when the sun heats the water and changes some of it to gas.
Evaporation is when the sun heats up water in rivers, lakes and the ocean and turns it into vapor.
Evaporation is when the sun heats up water in rivers, lakes or the ocean.
Evaporation is when the water from the ground and oceans is cycled into the sky and forms clouds.
Evaporation is when water gets heated up and turns to steam that rises into the air.
Evaporation is when water goes into the air by changing to a gas.
Evaporation is when water heats up and becomes vapour in the air.
Evaporation is when water turns into air.
Evaporation is where the liquid portion of the product changes from being a liquid to being a gas.
Evaporation isa process.
Evaporation leads to concentration and surface tension gradients that drive flow up the plate.
Evaporation leaves behind dissolved salts on the soil surface.
Evaporation leaves behind the methamphetamine.
Evaporation leaves crystals.
Evaporation lowers humidity levels.
Evaporation lowers levels.
Evaporation lowers water levels.
Evaporation Make water disappear.
Evaporation moves precipitation right back into the atmosphere.
Evaporation moves water from land, and from lakes, rivers, oceans, into the atmosphere.
Evaporation moves water from the oceans to the atmosphere.
Evaporation occurring through plant leaves and vegetation is known as transpiration.
Evaporation occurs anywhere there is water such as lakes, streams and ponds.
Evaporation occurs at different temperature.
Evaporation occurs at surfaces.
Evaporation occurs at temperature.
Evaporation occurs during time.
Evaporation occurs from geographic sinks .
Evaporation occurs from geographic sinks.
Evaporation occurs from respiratory surfaces.
Evaporation occurs from the surface of plants, from soils, and from oceans, lakes, and streams.
Evaporation occurs in everyday life.
Evaporation occurs in high vacuum and liquid state is omitted .
Evaporation occurs in life.
Evaporation occurs more rapidly when temperature is increased.
Evaporation occurs quickly when any moisture is in the soil with the heat of each day.
Evaporation occurs through the skin.
Evaporation occurs when a liquid dries.
Evaporation occurs when an organism loses water.
Evaporation occurs when liquid water is heated and becomes water vapor, like boiling a pot of water.
Evaporation occurs when molecules break free of hydrogen bonds and enter the gaseous state.
Evaporation occurs when the probe is removed from the liquid's container.
Evaporation occurs when water changes, for every gram there is a tremendous amount of cooling.
Evaporation occurs when water from such surfaces as oceans, rivers, and ice is converted to vapor.
Evaporation occurs when water turns into a vapor, which rises into the air.
Evaporation plays an important part in the earth's water cycle.
Evaporation ponds burden growers and the environment alike.
Evaporation produces vapours.
Evaporation provides a seamless process, eliminating any interfaces among the three layers.
Evaporation provides a way to separate mixtures.
Evaporation remains nearly constant from year to year.
Evaporation removes heat energy from the source of the water.
Evaporation removes heat from the system.
Evaporation removes heat.
Evaporation removes heat.
Evaporation requires energy.
Evaporation results in the liquid becoming cooler.
Evaporation returns water to the atmosphere to complete the never-ending cycle.
Evaporation serves as a vital cooling process.
Evaporation takes a lot of heat energy, keeps it real cool.
Evaporation takes place as the heated air passes through the moisture laden evaporator pad.
Evaporation takes place as the heated air passes through the moisture laden evaporator sleeve.
Evaporation takes place at the surface of the liquid.
Evaporation takes place because of the sun's heat.
Evaporation takes place faster when air is in motion.
Evaporation takes place from all open water bodies.
Evaporation takes place only at the boundary.
Evaporation takes place, and consequently, the air leaving the media is cooler.
Evaporation takes places.
Evaporation takes up lots of water.
Evaporation turns liquid water into a gas called water vapor.
Evaporation uses energy.
Evaporation uses heat that is taken from the metal spiral leaving it cold.
Evaporation uses heat.
Evaporation works best when the air is dry.
Evaporation usually accounts for the bulk of the water loss during fallow.
Evaporation usually exceeds precipitation, and the total supply of moisture is low.
More evaporation globally means more rainfall globally.
Most evaporation becomes vapor.
Most evaporation becomes water vapor.
Most evaporation decreases moisture.
Most evaporation depends on availability.
Most evaporation has cool effects.
Most evaporation has effects.
Most evaporation has heat.
Most evaporation has powerful cool effects.
Most evaporation has powerful effects.
Most evaporation has properties.
Most evaporation includes transpiration.
Most evaporation increases air.
Most evaporation involves vaporization.
Most evaporation lowers humidity levels.
Most evaporation lowers water levels.
Most evaporation occurs at different temperature.
Most evaporation occurs at surfaces.
Most evaporation occurs at temperature.
Most evaporation occurs during time.
Most evaporation occurs in everyday life.
Most evaporation occurs in life.
Most evaporation removes heat.
Most evaporation requires energy.
Most evaporation takes places.
Most evaporation uses energy.
Most evaporation uses heat.
Some evaporation absorbs heat.
Some evaporation affects humans.
Some evaporation affects patterns.
Some evaporation affects weather patterns.
Some evaporation causes surface water.
Some evaporation causes water.
Some evaporation creates pressure zones.
Some evaporation creates zones.
Some evaporation depends on humidity.
Some evaporation equals precipitation.
Some evaporation exceeds condensation.
Some evaporation exceeds rainfall.
Some evaporation takes place every day.
Evaporative concentration can increase arsenic concentrations.
An evaporative cooler is a cooling
Evaporative coolers are a good alternative with a tremendous savings.
Evaporative coolers are cheaper to install and maintain.
Evaporative coolers are practical in hot, arid regions such as the southwest.
Evaporative coolers are still the best bet and most inexpensive way to cool a house in the summer.
Evaporative coolers can replace an air conditioning system in hot, dry climates.
Evaporative coolers cool and humidify by blowing air across wet pads.
Evaporative coolers cool the air rather than just move it around and work great in our climate.
Evaporative coolers cost quite a bit less than air conditioning.
Evaporative coolers have many advantages over refrigerated air conditioning systems.
Evaporative coolers operate most effectively in hot, dry areas.
Evaporative coolers produce humid air because the air absorbs water during the cooling process.
Evaporative coolers require a seasonal maintenance checkup.
Evaporative coolers require low humidity levels because they cool the air by humidifying it.
Evaporative Coolers Save money on installation and operation with an evaporative cooler.
Evaporative design ensures that only pure water vapor enters the air.
Evaporative emissions are a major source of the hydrocarbon compounds that form ground-level ozone.
Evaporative emissions are an ingredient in the formation of ground-level ozone pollution.
Evaporative emissions are lower in alcohol-fueled vehicles than gasoline vehicles.
Evaporative emissions are virtually non-existent in NGVs.
Evaporative emissions come from the fuels, oils, rubber, and plastic parts used on our automobiles.
Evaporative emissions play an important role in ozone formation.
Evaporative losses can be quite severe.
Evaporative losses imply a loss of heat by moisture vaporizing from the surface of the skin.
Evaporative units are much cheaper to run than refrigerative.
An evaporite is a sediment
Evaporites are essentially pure salt.
Evaporites are examples of biochemical sedimentary rocks.
Evaporites are important because a.
Evaporites are present.
Evaporites are sediments.
Evaporites are the rocks formed by chemical precipitation during evaporation of sea water.
Evaporites are water-soluble salts that precipitate from solution in arid conditions.
Evaporites form by precipitation from sea water or brackish fresh water.
Evaporites form through evaporation of water.
Evaporites tend to dissolve completely.
An evasion is misrepresentation
Evasion implies guilt.
Evasion involves moving away from an attack.
Evasion involves some affirmative act to evade or defeat a tax, or payment of tax.
Evasion is a calm but definate desire to avoid what is asked.
Evasion is fraudulent intention to avoid the payment of tax.
Evasion is impossible.
Evasion is our lot.
Evasion is the challenge, especially in online play.
Evasions are commerce.
Evasions are escapes.
Evasions are misrepresentation.
Evasions are negligence.
An evasive answer is an answer
Evasive answers are a sign of a sham.
Evasive answers can lead to negative stories.
Evasive conduct can be sufficient to conduct a stop.
Evasive maneuvers are at a minimum.
Evasive maneuvers begin.
Evasive maneuvers pose serious safety threats to nearby motorists.
Evasive terms invite dishonest answers.
An eve is a day
EVE begins with the screen divided into two areas by a highlighted status bar.
EvE follows a purely event based approach.
Eve isa day.
EVE turns on in a big area where the ship's garbage is sent into space.
Eves are days.
Eves are people.
Eves are time periods.
Eves have (part) daylight.
Eves have (part) daytimes.
Eves have (part) hours.
Eves have (part) middays.
Eves have (part) midnights.
Eves have (part) mins.
Eves have (part) minutes.
Eves have (part) mornings.
Eves have (part) nights.
Eves have (part) nighttime.
Eves have (part) noons.
Eves sees it differently.
Evens are on top, while odds are on the bottom.
Evens cause evens.
Some evens argue that such contests are demeaning.
Some evens require experimentation for finding a solution.
Evening attire can vary from each ship.
Evening attire is recommended.
Evening attire is requested.
An evening bag is a purse
Evening bags are only for very formal affairs.
Evening Bats are most abundant in the eastern half of the state.
Evening bats enjoy roosting in buildings and tree cavities in the summer.
Evening Class brings together a diverse group of people with interesting results.
Evening classes accommodate dad's hectic schedule.
Evening classes accommodate work schedules.
Evening classes accommodate working professionals.
Evening classes are a great way to learn how to dance in a laidback, informal setting.
Evening classes are also available as demand warrants - please call.
Evening classes are also available.
Evening classes are always a challenge.
Evening classes are an example.
Evening classes are an hour long.
Evening classes are availabe at most areas.
Evening classes are available as well.
Evening classes are available at colleges of further education.
Evening Classes are available for each session.
Evening classes are available for employees at most locations.
Evening classes are available for students who work days.
Evening classes are available to meet the needs of working students.
Evening classes are available.
Evening Classes are available.
Evening classes are four hours a week.
Evening classes are good but the time commitment and scheduling are difficult.
Evening classes are in session.
Evening classes are open to all staff and adult community members.
Evening classes are open to part-time students at a reduced tuition rate.
Evening classes are popular with graduates and undergraduates alike.
Evening classes are typically two class sessions per week for four weeks.
Evening Classes begin . . . . . . . . . . .
Evening classes begin.
Evening Classes Begin.
Evening classes have their final exams the last meeting of the class preceding finals week.
Evening classes hold final exams during scheduled class time.
Evening classes make programs available to accomodate students who are unable to attend day classes.
Evening classes meet once a week for six weeks.
Evening classes meet once a week.
Evening classes meet once or twice a week.
Evening classes meet one evening pre week for eighteen weeks.
Evening classes meet one night a week for four hours.
Evening classes meet one or two nights per week.
Evening classes meet twice weekly.
Evening classes meet.
Evening classes offer languages, film, financial management and history.
Evening classes provide a wide range of courses leading to an associate degree.
Evening classes require instructor or sponser's written consent for overnight.
Evening classes require lots and decks are available.
Evening classes require two aerobic coupons.
Evening classes resume.
Evening classes run two or four evenings.
Evening classes run two or three evenings.
Many evening classes are also available.
Most evening classes meet for three hours once per week.
Most evening classes meet one night a week.
Some evening classes are available .
Some evening classes are available to accommodate working students.
Some evening classes are available.
Some evening classes are possible.
Some evening classes follow a different academic schedule.
An evening dress is a dress
Evening dress falls into three separate categories-casual, informal and formal.
Evening dress is the same for a large dinner party, a ball or an opera.
Evening dress is usually comfortable and casual.
Evening dresses are dresses.
Evening film shows during peak periods.
An evening gown is a gown
Evening gowns are almost as rare.
Evening gowns are as common as tuxes.
Evening gowns are dresses.
Evening gowns worn with high-heeled boots is a big trend for fall.
Evening hours are also a time when children watch television.
Evening hours are also available and vary by semester.
Evening hours are also available by appointment.
Evening hours are also available.
Evening hours are available at all office locations.
Evening hours are available at some locations.
Evening hours are available by appointment only.
Evening hours are available by appointment.
Evening hours are available by appointments.
Evening hours are available by special arrangement.
Evening hours are available by special request.
Evening hours are available during registration.
Evening hours are available on a limited basis and by appointment.
Evening hours are available to accommodate working students.
Evening hours are available upon request.
Evening hours are available.
Evening hours are by appointment.
Evening hours are contingent on enrollment and staffing.
Evening hours are convenient for children and their working parents.
Evening hours are devoted to special events and, occasionally, open lab hours.
Evening hours are preferred but scheduling is flexible.
Evening hours are preferred.
Evening hours are sometimes available.
Evening hours assist parents with evening classes.
Evening hours can be a bit of a drag, but it frees time during the day.
Evening hours can be especially busy during mid-terms and the last couple weeks of a semester.
Evening hours change each semester.
Evening hours result in rough times with a rotary-action appliance.
Evening hours vary according to programs and services and by appointment.
Evening hours vary during the season.
Evening hours vary during the semester.
Evening hours vary each semester and are posted in the lab.
Evening hours vary, depending on seasonal classes.
Evening hours vary.
Some evening hours are available for family therapy and individual therapy appointments.
Some evening hours are available.
Evening light suppresses melatonin production in humans.
Evening Meal Call it a day.
Evening meal included, there is a restaurant in the hotel.
Evening meal includes local delicacies followed ice cream on the riverfront.
Evening meal is available.
Evening meal is leftovers from lunch.
Evening meal is optional.
Evening meals are a great place for families to exchange the news of the day.
Evening meals are a speciality as well.
Evening meals are also available by arrangement.
Evening meals are also on offer as well as fresh country eggs and locally grown organic vegetables.
Evening meals are always different.
Evening meals are at the discretion of the teams.
Evening meals are at the participant's own expense.
Evening meals are available and there is a licensed bar.
Evening meals are available at an additional charge.
Evening meals are available at the local pub at own expense.
Evening meals are available by arrangement.
Evening meals are available by prior arrangement.
Evening meals are available by request.
Evening meals are available by special arrangement.
Evening meals are available close by.
Evening meals are available during high season.
Evening meals are available for groups of four or more.
Evening meals are available if required and the premises has a licensed bar.
Evening meals are available if required.
Evening meals are available in the local village pubs.
Evening meals are available on prior request.
Evening meals are available on request in the hotel.
Evening meals are available on request.
Evening meals are available to order.
Evening Meals are available up to one hour before the start of an event.
Evening meals are available within walking distance.
Evening meals are available, if required.
Evening meals are available.
Evening meals are by arrangement.
Evening meals are more expensive.
Evening meals are only available by prior arrangement.
Evening meals are optional and available as required, please advise in advance each day.
Evening meals begin with a variety of wonderful soups.
Evening meals can be prepared in the apartments or participants can dine out.
Evening meals comprise either hunters stew or barbecues, supplemented with salads and vegetables.
Evening meals comprise either hunter's stew or barbecues, supplemented with salads and vegetables.
Evening meals comprise either hunters' stew or barbecues, supplemented with salads and vegetables.
Evening meals consist of nutritious, hearty, and easy to prepare foods.
Evening meals featuring fresh local produce form the land and sea are by arrangement.
Evening meals offer soup, a light savory course and fresh fruit.
All evening meals are normally buffet-style or Table d'hote.
Evening newspapers are better.
An evening primrose is a herb
Evening primroses are fragrant at night.
Evening primroses are herbs.
Evening primroses are probably, next to the bluebonnets, the best known flowers of Texas.
All evening primroses have four petals and they open in early evening.
Evening school waives tuition only, and the student is responsible for the payment of fees.
Evening schools are free, well attended, conducted by two paid masters and two paid mistresses.
Evening service is available on most routes.
Evening service is mostly students with lively, participative worship led by a band.
Evening services are also available at all off-campus centers and sites.
Evening services are available during the first two weeks of the semester at both campuses.
Evening services are available upon request.
Evening services are available, provided sufficient demand exists.
Evening services are free and open to the public.
Evening services attract commuters and other students who take evening classes.
Evening services take place regularly as announced in the parish magazine.
All evening service is canceled.
Evening session focuses on six person team skills.
Evening sessions are available by appointment.
Evening sessions are available.
Evening Sessions are available.
Evening sessions are by appointment.
Evening sessions are free.
Evening sessions are love offering events.
Evening sessions are on a trimester basis.
Evening sessions are optional.
Evening sessions create additional occasions for integrating workshop concepts.
Evening sessions focus on group activities and special entertainment.
Evening sessions focus on six person team skills.
Some evening sessions are available.
Evening specials warrant discussion and be sure to save room for dessert.
Evening time get the night train to Istanbul.
Evening time is a wonderful time for wildlife viewing.
Evening time is quiet.
Evening times are also available.
Evening times are available, but there is no weekend testing.
Some evening times are available upon request.
Evening wear follows a similar progression, greatly relieving worries when planning and packing.
Evening wear has stronger colors than the day clothes.
Evening wear is again the domain of high heel shoes, especially pumps.
Evening wear is casual and varied.
Evening wear is final sale.
Evening wear is required for the upmarket hotels.
Evening wear is slightly more dressy.
Evening wear is slightly more formal in the city hotels.
Evening wear is subtle and luxurious.
Evening wear is when to bring in something lacy and romantic.
Evening wear is worn when requested.
Most evening wear is cocktail suits.
An evening is a day
Evening Attend an art event.
Evening attend an Indian classical dance show.
Evening becomes more daring.
Evening brings a selection of nightlife choices including pool, cigars, dancing or just relaxing.
Evening brings brilliant sunsets.
Evening brings desert winds, smoke and dust, and dry lightning storms.
Evening brings line dancing after dinner.
Evening brings on fever.
Evening brings our guests together as the bonfire begins to glow.
Evening brings still more pleasures.
Evening brings the late birds home.
Evening brings the music of crickets and frogs and intensifies the scent of meadow flowers.
Evening brings too much talk with too little real substance.
Evening can also be a magic time.
Evening can be a good time to gather.
Evening can bring lovers closer if the truth is pursued.
Evening Check out the vibrant night life.
Evening Click any picture to see a larger version.
Evening Come , for soprano, piano and viola.
Evening comes and the palaeolithic hunters are back.
Evening comes and the party starts, have a light dinner and enjoy the evening ambiance first.
Evening comes Here's the view as evening approaches.
Evening comes on.
Evening comes, rose clouds on towers, walls rooted in darkening rock.
Evening descends on a sky smeared with blood.
Evening dining on the patio is perfect for any occasion.
Evening draws close.
Evening draws on.
Evening drive back to Delhi.
Evening eat at one of the cities fine restaurants.
Evening ends with a midnight ball drop and laser light show.
Evening ends working on web site.
Evening enjoy a wonderful panorama of the Mekong at sunset.
Evening Enjoy an amazing variety of local gastronomical delights.
Evening Enjoy the freshest of seafood.
Evening ensures Trousers toward the sister in lots thumb.
Evening expires in a yawn of stars.
Evening explore the maze of tiny streets and colorful bazaars that make up the town.
Evening falls an the skies are painted orange by the setting sun.
Evening falls on Cologne, Germany.
Evening falls with the junk junk junk sound of nightjars, then all is quiet.
Evening features traditional music and outdoor feast.
Evening fills the room.
Evening gives way to an afternoon sunset.
Evening has a calm agenda, with no political quirks.
Evening Have dinner at a theme restaurant.
Evening heralds an exciting battle as the British and the pirates have a go at one another.
Evening includes a letter-writing session.
Evening includes a surprise national recording artist.
Evening includes dinner, campfire, and exploring the area.
Evening includes hors d'oeuvres and dancing.
Evening includes pizza dinner, dessert, craft project, movie, and games.
Evening includes readings and dance performances.
Evening is a good time for lectures, slide shows and videos, especially on bad weather days.
Evening is a good time to try to catch fish for dinner.
Evening is a lovely time to approach the dunes, because shadows form that give more dimension.
Evening is a magnificent, richly-textured work of art about youth and age, passion and compromise.
Evening is a time for all-camp activities and community campfire.
Evening is also a good time to garden.
Evening is also a really good bet.
Evening is at leisure at the hotel with a lecture and slide show conducted on the park.
Evening is at leisure back in Tokyo.
Evening is at leisure.
Evening is best for capturing the cheerful lights in tavern windows.
Evening is best.
Evening is for personal activities.
Evening is free at our leisure.
Evening is free for a stroll in the scenic city.
Evening is free for sightseeing or shopping.
Evening is free to choose from many excellent restaurants in town.
Evening is free to explore local restaurants.
Evening is free.
Evening is from midday until sunset.
Evening is good for meeting friends and making social calls.
Evening is good for socializing.
Evening is here.
Evening is ideal for exciting romance, courtship, and higher harmony in marriage.
Evening is in town for dinner and shopping.
Evening is no time to rest, though.
Evening is open.
Evening is perfect for romance, celebrating, and sharing excellent ideas over food and candlelight.
Evening is quiet.
Evening is spent aloft.
Evening is spent around a bonfire and folk dance entertainment.
Evening is spent at Mandara amidst the chatter of the rainforest.
Evening is the best time of day for a steak.
Evening is the best time to catch croakers right now.
Evening is the best time to fish.
Evening is the best time to go, when the stainless steel arch is ethereal by moonlight.
Evening is the best time to see many of the animals at the refuge.
Evening is the best time to soak in water.
Evening is the best time.
Evening is the meat meal.
Evening is the most painful time and morning the most comfortable for many infants with colic.
Evening is the only exception, because charm is obligatory.
Evening is the second half of the day.
Evening is the time between.
Evening is the time when all of creation returns home.
Evening is the traditional time for the ceremony to occur.
Evening is the worst time to water because the lawn stays wet all night, encouraging lawn diseases.
Evening is time for rest and relaxation.
Evening is usually better for uninterrupted instructional time.
Evening is when time is ample to savor the culinary delights of Asia at a leisurely pace.
Evening is worse than morning .
Evening isa daylight.
Evening isa daytime.
Evening overtakes the party and the guests depart.
Evening Pick a quiet spot on a trail north of the campground and wait for the deer to come out.
Evening pick up at hotel in Hanoi and transfer to Hanoi train station.
Evening play time out of cage with supervised trips to couch or computer room.
Evening precedes morning.
Evening primrose is a biennial.
Evening primrose is a medicinal plant.
Evening primrose is commonly available in capsules and as an oil.
Evening primrose is legendary for stopping migraines, and for beautiful skin, hair and nails.
Evening promises a secure cove, a gourmet meal and sunset over the pacific.
Evening relax at the beach hotel.
Evening relax at the hotel.
Evening relaxes into candlelit dining under the spotlit splendour of the palm trees.
Evening rides during the longer summer months.
Evening see the famous Chinese Acrobat show.
Evening see the local handicraft and transfer to Railway station to catch the train for Delhi.
Evening seems to cool down in temperature so a warm sweater or coat is recommended.
Evening showcases all that is new in modern Irish music and dance.
Evening shows only.
Evening Spend the evening at the world's first and only night zoo.
Evening strolls in exciting Shanghai always prove memorable.
Evening tends to be best for the local museum, library, historical society, etc.
Evening turn down service.
Evening turn down with chocolate treat.
Evening turns to dead of night.
Evening visit the traditional puppet-string theatre.
Evening walk around quite villages area.
Evening walk for herons, egrets and shorebirds.
Evening walk in and around the village.
Evening walk through the grounds.
Evening walk to search for fascinating creatures.
Evening walks along the malec n offer a perfect view of spectacular Mexican sunsets.
Evening watering leaves turf plants damp most of the night and allows diseases to attack.
Evening wears a thin skin, easily bruised.
Evening wears tricots, while diagonal plaits create dresses slipping down the body.
Evening Wind down with some stunning stargazing from the park amphitheater.
Evenings allow time for further talks, discussion, or music.
Evenings also bring festive theme nights with specialty buffets.
Evenings are a bit slower.
Evenings are a close second.
Evenings are a comfortable time for our guests, too.
Evenings are a good time to call.
Evenings are a little better.
Evenings are a little cooler.
Evenings are a little dressier, but shorts and T-shirts are always acceptable.
Evenings are a rain or stars events.
Evenings are a special time aboard.
Evenings are a special time.
Evenings are a time for quiet reflection on the day's mapping.
Evenings are a time for some relaxed stargazing.
Evenings are about catching up on hammock time in our soothing tropical havens.
Evenings are also a special time.
Evenings are also hot, but a little cooler.
Evenings are always a busy time.
Evenings are always fun at our house.
Evenings are always pleasantly cool .
Evenings are always the busiest on the Internet.
Evenings are an especially good time to cast crankbaits or use live bait for bass.
Evenings are another great time, right before bed.
Evenings are bad, and weekends are worse.
Evenings are balmy and days last for years.
Evenings are best for seeing moose or bears.
Evenings are best for surface action.
Evenings are best for up to hour past the turn of the peak.
Evenings are best.
Evenings are 'campfire city' in many campgrounds.
Evenings are casual with dinner, worship, and classes for all ages.
Evenings are casual with impromptu fireside stories, western music, or cowboy poetry.
Evenings are cool and a jacket or sweater is advised.
Evenings are cool and all rooms are equipped with ceiling fans.
Evenings are cool and days can be quite warm.
Evenings are cool and mornings brisk, promoting such activities as hiking and birdwatching.
Evenings are cool enough for a light jacket.
Evenings are cool the year-round.
Evenings are cool, requiring a light jacket or sweater.
Evenings are cool, requiring a light sweater or jacket.
Evenings are cool, so bring warm clothes, and rain gear just in case.
Evenings are cool.
Evenings are cooler and often call for a sweater or jacket.
Evenings are cooler.
Evenings are days.
Evenings are devoted to family activities and free time.
Evenings are especially busy.
Evenings are eventful with ritual and folk art performances that go on until dawn.
Evenings are for campfire chats at a village or warm indoor cosseting at the lodges and inns.
Evenings are for food, conversation, good company, music, reading, films.
Evenings are for gala films, film fest cocktails or dinners.
Evenings are for social activities.
Evenings are for socializing, sharing experiences with others and unwinding.
Evenings are for star gazing, lounging around the campfire, singing and story telling.
Evenings are free for free-lancing or for enjoying the famous Shakespeare Festival.
Evenings are free for personal explorations.
Evenings are free for study, practice, relaxing, or recreation.
Evenings are free to sample other specialties of the region.
Evenings are free.
Evenings are frequently cool, but it can be very hot.
Evenings are fun times to use the slow cooker to make a stock.
Evenings are generally best, but at times the room gets empty.
Evenings are generally cool, even in the summer, requiring sweaters or jackets.
Evenings are generally cool, so a sweater or light jacket is needed.
Evenings are generally cool.
Evenings are generally cooler and very pleasant.
Evenings are generally free, with spotlighting offered in some areas.
Evenings are magazines.
Evenings are merry with guitar playing and songs.
Evenings are more formal and appropriate attire is requested.
Evenings are no different.
Evenings are normally cool to chilly.
Evenings are normally free for case preparation, reading, and interaction with other participants.
Evenings are often chilly.
Evenings are often cool, however.
Evenings are often cooler, necessitating the use of jackets and sweaters.
Evenings are open for informal reading sessions.
Evenings are open to lead workshops.
Evenings are part of nights.
Evenings are peaceful - for reading or conversation.
Evenings are perfect with our cool bar with nightly music, films and events.
Evenings are pleasantly cool, even in summer, so be sure to bring a sweater or jacket.
Evenings are pleasantly cool, so be sure to bring a sweater or jacket.
Evenings are pleasantly cool.
Evenings are pure magic.
Evenings are quiet, too.
Evenings are recovery time.
Evenings are rehearsals for student or faculty directed productions.
Evenings are sacred.
Evenings are slightly cooler.
Evenings are smart resort wear, with jackets for men and dresses or pantsuits for ladies.
Evenings are special at the lodge.
Evenings are spent together, sometimes side by side at potter's wheels.
Evenings are the best time to call.
Evenings are the best times to try to feed.
Evenings are the busiest times.
Evenings are therefore the best time to telephone.
Evenings are time for a leisurely walk, a concert downtown, or a dinner shared with friends.
Evenings are time of day.
Evenings are time periods.
Evenings are usually available for library study or the enjoyment of the city's cultural events.
Evenings are usually cold.
Evenings are usually cool and comfortable.
Evenings are usually cool and pleasant.
Evenings are usually cooler.
Evenings are usually free for negotiation preparation and interaction with other participants.
Evenings are very comfortable, though cool in the spring and fall.
Evenings are very important for practice.
Evenings are very pleasant ad cool breezes prevail.
Evenings are vibrant.
Evenings are warm and soft.
Evenings become cooler and days are much shorter.
Evenings become opportunities to deepen knowledge of other business associations' operations.
Evenings become the happy hunting ground for the convenors of meetings.
Evenings become the happy hunting ground for the conveyors of meetings.
Evenings begin as the sun sets.
Evenings begin with a meal, followed by informal talk and small discussion groups.
Evenings bring campfire sing-alongs and marshmallow roasts.
Evenings bring dinner dances, special events, swim parties, and fashion shows.
Evenings bring the glamour of Atlantic City nightlife and spectacular shows.
Evenings bring time for barbecues, playing games with the kids and socializing with friends.
Evenings can be chilly, and veterans bring heavy jackets and lap robes.
Evenings can be chilly.
Evenings can be cool but when the rain stops it gets hot and extremely humid, so pack accordingly.
Evenings can be cool so please bring a sweater or light jacket.
Evenings can be cool, and the city sometimes receives a late spring snow shower.
Evenings can be cool, requiring a light sweater or jacket.
Evenings can be cool.
Evenings can be good, but the center closes about the time owls start calling.
Evenings can be quite a bit cooler - bring a jacket or sweater.
Evenings can be quite cool in winter.
Evenings can be rather wild as well as rather quiet.
Evenings can get chilly, even in summer, and a sweater and jacket usually come in handy.
Evenings can get cold in the castle's great hall.
Evenings can get down to freezing.
Evenings can include special speakers, singers, and group singing.
Evenings can offer spectacularly clear skies, which are perfect for star gazing.
Evenings can, however, be chilly and delegates are therefore recommended to bring a light coat.
Evenings center around events for the entire family.
Evenings come alive with local folk music and dances in the magic of a campfire.
Evenings come to life at many pubs, cantinas, and dance clubs, some with outdoor patios.
Evenings consist of fellowship, games, learning, and worship.
Evenings consists of in-camp student study time in department tents or dorms.
Evenings cool down, with greater temperature drops in the mountains.
Evenings cooler all is still, morning have a fair old chill.
Evenings end with mints or custom chocolates on the pillows of turned-down beds.
Evenings feature Christian teaching and group discussions.
Evenings feature cool breezes off the Aegean Sea.
Evenings feature memorable devotionals around the lake or in campfire settings.
Evenings feature recreational activities, talent shows, bonfires and chamber music recitals.
Evenings feature simple candlelight, chants, readings, and silence.
Evenings feature social events, sports and cultural experiences in the nation's capital.
Evenings feature social interaction, entertainment, and special presentations.
Evenings find lace tablecloths and rose napkins embracing flowers and candles.
Evenings find most dragonflies roosting in the low grass and bushes of meadows that border ponds.
Evenings find most of Kathmandu s population at home getting ready for bed.
Evenings find nite time activities such as theaters, clubs, and fine restaurants.
Evenings get a little cooler, so a medium weight jacket is suggested.
Evenings go from five-star dining to dining under the stars.
Evenings have (part) dusk.
Evenings have (part) mornings.
Evenings have (part) nightfall.
Evenings have (part) sunset.
Evenings have an emphasis on homework assistance.
Evenings have intergenerational events.
Evenings here add that touch of excitement with barbecues.
Evenings hold gorgeous sunsets over the lake.
Evenings hold hesitant pauses rather than easy silence.
Evenings invite quiet moments of introspection in front of blazing log fires.
Evenings listen to loons while enjoying book, woodstove, stereo.
Evenings offer a full range of entertainment.
Evenings offer a relaxing wood fired sauna and hearty fare near the cozy woodstove.
Evenings offer all-camp activities such as campfire sings, dances, sports, and talent shows.
Evenings offer no comfort.
Evenings offer quality accommodations, seaside dining, big-screen movies on the beach, and dancing.
Evenings offer the opportunity to dine in restaurants from fanciful to exquisite.
Evenings offer theatre and concerts.
Evenings only please.
Evenings present fresh fish, pastas, select steaks, cocktails, beer and wines.
Evenings provide an opportunity for reading, research, and writing.
Evenings provide more time for spiritual reading and study, or relaxing.
Evenings provide opportunities to continue work on current projects and to trade ideas.
Evenings provide time for further talks and discussions or music.
Evenings provide time for rest, relaxation, prayer and fellowship around campfires.
Evenings provide youth the opportunity for inspirational times of worship, sharing, and fellowship.
Evenings range from cool to cold.
Evenings require a shawl and the wrong love, the wrong noise of one's wrong thinking.
Evenings seem to be the best lately fishing with crawlers and leeches.
Evenings seem to be the most successful time.
Evenings seem to be very active.
Evenings sparkle with fireworks, feasts, storytelling, and block parties.
Evenings start with a vesper service, followed by campfires, dancing, coffeehouse, and talent show.
Evenings start with complimentary wine and cheese.
Evenings tend to be cool, even in the summer.
Evenings tend to be cool, so be sure to bring pants and a sweater or fleece.
Evenings tend to be cooler.
Evenings tend to be the best time.
Evenings too are busy with slide presentations and nocturnal field work.
Evenings visit one of Brighton's many gay bars, clubs and pubs.
Evenings waiting in the Madrigal line can turn into what some students call a big party.
Evening always includes representative wines and hors d'oeuvres.
Evening often works.
Evening Sometimes do book signings, web chats, or interviews to promote various books.
All evenings are free and open to the public.
All evenings are open for beginner's as well as the advanced practitioner.
All evenings begin with complimentary Chinese nibbles and wine.
Every evening brings a different sunset.
Every evening brings new activities as well.
Every evening is centered around one or more presenters.
Every evening is completed with worship and guitar music.
Every evening is different and every evening is magnificent.
Every evening is different.
Every evening is full of surprises.
Every evening is fun - Snow ski trips are organised if thereis sufficient interest.
Every evening is resembled to spring.
Every evening is spent around a campfire, camping in tents under the stars.
Every evening offers a choice of four different fresh fish in addition to the menu.
Every evening offers something new and spectacular.
Every evening pray the rosary.
Every evening starts with jazz program.
Every evening there are two prix-fixe menus, which made choosing our dinners easy.
Every evening there are voices and footsteps, along with many other disturbances.
Every evening there is a campfire.
Every evening there is a free concert.
Every evening there is a happy hour and in the weekend there is a karaoke evening.
Every evening there is a Polynesian show.
Every evening there is a tremendous amount of trash and debris left behind at our fields.
Every evening there is live music in the lobby.
Many evenings there are bands or dance troops performing and the plaza is pretty well packed.
Many evenings there is a musical group or performing mimes.
Many evenings there is even two.
Most evenings are devoted to Bible study and prayer.
Most evenings are open as well.
Most evenings are refreshingly cool.
Most evenings end with a time of light refreshments.
Most evenings end with one or more of a wide variety of games.
Most evenings have a special event.
Most evenings see spirited games with parents sometimes joining in.
Some evening observing is required.
Some evenings are also available.
Some evenings are devoted to jazz participation and others to dramatic presentations by campers.
Some evenings have youth events and small group meetings.
Some evenings there is a conference or class.
Evenings service is limited to circulation only.
Evenly stuff pockets with spinach mixture.
Evenness is regularity
Evenness refers to the share of area among different classes in a reference unit .
Evenpersonal relationships fall under the sway of financial considerations.
An evensong is a canonical hour
Evensong is broadcast live on a local radio station and over the Internet.
Evensong is finished and out in the world.
Event coordinators are responsible for the set-up, rules and execution of each event.
Event coordinators are responsible for their own publicity.
Event coordinators collate questions for each team.
Event coordinators hope to woo the snow faithful to the area with some nifty deals.
Event coordinators say they're thrilled mother nature cooperated with the day.
Event coordinators selected by our board of directors accomplish larger tasks.
Event correlation is a daunting task.
Event correlation is one means of achieving root-cause analysis, but it's only part of the answer.
Event correlation is the process of correlating alarms to isolate the point of failure.
Event data is no. of tracks, thrust, total visible energy etc.
Event data provides a complete history of the transaction.
All event data is stored for instant on-line access.
All event data is unaffected by the rollover.
Event handlers accept any script, as long as it's valid.
Event handlers are analogous to behaviors or methods defined for objects.
Event handlers are handlers.
Event Handlers are methods or functions that are invoked upon the occurrence of the event.
Event handlers are more permissive.
Event handlers can be instances of any class.
Event handlers can generate further events.
Event handlers correspond to objects, and the processing routines to methods or members functions.
Event handlers make an element respond to an action.
Event handlers provide input processing at a lower level than callbacks or action routines.
Event handlers specify code to be executed when a particular event occurs.
Some event handlers call tkwait, waiting for another event to occur.
Event handling is also different between the browser versions.
Event handling is programming-speak for how computers find out what's going on in the world.
Event handling is the center of control.
Event handling is the way the program handles user or system events such as clicking a mouse.
Event horizon a.k.a. Schwarzschild radius.
Event horizon is a scientific term which stands for the boundary between a black hole and our space.
Some event horizons have shapes.
Some event horizons have size.
Event listeners are objects whose roles are to wait for events to happen.
Event logs are optional.
Event logs are particularly important to system security and problem troubleshooting.
Event logging can run in all processes.
Event logging is turned off by default.
Event management becomes a critical function of such an operating system.
Event management has to deal with changing conditions in so many areas.
Event management makes major demands on staff time.
Event management offers even greater control for the project manager.
Event management takes no responsibility for shuttle service arranged within a week of arrival date.
Event manager can view number of users registered for each meeting.
Event managers can manage event data and produce event reports at any time.
Event managers can optionally assign a rank to the registrant.
Event managers have to start working at least a month ahead in the case of major shows.
Many event managers talk about a 'gut feeling' of a problem about to happen.
Some event managers make arrangements with a transportation company to provide special discounts.
Event marketing is a superb medium for the hearing health care business.
Event marketing requires new images and themes.
Event models are easy to build and adaptable to a variety of situations.
Event models are easy to build and adaptable to a wide variety of situations.
Event models are similar to seasonal index models.
Event models show message-passing sequences between a set of collaborating objects.
Event monitoring sends a page to service technicians when a data value exceeds defined thresholds.
Event notification can be via email, fax or pager.
Event notification happens after normal signal delivery processing.
Event notification is controlled by the event values kept in the cwbinit file.
Event objects contain event parameters.
Event Objects Coordinate multiple threads of execution easily.
Event objects encapsulate change notifications from the model.
Event organisers are astounded at the number of advance registrations.
Event organisers can register their conference free of charge via the web site.
Event organisers can register their conferences online free of charge.
Some event organisers seem to have problems with scoring computer software.
Event organizers anticipate pleasing all tastes.
Event organizers are free to designate general themes for each event.
Event organizers are organizations.
Event organizers are responsible for all coordination, payment and follow-up with any caterers.
Event organizers are responsible for informing and training their student staff.
Event organizers are volunteers, and there are presently no membership fees.
Event organizers believe that the time is ripe for a breakthrough.
Event organizers can now help exhibitors reach a larger regional and global audience.
Event organizers deplore the maneuver on principle, of course, but there's a practical reason, too.
Event organizers have a pile of cheques to go through and pledges are still pouring in.
Event organizers have the right to limit the number of drivers per car.
Event organizers say it is the traffic.
An event planner is an assistant
Event planners are assistants.
Event planners are the target market.
Event planners are valuable resources.
Event planners are, by nature, very detail-oriented individuals.
Event planners arrange the details of a variety of events.
Event Planners Be with guests and enjoy the show by delegating details to an experienced pro.
Event planners envision a party atmosphere, with a DJ and dancing.
Event planners get volume discounts from hotels, location rentals, caterers etc.
Event planners have to watch their expenses like a hawk.
Event planners hope to make the program an annual one.
Event planners promise enough activities to amuse adults and children for hours.
Event planners vary in their approach to billing.
Event planners work with lots of numbers.
Many event planners specialize with family, school and military member reunions.
Some event planners tote their own ladder and tools too.
Event Planning begins with limitless ideas.
Event planning includes a review and approval process.
Event planning is a great way to get to know neighbors and to bring people together for celebration.
Event planning is a very detail-oriented business.
Event planning is also available.
Event planning is available upon request.
Event planning is offered.
Event planning is provided.
Event planning is, also, available.
Event planning requires broad-based participation and support.
Event probabilities occur with Hamiltonian symmetry.
Event processing is described in the next section.
All event processing takes place there.
Event programs can still be fine-tuned based on attendance.
Event queues are well suited for maintaining such order.
Event rate depends on rate of scattering into loss cone.
Event Rate is the proportion of patients in a group in whom an the event is observed.
Event rates are rates.
Event rates concern only the actual act of dropping out in a given year.
Event recorders are also available for alarm input video recording.
Event Recorders are patient activated devices used to record the electrical activity of the heart.
Event scheduling is just as easy.
Event structures represent concurrency rather directly as in net theory.
Event systems provide anonymous group communication for dynamically coupled software components.
Event times are subject to change without notice.
Event times are subject to change.
Event times are tentative.
Event times vary, so check the specific event for the time.
Event times vary.
All event times remain the same.
Event venues are all across the Valley.
All event venues are handicapped.accessible.
Event viewer says the service has terminated unexpectedly.
An event is an entity
Event also features countless children's activities.
Event also features grapevine pruning, barrel building, live music and wine auction.
Event also handles the technical support making troubleshooting and upgrading a lot easier.
Event also includes children's sack races, face painting, and more.
Event also includes Hawaiian foods and wares.
Event also includes live music and food court.
Event appears on calendar events' list for new date.
Event appears to be either random or the targeting of a social group, such as young and female.
Event begin date Date event begins, occurs, or takes effect.
Event begins at pavillions.
Event begins with slide show on why and how birds migrate.
Event benefits youth ministries.
Event calendars for every area code and state.
Event calendars including reunions, movies and nightlife.
Event calendars to include academic, athletic, social and cultural activities.
Event calendars vs. personal calendars .
Event can be over a two-day period with night stages on the first evening of competiton.
Event can go here with a link to a description.
Event consists of a breakfast, luncheon and reception.
Event consists of dinner and entertainment.
Event creates thought which creates feeling.
Event Dates No.
Event dates subject to change.
Event depends on weather.
Event discouncts available only for multiple registrations from same company.
Event doubles as a fundraiser.
Event downloads for end users.
Event driven plugins attach themselves to existing threads of execution.
Event edit the sucker, or quantize the whole passage.
Event ends tomorrow.
Event exposes con artists' tricks .
Event extends  java.lang.
Event extends java.lang.
Event features a carnival, food, beverages, arts and crafts.
Event features a downriver race, slalom race and freeestyle rodeo.
Event features a variety of performance and interactive art activities for children and adults.
Event features ethnic baked goods, music, crafts, a lamb dinner and a Santa booth for kids.
Event features freestyle skiing.
Event features hands-on art activities, storytelling and live performances.
Event features interfaith prayers, rituals, songs, dances and stories of peacemaking efforts.
Event features live music and fireworks.
Event features perennials, annuals, herbs, hanging baskets and hand-made clay pots and planters.
Event features special events, gumbo cookoff, antiques show, arts, crafts, antique autos.
Event features specialty food, music, crafts, dance and entertainment.
Event features the awards presentation, dinner, civic fair and guest speakers.
Event features tours, demonstrations, wagon rides, period music, entertainment, food and family fun.
Event features yard sales, road rally and joggers run, parade, pig roast and strawberry festival.
Event focuses on hollerin' as traditional form of communication.
Event Follow the scientists as they track the migration of sea turtles.
Event follows event.
Event goes rain or shine.
Event goes throughout the entire day and the entire community participates.
Event handling All of the event handling is taken care of in the handleEvent method.
Event happens rain or shine.
Event has a tag of the state and a value of the time at which the state became valid.
Event has some riled.
Event highlights Check our latest schedule of upcoming programs.
Event includes a car show.
Event includes a disco.
Event includes a free mammogram van, information booths and testimonials from survivors.
Event includes a parade, free food and clothing to be given away.
Event includes a planetarium show and refreshments.
Event includes a traditional soul food dinner.
Event includes an encampment,demonstrations, and period sutlers selling their wares.
Event includes apple pie judging, apple cider pressing, live music, apple bobbing, food and more.
Event includes barrels, steer undecorating, poo waiu, team roping, and more.
Event includes carving or decorating pumpkins, arts and crafts and snacks.
Event includes cocktails, show, reception and dancing.
Event includes drum and flute competitions, Native American foods, dancing, lodges and exhibitions.
Event includes drum and flute competitions, Native American foods, dancing, lodges and exhibits.
Event includes exhibit, guest speakers, free screenings, and more.
Event includes family activities, national and local celebrities and bands and much more.
Event includes Hawaiian crafts, foods, and music.
Event includes lectures by faculty, hands-on suturing and metabolic labs and other demonstrations.
Event includes light fare, Latin bands and a flamenco and tango demonstrations.
Event includes many options.
Event includes mime, dance, and dramatized song.
Event includes music competition, arts, food.
Event includes neighborhood exhibits, entertainment and special awards.
Event includes panel discussions, exhibits, and inventors roundtable.
Event includes performers, music, contests and prizes and men's and women's practices.
Event includes pick-up and all cover charges.
Event includes puppet shows, face painting and arts and crafts.
Event includes raffles, contests, games and prizes, refreshments and popcorn.
Event includes silent auction, dinner, dancing and entertainment.
Event includes soldier talks, colonial demonstrations and cannon and musket firings.
Event includes tattoo and pin-up contests, and a custom rod and bike show.
Event includes tour, wine tasting and lunch.
Event involves live or amplified music.
Event is a fundraiser for the Jazz Centennial Celebration 's educational outreach programs.
Event is accessible to individuals with disabilities.
Event is added instantly.
Event is behind schedule, project implementation date is at risk.
Event is by ticket only.
Event is cancelled due to the mouth and foot disease.
Event is closed to the public and the press.
Event is complete when candidate exits the tunnel.
Event is complete.
Event is complimentary, enjoy large telescopes set up on the winery lawns.
Event is complimentary.
Event is cybercast with participants worldwide.
Event is designed to promote the importance of parental involvement in children's lives.
Event is downtown.
Event is drawn, then resolved, then replaced.
Event is followed by a picnic in the park's amphitheater.
Event is for candidates who wish to work in western New York after graduation.
Event is Free .
Event is free and accessible to people with disabilities.
Event is free and open to public.
Event is free and open to the campus community.
Event is free and open to the public.
Event is FREE and open to the public.
Event is free and open to the university community and general public.
Event is free but reservations are requested.
Event is free for everyone.
Event is free of charge.
Event is FREE to alumni members and includes entertainment.
Event is free to the public, but space is limited.
Event is free to the public.
Event is free, but advance ticket reservations required.
Event is free, but advanced seating is required.
Event is free, but reservations are requested.
Event is free, but seating is limited.
Event is free.
Event is fund-raiser for gun ownership rights.
Event is guaranteed to delight young audiences of all ages.
Event is held at a school gym, local recreational center or park.
Event is held on the last day of school, a half-day.
Event is held regardless of the weather.
Event is in doubt.
Event is in the West Coast Conference Room.
Event is included with museum admission.
Event is included with regular Pleasure Island admission.
Event is off-campus with the banquet.
Event is open to all amateurs.
Event is open to all entrants.
Event is open to all, bring a friend.
Event is open to all.
Event is open to everyone.
Event is open to the media.
Event is open to the public and admission is free.
Event is open to the public with no admission fee.
Event is open to the public.
Event is project closing See above.
Event is put into finger quake list.
Event is rain or shine.
Event is reviewed and edit list created.
Event is scheduled rain or shine.
Event is set up and participants receive final instructions.
Event is sold out.
Event is Sold Out.
Event is sponsored by area churches.
Event is still on.
Event is structured in a 'job fair' atmosphere.
Event is subject to cancellation due to inclement weather or insufficient registration.
Event is subject to cancellation in the case of rainout.
Event is subject to minimum enrollment.
Event is swum fastest to slowest.
Event is televised.
Event is the default setting.
Event is to honor veterans and others who have served our country.
Event isa entity.
Event kicks off with a presentation by The Baltimore Zoo Mobile and a few of their animals.
Event links Other web sites listing architectural events around the world.
Event listing in the Calendar of Events section is available at no charge.
Event listings for selected clubs.
Event listings from non-profit organizations are free.
Event log for system critical events.
Event log support with selectable error logging level.
Event logging then continues using the file lsb.events .
Event logs aid in auditing activities.
Event logs allow ejection activity for each cavity to be tracked, viewed, and printed.
Event logs, current users and general system information are all easy to access.
Event meets rain or shine.
Event occurs a number of seconds later than equal to the link delay.
Event offers four different tests.
Event plays sound independent to timeline.
Event plumes associated with volcanic activity are much larger and rise higher in the water column.
Event proceeds to benefit downtown improvement projects.
Event quickly follows event.
Event raises funds for college scholarships.
Event raises money for affordable women's health care.
Event raises museum s profile.
Event receives great reviews from the media and guests.
Event records for immunizations, weight gain, feed changes etc.
Event refers to the interaction of a single photon in the target.
Event Reports .
Event reports Reports on past events.
Event sounds are a genre apart from background scores - activated by clicks, transitions or actions.
Event sounds are most useful for buttons.
Event sounds are usually short in length.
Event sources each maintain a list of listeners.
Event sources fire events at event targets .
Event starting times and business hours also can change without notice.
Event starts at aprrox.
Event takes over entire city.
Event takes place in the Orange Bowl, Miami, Florida.
Event takes place in the sports complex of Nelson Park.
Event takes place only if skies are clear.
Event takes place regardless of weather conditions.
Event takes place without police interference.
Event takes place.
Event targets serious application developers and project managers building enterprise systems.
Event tries to offer too much.
Events abound across the country.
Events add a layer of protection on top of the delegate model.
Events addresses many shortcomings of Connection points.
Events affect calf survival.
Events affect individuals.
Events affect industries.
Events affect life.
Events affect survival.
Events affecting a range of prices can also result in a change in the inflation rate.
Events aim to include an equal number of men and women.
Events aimed at student recruitment are exempt from charges.
Events allow a class to communicate to other classes and programs.
Events allow analyses.
Events allow distributed debugging.
Events allow users to interact with the virtual world while the nodes within it react to each other.
Events already planned include short personal statements of bewilderment by several passers-by.
Events also are open to the general public.
Events also assign names that are also used for trigger specification to match with the events.
Events also carry different meaning in different cultures.
Events also includes music, food, and crafts fair.
Events also move in real time, which means that approximately an hour and a half pass in the movie.
Events also promote learning about diversity, as young people from across the nation interact.
Events also require a location.
Events Also review calendar listings, and festivals , in Hartford.
Events also serve as cues to action.
Events also take place in some of the major Out Islands.
Events alter availability.
Events alter resource availability.
Events alternate between the two available mountains.
Events appear according to the date they take place.
Events appear at the discretion of the editor.
Events appear from nowhere, accelerate towards the ear and recede into the distance.
Events appear in a box at the top of each day's schedule.
Events appear in the Calendar .
Events appear regularly.
Events are a blend of hands-on activities, education, fellowship and family fun.
Events are accessible to individuals with disabilities.
Events are actions that are recognized by an object.
Events are actions that occur usually as a result of something the user does.
Events are actions that occur when the user interacts with the webpage.
Events are actions that occur, usually as a result of something the user does.
Events are actions that potentially change benefit coverage eligibility.
Events are actions that usually occur as a result of something the user does.
Events are added daily, so be sure to check back again soon.
Events are all day unless otherwise indicated.
Events are all weekend long.
Events are also a good way to raise money.
Events are also FREE for the public unless otherwise noted.
Events are also more flexible and powerful.
Events are always open to non- members.
Events are always orange, and they are specified in one of the menus.
Events are always subject to last-minute cancellations and changes.
Events are another category.
Events are as current as can be and are open to all.
Events are asynchronous occurances such as keystrokes and mouse clicks.
Events are at least once a month, occasionally more often.
Events are automatically color-coded based upon how far in the future they are.
Events are available for notification of capture engine state change and capture errors.
Events are basically an extended arm of advertising.
Events are basically communication tools.
Events are basically things that happen to a control.
Events are being added daily, so check back often.
Events are both competitive and non-competitive.
Events are by state, industry, topic, and country of interest.
Events are capable of surprise.
Events are caused by environmental factors.
Events are caused by factors.
Events are caused by motion.
Events are child-free.
Events are circumstances.
Events are collections of outcomes , i.e. simple events.
Events are color-coded, click here for an overview of the artists .
Events are considerably different in concept from usual linear scientific programming.
Events are continually added and changed without further notice, so be sure to check back often.
Events are continually being added, so it is best to check the web for updates.
Events are courses, meetings, planned special events, etc.
Events are curiously slow.
Events are device dependent.
Events are district-wide.
Events are diverse, ranging from grassroots activities to festive galas.
Events are easy to understand.
Events are either free or one youth free when accompanied by an adult.
Events are either free, nominal fee or ticketed.
Events are either heats and finals or just finals, dependant on the number of entries.
Events are either right or wrong, fair or unfair.
Events are family-oriented and held at the office so everyone can participate.
Events are family-oriented and include craft booths and children's play areas with rides and games.
Events are far too likely to get very ugly for everyone if that sort of thing starts.
Events are farmers walk, tire flip, truck pull and an overhead press for weight.
Events are fee based.
Events are fee-based and require advance registration.
Events are fields that have found a center.
Events are for all ages.
Events are for families, children or adults.
Events are for individuals and families unless otherwise specified.
Events are for informational purposes only.
Events are for parents AND their children.
Events are for the most part open to the public at no charge.
Events are for walking, biking, swimming or cross county skiing.
Events are free , except for certain trips and other special events.
Events are free and everyone is welcome.
Events are free and open to all.
Events are FREE and open to everyone.
Events are free and open to the public and the artwork is for sale.
Events are free and open to the public unless noted otherwise.
Events are free and open to the public unless otherwise indicated.
Events are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted.
Events are free and open to the public, except where noted, and all are open to news media coverage.
Events are free and open to the public, unless an admission charge is indicated.
Events are free and open to the public, unless otherwise indicated.
Events are free and open to the public.
Events are free and the public is invited to attend.
Events are free and treasures abound for explorers of all ages.
Events are FREE except for the weekend retreats and the annual roller reunion.
Events are free of charge unless noted.
Events are free of charge unless otherwise noted.
Events are free of charge unless ticket information is provided.
Events are free of charge, and open to all interested parties.
Events are free of charge, but seating is limited.
Events are free of charge.
Events are free or available at a reduced cost for members.
Events are free or low cost, with most equipment provided by park staff.
Events are free to alumni.
Events are free to post.
Events are free to students and the public.
Events are free to students, employees and community members.
Events are free to the public unless noted.
Events are free to the public.
Events are FREE unless a cost is listed.
Events are free unless fee is mentioned.
Events are free unless marked otherwise.
Events are free unless noted in the schedule.
Events are free unless noted.
Events are free unless otherwise listed.
Events are free unless otherwise noted.
Events are FREE unless otherwise specified.
Events are free unless otherwise stated.
Events are free unless ticket price is listed.
Events are free unless ticket prices are noted.
Events are free, but registration is recommended.
Events are free, but registration is required.
Events are free, but seating and parking reservations are required.
Events are free, except where noted.
Events are free, just bring a chair or blanket.
Events are free, made possible by the sponsors.
Events are free, or as low-cost as possible.
Events are free, unless otherwise noted, and are open to the public.
Events are free, with no registration required.
Events are free.
Events are fun and exciting as well as therapeutic for the children.
Events are function pointers that get called when the appropriate event is activated.
Events are generally open only to Mensa members and their guests.
Events are human conceptualizations.
Events are in a separate com.sun.media.jsdt.event package.
Events are in chronological order.
Events are in green.
Events are in order.
Events are in reverse-chronlogical order.
Events are in the cities, the towns, the regional centres, the country and the outback.
Events are in the following locations.
Events are in upper case.
Events are in Windows Media format.
Events are indeed big business.
Events are independent if The likely hood of one influences the likelihood of another.
Events are inherently asynchronous.
Events are instantaneous.
Events are interesting, but only in relation to people.
Events are internally or externally precipitated.
Events are islandwide.
Events are key pressed, mouse clicked, or timer expired.
Events are key to the operation of all GUIs.
Events are largely absent during winter months.
Events are likely to occur rapidly and go through quickly alternating cycles.
Events are limited to community room and bathrooms.
Events are listd by state, as are the organizations.
Events are listed by state, so are the organizations.
Events are listed in calendar order, so simply scroll down to find what's happening.
Events are live broadcasts.
Events are men's and women's singles and doubles.
Events are messages that are sent from an object when that object performs some action.
Events are method calls.
Events are methods called by the component in response to given conditions.
Events are most productive when held early in the semester, especially in freshman classes.
Events are moving fast, current news is continous.
Events are multi-faceted.
Events are neutral.
Events are no less true or powerful, have no less integrity, for being yesterday's events.
Events are no less violent in the thread cells.
Events are no longer formal, and there are so few new rushees, the process is much more subdued.
Events are non-competitive, and participants proceed at their own pace.
Events are non-competitive.
Events are objects.
Events are of local performances, classes, festivals, etc.
Events are often both hilarious and horrifying.
Events are often dependent.
Events are on every second tuesday.
Events are on Saturdays and include games, crafts, animal interaction and other activities.
Events are on the same day.
Events are open free to the public.
Events are open leagues.
Events are open to adults and children.
Events are open to all ages.
Events are open to all bi and bi-friendly people.
Events are open to all homeschoolers.
Events are open to all interested individuals.
Events are open to all interested persons.
Events are open to all members and guests unless the event description lists special restrictions.
Events are open to all members and their guests.
Events are open to all on an equal basis and are advertised as such.
Events are open to all students and to members of the community.
Events are open to all students, guests of students, faculty, staff and alumni.
Events are open to all students.
Events are open to all with an interest in women in physics.
Events are open to all.
Events are open to anyone interested in education.
Events are open to both members and non-members.
Events are open to couples or singles.
Events are open to everyone and our functions are alcohol free.
Events are open to everyone, every time.
Events are open to everyone, free and in Seattle unless otherwise stated.
Events are open to everyone.
Events are open to invited students and their families.
Events are open to members and non-members alike.
Events are open to members and non-members.
Events are open to members of the campus community and the general public.
Events are open to riders of all ages and abilities.
Events are open to the community.
Events are open to the entire campus community.
Events are open to the general public.
Events are open to the Jewish community at a minimal cost.
Events are open to the public and admission is free unless otherwise noted.
Events are open to the public and all professionals involved in the film music business.
Events are open to the public and almost all are free of charge.
Events are open to the public and are free of charge.
Events are open to the public and free of charge.
Events are open to the public and most are free of charge.
Events are open to the public for free, with donations encouraged.
Events are open to the public free of charge.
Events are open to the public without charge except where indicated.
Events are open to the public, and most are free.
Events are open to the public, though reservations are required.
Events are open to the public.
Events are open to the university and community.
Events are open to women of all ages and fitness levels.
Events are open with no qualifying competition or previous experience required.
Events are out of control.
Events are outright invented.
Events are over.
Events are pat and predictable for far too long.
Events are physical phenomenons.
Events are plentiful in the bigger and more-liquid markets.
Events are poorly detailed, emotions scarce, people plastic and one dimensional.
Events are posted as they become known, so check back often.
Events are pre-social.
Events are qualified in nineteen categories, including date, actor, duration, and persons involved.
Events are rain or shine.
Events are random or unpredictable.
Events are reactions of other systems to events of other systems.
Events are real, yet touched with a dreamlike symbolism.
Events are recursive.
Events are responses to actions performed on controls.
Events are searchable by date range.
Events are searchable by location, event type, event title and date.
Events are seasonal and volunteers are utilized as events take place.
Events are seperate.
Events are simply energy in motion appearing as change in a sequential order.
Events are simply events until the mind comes in to judge.
Events are situations.
Events are small symbols ranging around the clock face, positioned by time of the event.
Events are stage-managed.
Events are still in the planning stages.
Events are still the mainstay.
Events are subject to cancellation due to adverse weather and unfavorable trail conditions.
Events are subject to cancellation in the event of inclement weather.
Events are subject to cancellation one week before scheduled date if fewer than ten children enroll.
Events are subject to cancellation or change.
Events are subject to cancellation, date and time changes.
Events are subject to change .
Events are subject to change and cancelation.
Events are subject to change and cancellation.
Events are subject to change due to the advance planning of the itinerary.
Events are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
Events are subject to change or cancellation.
Events are subject to change without notice.
Events are subject to change without notification.
Events are subject to change without prior notice.
Events are subject to change, cancelation, and budget constraints.
Events are subject to change, rescheduling or cancellation.
Events are subject to change, so please call ahead.
Events are subject to change.
Events are subject to date and or time changes so it is best to call ahead to check.
Events are subject to entries.
Events are subject to forest closure due to fire risk.
Events are subject to weather conditions.
Events are successive and linear.
Events are suitable for children of all ages and their families.
Events are sure to delight all ages.
Events are synchronous.
Events are team oriented with an emphasis on active, hands-on participation.
Events are the actual transactions-the giving or getting of a resource.
Events are the arrival of migrating populations, emerging insects and sequence of bloom .
Events are the culmination of programs.
Events are the glue which hold together the word inter-active .
Events are the glue which hold together the word inter-active.
Events are the groups that play at the various locations.
Events are the inputs and can be external or internal.
Events are the means to connect components with each other.
Events are the monitored component of the job sequence.
Events are the number of things each access did while on the site exclusive of loading pictures.
Events are the primary way that Beans communicate with each other.
Events are the productions of their sponsor's inspiration, creativity and dreams.
Events are the real dialectics of history.
Events are the typical entities which EPGs list to present program schedule information.
Events are their focus.
Events are things that initiate an activity that the object is designed to perform.
Events are things that occur while the program is running.
Events are things that the user does while visiting the page.
Events are throughout the month.
Events are time-compressed and structured to save employers time.
Events are to be explained within the context of their occurrence.
Events are unambiguous and confirmable.
Events are underway in Venezuela, Canada, France and the United States, just to name a few.
Events are underway to locate a volunteer to take over the role of administrator.
Events are unpredictable, and when they are the emotions are also unpredictable.
Events are unpredictable.
Events are updated regularly, so check often.
Events are uploaded daily.
Events are upstairs.
Events are useful for simulating regular time interval interrupts.
Events are useful to help control data access.
Events are usually on Sundays.
Events are usually several hundred miles long, often lasting for several days.
Events are varied, but focus on building community.
Events are varied.
Events are various things that can happen in a program.
Events are verbs or actions.
Events are very fluid.
Events are very rushed.
Events are very useful in dealing with input from graphical user interfaces like an HTML page.
Events are viewable, by month, either in a calendar format or a list format.
Events are vital at the moment they are occurring, but typically they soon pass and are forgotten.
Events are weekly and include retreats, mission projects and fellowship activities.
Events are well-publicized and open to all.
Events are what objects respond to.
Events are what people in a traditional community talk about.
Events arise at random times which consist of tokens of information about the alternatives.
Events associated with the tree are both dramatic and historic.
Events Attend a campus event.
Events Attend live learning opportunities on topics of special interest.
Events attract bicyclists to an area and often lead to return trips.
Events attract consumers.
Events attract many visitors to the area, throughout the year.
Events based on a single breakpoint have minimal overhead.
Events Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer.
Events Be sure to check our our upcoming admission events on the events page of our Web site.
Events Be there or be square.
Events become causes.
Events become part of the interface definition and are shown in the object model.
Events become scaleable.
Events become scenes.
Events begin at dusk but are canceled if the sky is too cloudy.
Events begin at noon.
Events begin at the community level with associations hosting local competitions.
Events begin at twilight with a brief lecture followed by stargazing through members' telescopes.
Events begin in Bangkok.
Events begin in the afternoon and run into the evening.
Events begin mid-morning and continue through the afternoon.
Events begin on Friday Night with a BBQ and early preview privileges.
Events begin to escalate, however, much quicker than anyone anticipated.
Events begin to move quickly now.
Events begin to spin out of control.
Events begin today with an evening reception in Seattle.
Events begin with a theme dinner served family style followed by a one-hour program.
Events Below are links to pages about recent events such as camping trips, fund raisers, etc.
Events Below is a compilation of community events.
Events Below is a list of coming events in the Johnson County area.
Events benefit the special needs of people of Ghana.
Events bring joys.
Events bring spectators.
Events build to shocking climaxes, including murder.
Events build, clash, and recede in perfectly executed waves of emotional turbulence.
Events burst at random into and within the timeframe cleared as an artwork.
Events calendar free classifieds and local information.
Events can also be asynchronous, such as a network packet containing configuration changes.
Events can also come from other programs like the window manager.
Events can also have free classifieds and banners.
Events can also trigger program execution.
Events can arrive at any time, and in any order.
Events can be a command and control message, passage of time, and an arrival of a packet.
Events can be anything from a local potluck to a world congress.
Events can be anything from a user logging on to the illegal access of a file.
Events can be anywhere.
Events can be as far in the future as desired.
Events can be classes, encounters with friends, roommates, teachers, or parents.
Events can be data transitions on input pins or host commands.
Events can be either positive or negative.
Events can be either synchronous or asynchronous.
Events can be everyday, week or month.
Events can be expensive.
Events can be for profit as long as they are relevant.
Events can be for several hours to several days in duration.
Events can be for single day entry, for a duration of days, or for periodic days.
Events can be 'happenings', while objects can be abstract or real 'things' in our environment.
Events can be information, warnings, or errors.
Events can be logically related, such that any number or combination of events can trigger a task.
Events can be of any size or scale - smaller sized events are definitely welcome.
Events can be once only, every year, monthly, weekly, bi-weekly or at random.
Events can be one-time events, repeating or scheduled daily, weekly, monthly, etc.
Events can be particularly important.
Events can be password protected for security, or to charge fees to the audience.
Events can be posted, invitations to the members to repost are welcome.
Events can be repetitious, but no moment is the same as the first.
Events can be school or family reunion, sports, arts or social club related.
Events can be simple expressions or completely customized intricate presentations.
Events can be successful if everyone pitches in and brings something or helps setup a meeting space.
Events can be Web site driven, clock or calendar driven, or based on database contents.
Events can branch and spin out of control, so one never can be sure.
Events can build on each other.
Events can build pride and provide perks for employees.
Events can cause some people s stress level to soar.
Events can deteriorate to the point at which the dialogue is unable to avoid misfortune.
Events can deteriorate to the point at which the network is unable to avoid misfortune.
Events can deteriorate to the point at which the vision is unable to avoid misfortune.
Events can display pop-up text.
Events can either be charity fund-raising or proceeds can be used to cover costs.
Events can end early.
Events can have a response form which allows users to register their interest in an event.
Events can have an event detail page.
Events can have elements in different combinations.
Events can have parameters.
Events can highlight past accomplishments and encourage planning for the future.
Events can include chats, audio or video interviews, or updates of ongoing events.
Events can include farming activities such as planting and harvesting.
Events can include films, lectures, panels, or other approved programs.
Events can include flower shows, plant sales, conferences, symposia, etc.
Events can include HTML code, including hyperlinks, tables, colors, and images.
Events can include rose shows, conferences, district or regional meetings, workshops, schools, etc.
Events can now get immediate answers to attendance and tracking questions.
Events can occur at different times than what is listed.
Events can occur simultaneously.
Events can occur within states.
Events can often times be hard to plan and very time-consuming.
Events can range from a simple birthday party to a complex business conference.
Events can range from the lighthearted to the serious.
Events can run any number of time blocks.
Events can showcase the culture of the first people of North Dakota.
Events can span a date range such as an entire month or year.
Events can span days or recur at intervals.
Events can take many forms and include a wide variety of activities.
Events can take place at all times of the day, under clear skies or in snowy conditions.
Events can take place week days, a weekend, or a combination of both.
Events cause events.
Events cause movement.
Events cause other events in the world.
Events cause other events or cause characters to react in a certain way.
Events cause production.
Events cause the data in the model to change.
Events celebrate the rich heritage of the region.
Events center around various team and individual sports.
Events change a person's surroundings.
Events change dates and cancel occasionally.
Events change environments.
Events change often here, and worthwhile nights do pop up on occasion.
Events change often, so call for the most current list of events.
Events change over time.
Events change year to year.
Events change yearly depending on the needs of the community.
Events change, prices change, promotions change.
Events charge a fee, which covers the cost of snacks and a souvenir.
Events Check back frequently for coming events including shows, contests, and exhibitions.
Events Check back frequently for information on current and upcoming events.
Events Check back later for upcoming department events.
Events Check back periodically for new information, or subscribe to our event announcement list .
Events Check back soon.
Events Check our archives for past event coverage.
Events Check our calendar for information on events from the summer.
Events Check our calendar of events for upcoming events in the surrounding area.
Events Check out educational, IT and training seminars, conferences, exhibitions and workshops.
Events Check out our calendar for live presentations, special programs for all ages.
Events Check out our events and festivals calendar.
Events Check out our events calendar.
Events Check out our latest events, from boat shows, tournaments and swap meets come join the fun.
Events Check out our new Events page.
Events Check out our weekly specials.
Events Check out the calendar for the event schedule.
Events Check out the latest fairs, seminars and conferences.
Events Check the Calendar page for all the upcoming events.
Events Check to see what's happening at school.
Events Click a park name for more information.
Events Click above to find out more about the conference and post conference events.
Events Click an event on the interactive calendar to learn more about it.
Events Click for a larger view.
Events Click for more things to do.
Events Click for things to do.
Events Click on an event's name for more details.
Events Click on any thumbnail to view a downloadable larger image.
Events Click on dates for event details and registration.
Events Click on picture to see larger version.
Events Click on the appropiate heading or just scroll down to browse.
Events Click on the description to go to the web site for that event.
Events Click on the highlighted dates and months to find out what's happening.
Events Click on the icon below for a listing of all of our events.
Events Click on the links below for Events information.
Events Click on the links below to see the schedule of events for that day.
Events Click on the month to go to the calendar of activities.
Events Click on the subject.
Events Click on Yankee Log at top of page.
Events Click the month below to view events of that particular month.
Events Click the pics to see the bands' own websites and schedules.
Events come back to life through the physical artifacts.
Events come from other logic modules, or the outside world.
Events Come here to find current site news and events.
Events come in various flavors and in different forms for numerous purposes.
Events come into place.
Events come to a head demanding an alert mind and a resolute arm.
Events consist of a speed climb, skills climb, aerial rescue, knot tying, rope throw, and speed saw.
Events consist of four runs spread evenly throughout the day.
Events conspire and lead inexorably on to a final confrontation.
Events contain an icon that indicates the severity as well as a distinct event name.
Events containing quarks are the specimens of interest described here.
Events contains announcements of maritime or port-related events.
Events contains company financial events.
Events contains links to LCs program and to some arranged and joined events.
Events continue throughout the month.
Events continue throughout the winter period with plans being worked on for future festivals.
Events continue to be a major draw for many Earthling customers.
Events continue today.
Events continue until midnight with live bands, food booths, gold panning and kids events.
Events coordinated by the club include ethnic conferences, speaker series, and club dinners.
Events could have effects.
Events cover biosciences, biotechnology, biomedical and material sciences.
Events cover multiple industries, the USA, and some international shows.
Events covered are primarily in the Pacific Northwest.
Events covered include the Korean truce negotiations, the Cold War, and 's revolution in Cuba.
Events create imbalances.
Events CTAG research meetings take place every forthnight in the department seminar room.
Events culminate backstage after the final performance.
Events Deal with logistical aspects of the planning and operation of all events.
Events deliver all that and more.
Events demonstrate the importance of radar data in an accident investigation.
Events depend on nice weather.
Events depend on wave size and other conditions that change on a daily basis.
Events depend on weather.
Events develop a synergistic approach for attracting tourism.
Events develop very quickly after the meeting.
Events diary on screen or by monthly e-mail .
Events disappear more rapidly if the city cooperates.
Events discussed within the session are confidential.
Events drive demand perhaps better than anything else.
Events drive the news of television and newspapers.
Events drop off automatically when the event passes.
Events easily pass asynchronously from thread to thread.
Events elsewhere show that it takes very little for such hatred to be expressed more violently.
Events emerge as letters on the screen, drag best thots into trash.
Events enable students to learn from each other rather than from the instructor.
Events enter into causal relations, they are causes and effects of one another.
Events escalate from there.
Events evolve at a dazzling pace.
Events evolving at an atomic level often occur in lightning-like time frames.
Events expand with the character.
Events Experience the magic of glassblowing.
Events feature a range of activities so that students at all grades can participate.
Events feature comedians, musicians, illusionists, and more.
Events feature distinguished speakers, topical panel discussions and other activities.
Events feature dreamplay, a pot luck and barbecue, swimming in a pool and floating in a spa.
Events feature hands-on activities for kids and their parents to learn and have fun.
Events feature leaders.
Events feature speakers on topics that are of interest to the business community.
Events feature student workshops, a lunch mixer and the career fair.
Events feature traditional food, music, cultural activities.
Events featured include races, tours, shopping, cookouts and campouts.
Events features free admission and parking.
Events features the area's fine art.
Events features the district calendar, with details on many of the upcoming events.
Events feed each other.
Events fill quickly.
Events Find a list of the many environmental events held throughout the year.
Events Find many new application-level events for task, resource, and assignment actions.
Events Find out about club activities.
Events Find out about our upcoming trade shows, conferences and speaking engagements.
Events Find out about special events , workshops and conferences .
Events Find out about upcoming and past events.
Events Find out about upcoming events .
Events Find out about upcoming events and educational seminars.
Events Find out about upcoming events at Gateway.
Events Find out about upcoming speakers and events.
Events Find out about upcoming tournaments, challenges, and chats.
Events Find out about upcoming trade show schedules and training seminars.
Events Find out details and schedules of training courses and upcoming events.
Events Find out more about upcoming local events or events that have occurred in the past.
Events Find out our fixtures.
Events Find out what's happened lately.
Events Find out what's happening in the islands next week, next month, or next year.
Events Find the latest events posted.
Events focus on couple strengths and relationship growth and on couples helping other couples.
Events follow our conceptual leadership.
Events Follow our simple formula for a successful event.
Events follow thoughts.
Events Following are several events relating to climate change.
Events force the play's characters to deal with who they really are.
Events foreseen by conditions are of three kinds.
Events foretold thousands of years ago are evolving in our lifetimes.
Events Get a FREE Pass to an upcoming event.
Events Go beyond ordinary and straight to extraordinary.
Events Go here for the latest calendar of events related to Illinois TIFs.
Events go here.
Events go on rain or shine.
Events go rain or shine.
Events Go to our events diary.
Events Go to our events page.
Events go well into the night.
Events guide a decision.
Events happen - and that's it.
Events happen all over the Bay area.
Events happen amongst the guests as if in real life.
Events happen and trigger emotions, and that is all there is to it.
Events happen around the country and take months of planning.
Events happen as they do.
Events happen based on the needs of the community throughout the year.
Events happen because alumni get involved.
Events happen because they are possible.
Events happen frequently, so be sure to visit often.
Events happen in a sequence and direction of the world line.
Events happen in first places.
Events happen in history because of people.
Events happen in life.
Events happen in life.
Events happen in our lives.
Events happen in places.
Events happen in same places.
Events happen in specific places to particular people.
Events happen in spring and fall.
Events happen in towns.
Events happen on a daily basis, and someone always has a story to share.
Events happen quickly in the world today.
Events happen quickly where labor law problems exist.
Events happen quickly, but themes and resolutions develop slowly.
Events happen randomly, and the end of the book comes when there's nothing more to say.
Events happen throughout the year.
Events happen when the defense fails.
Events happen year-round.
Events happen, but lack meaning.
Events happen, but to no clear purpose.
Events has clear probabilistic sense.
Events has information about upcoming dates to remember.
Events has to be register before networking is enabled.
Events have a given duration.
Events have a kind and belong to a module.
Events Have a look at our events diary.
Events Have a look at our interesting events.
Events have a novelty flavour.
Events have a precise start date and end date.
Events have a ten minute time limits.
Events have a way of changing things.
Events have adverse consequences.
Events have attributes.
Events have basic security of facilitation group.
Events have causes.
Events have causes.
Events have consequences.
Events have cosmic connotations.
Events have different meaning in different situations.
Events have enormous pressure.
Events have environmental impact.
Events have genetic consequences.
Events have have causes.
Events have have external causes.
Events have immediate consequences.
Events have impact.
Events have little impact.
Events have magnitudes.
Events have no inherent meaning.
Events have outcomes.
Events have pr oven that statement to be a truth.
Events have pressure.
Events have properties.
Events have representation in different modalities.
Events have term impact.
Events have the power to react dynamically to subsequent events when queued.
Events have to be controlled.
Events have to be enqueued ahead.
Events have uncertainty.
Events having no significant impact on a global scale can cause localized economic dislocation.
Events held at yacht clubs can also be very special.
Events held throughout the calendar year draw thousands to our valley.
Events Help and manage the many special activities on zoo grounds.
Events Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Events help launch brands, encourage trials, position products and create awareness.
Events help launch products, gain wider distribution, build awareness, and just plain sell.
Events Help put on our quarterly general meetings with prominent speakers.
Events help the boys to work as a team and they have fun learning new skills.
Events here are dramatic.
Events Here are some important details regarding our events throughout the year.
Events Here is a list of tournaments, seminars, and outside events in the Southern California Area.
Events here show how urgent the work is.
Events highlight the significance of prenatal brain development and spiritual growth.
Events Hoe down at harvest time.
Events include development.
Events include growth.
Events includes fashion shows, auctions, luncheons, tours, and entertainment.
Events includes sources for identifying news events and general chronology.
Events including school to station visits encourage student participation.
Events influence impact.
Events influence use.
Events inlcude large service projects.
Events inlcude silent auction, hourly door prizes, educational exhibits.
Events inscribe themselves as on a wax tablet.
Events interrupt tasks and trigger the immediate execution of response routines.
Events intervene to disrupt the total harvest, and a few turtles manage to reproduce in peace.
Events introduces employers to job seekers and job seekers to employers at local career fairs.
Events introduces the concept of an event class.
Events involve activities.
Events involve division.
Events involve everyone.
Events involve operations.
Events involve readings, an art exhibition, and a bug show.
Events involve witness talks with inmate participation, songs, and sharing.
Events involving espionage are well documented throughout history .
Events involving more risk or younger children require more supervision.
Events is a collection of all events supported by a document or content of a document.
Events is a constantly updated listing of family-friendly events going on in our area.
Events is a guide to online and offline literary events.
Events is a historical trivia game.
Events is a list of happenings within the family.
Events is a listing of our major conference bookings for upcoming years.
Events is no longer a main category button on the new site.
Events is the place to hear or watch broadcasts live via the Internet.
Events is used to track and update commands sent to the activex control.
Events just come out of left field to smack the characters in the face.
Events just happen, often without rhyme or reason.
Events Keep record of awards, disciplinary actions, milestones and other important employee events.
Events Keep track of important industry events .
Events Keep up to date with our diary of events in the food world.
Events last the entire school year.
Events lead to a conclusion that gave it a cruel and twisted ending.
Events lead to conclusions.
Events lead to consequences.
Events lead to expansion.
Events lead to general conclusions.
Events lead to incidents.
Events lead to range expansion.
Events lead to rapid expansion.
Events lead to rapid range expansion.
Events lead to scenarios.
Events lead to segregation.
Events lead to stories.
Events lead up to asteroid impact.
Events lead up to impact.
Events leading to reclamation begin even before mining activities start.
Events leading to the termination are as follows.
Events leading up to the accident are still sketchy.
Events Learn about our upcoming fundraisers and volunteer activities.
Events Learn more about upcoming Events and register online.
Events Let others know about upcoming events.
Events Link here for industry specific seminars and events.
Events list and contact information.
Events list subject to change.
Events list, registration forms, vacation details, and match results.
Events listed above are wheelchair accessible.
Events listed are approximate times only.
Events listed are church-wide.
Events listed are from a variety of sources.
Events listed are in Hattiesburg unless otherwise noted.
Events listed are only a sampling of the endless opportunities available to explore.
Events listed are open to the public and riders of all makes of motorcycles unless otherwise noted.
Events listed are subject to change or cancellation.
Events listed are subject to change without notice.
Events listed are subject to change.
Events listed below are cooperative adventures among participants.
Events listed below are open to the public.
Events Listed below are pictures and info from some events.
Events Listed below are some of the events that are coming up over the next several months.
Events listed below are subject to change.
Events listed here are open to the public, and free unless otherwise noted.
Events listed here are open to thepublic, and free unless otherwise noted.
Events listed here represent all currently available speaking opportunities.
Events listed in Blue have the date reservation form in.
Events listed in red are full.
Events listed include matters such as the date of issuance of orders and receipt of filings.
Events listed without a ticket price are free.
Events lists some of the conferences focusing on Web-based training.
Events Lists the meetings of interest to the community.
Events lists upcoming departmental meetings, poetry and fiction readings, and special programs.
Events Live corpse removal internet broadcast soon.
Events Look here for events, past and present.
Events Look here for public events the firm is hosting.
Events Look up workshops, conferences, and seminars.
Events look very different when viewed in the context of a lifetime.
Events looks for a default printer when it loads.
Events make it increasingly difficult, then impossible for the couple to be happily together.
Events mark the passage of time and celebrations build cohesion.
Events marked have toilets and some disabled access.
Events marked in bold are mandatory for all advisors.
Events marked with an asterisk are free.
Events marking the civil rights leader's birthday include concerts and lectures.
Events may have effects.
Events may have impact.
Events may have negative effects.
Events may have pronounce effects.
Events may have significant effects.
Events Meet people for dances, bashes and other exciting events.
Events Meet the team.
Events melt one into the other out there.
Events most favored by classmates are the cocktail party, dinner dance, clambake, and boat trip.
Events move along believably and there's no idiot-plotting required.
Events move too quickly to be sorted out or too slowly to be noticed.
Events move with a strange unpredictability, involving a dwarf, a flute, and several metamorphoses.
Events Note Events are non-refundable.
Events Note that the track is laid around the scenic divider and leads back to the starting point.
Events now have a spatial and temporal place.
Events now move swiftly.
Events occur and circumstances change quickly and without warning.
Events occur and situations develop that can be extremely frustrating.
Events occur at a constant average rate, with only one of two outcomes countable.
Events occur at points.
Events occur at same time.
Events occur at time.
Events occur at various locations on campus.
Events occur at various times and locations on campus.
Events occur at various times throughout the year and planning takes place all year.
Events occur automatically when a certain condition exists.
Events occur during climate conditions.
Events occur during conditions.
Events occur during eras.
Events occur during favorable climate conditions.
Events occur during favorable conditions.
Events occur during life.
Events occur during periods.
Events occur every day in thousands of firms that ultimately lead managers to search for new people.
Events occur every few years, and some events are much larger than others.
Events occur for which there are no logical answers.
Events occur in areas.
Events occur in cities.
Events occur in consistent patterns.
Events occur in development.
Events occur in environments.
Events occur in habitats.
Events occur in life.
Events occur in only one way.
Events occur in pasts.
Events occur in patterns.
Events occur in periods.
Events occur in same areas.
Events occur in same vicinities.
Events occur in short time.
Events occur in stages.
Events occur in the real world.
Events occur in the universe over a vast range of time intervals.
Events occur in time.
Events occur in vicinities.
Events occur on week days, evenings and some weekends.
Events occur out of the usual order.
Events occur over geologic time.
Events occur over periods.
Events occur over short evolutionary periods.
Events occur over short periods.
Events occur over time periods.
Events occur over time that necessitate altering goals and objectives.
Events occur over time.
Events occur over year periods.
Events occur sequentially in frames in the score.
Events occur that appear to be inexplicable.
Events occur that are all but meaningless to one character, yet mean the world to another.
Events occur that challenge our assumptions and contradict our forecasts.
Events occur too quickly, leaving the audience feeling left behind.
Events occur when a user clicks the mouse button, selects a field in a form, closes the form, etc.
Events occur which relate to other events, other people, geography, or resources.
Events occur within a context of time.
Events occur within periods.
Events occur within week periods.
Events occur within years.
Events occur year-round, including fox chasing, organized trail rides and steeple chase races.
Events occurring after initiation of the stop have no bearing on whether the stop was justified.
Events occurring in the Caribbean Basin can affect our lives in profound and dramatic ways.
Events offers a vast variety of courses and classes.
Events onfilterchange Fires when a visual filter changes state or completes a transition.
Events online are similar to events used in traditional public relations.
Events onload Fires from a persistent element when the page reloads.
Events only contain immediate information.
Events only qualify if there was at least a semi-final danced.
Events open their tee sheets approximately three weeks before the event.
Events organized with the meal exchange catering menu are free to students with a meal plan.
Events overlap and interlace and interact without impeding each other.
Events overtake men.
Events pages Open for countries.
Events particularize ultimate creative power.
Events pile up thick and fast.
Events pile up, closing some doors while opening others, and take on their own inexorable momentum.
Events Plan to attend one of the following events.
Events planned by GRAs probably alleviate some of the isolation felt by on campus students.
Events planned for the day include folk music, dancers.
Events planned for the day include workshops, seminars and presentations.
Events planned for the future include ski trips, trips to Chicago and white water rafting.
Events planned for the semester include a debate, guest speaker and free food at all meetings.
Events planned for the weekend are basically the same as last year.
Events planned include a movie and a performance by a magician.
Events planned include conferences, seminars, exhibitions, and operetta performances.
Events play major roles.
Events play out exactly as prophesied.
Events play roles.
Events Play with the red rectangle.
Events posted are current, and of interest to the older, more mature patron.
Events posted are generally open to all.
Events precede their causes.
Events preceding icon, following icon, and the icon itself are well balanced in an engaging story.
Events produce particles which supposedly survive for only fractions of a second.
Events programme on-line.
Events progress logically from beginning to end.
Events propigate in waves.
Events prove otherwise.
Events provide a swift cache of vps, and they also count as a gold piece.
Events provide an opportunity to interact with guest speakers and fellow members.
Events provide on-site exposure of the company's logo, corporate colors, brand names and products.
Events Provide seating with easy access for disabled people.
Events provide something for every taste and age group.
Events provide the basis of interacting with the Navigator window and the currently loaded document.
Events provide yet another bit of complexity.
Events provides details on activities such as book fairs and Read Across America Week.
Events provides information on seminars, colloquia and Departmental schedules and events.
Events qualify only if there was at least a semi-final danced.
Events quickly take several tragic turns.
Events race by.
Events raise awareness.
Events raise funds for the expansion and building.
Events rang from cycling days and family picnics to camps and sleepovers.
Events range from a few minutes for the kilometer on the track to a few hours on the road.
Events range from a gourmet dinner for two to a buffet for one hundred people.
Events range from a half day to one and a half days.
Events range from a simple keypress by the user to the click of a mouse button.
Events range from art exhibitions to jazz concerts to recitals and master classes.
Events range from art shows, and musical theater productions to car shows, festivals and rodeos.
Events range from beach parties to sock hops.
Events range from big touring shows to games, concerts, arts performances, and more.
Events range from bocce and swimming to track and field.
Events range from coffee breaks to banquets and receptions and keynote speakers.
Events range from coffee breaks to banquets, receptions and keynote speakers.
Events range from craft shows to garden shows and food festivals.
Events range from dance parties to late night movies and more.
Events range from dancing workshops to small theatre productions.
Events range from full blown conferences to small gatherings of survivors and supporters.
Events range from helping the elderly to visiting children who are hospitalized.
Events range from horse and livestock shows to truck and tractor pulls.
Events range from informal barbecues to informative talks by members of the faculty.
Events range from international conferences to wedding receptions, weekly meetings to banquets.
Events range from less than one day to multiple day sessions, conferences, workshops, and seminars.
Events range from live music, open mic, coffee hours, movies and dances.
Events range from meetings and conferences to workshops and training sessions.
Events range from member-listed parties through professionally run mountain adventures.
Events range from Membership Nights to Activation Meetings.
Events range from mousemove events to timer events and much more.
Events range from personal ministry times to craft classes, special interest, brunches, etc.
Events range from piano recitals and guest lectures to our multi-cultural food expo.
Events range from plays, musicals and operas to symphony, jazz and dance.
Events range from potluck dinners and brown-bag lunches to theater productions.
Events range from public speaking and mock job interviews to project presentations.
Events range from receptions, happy hours, cruises, educational programs.
Events range from single speakers to conferences, and from art showings to musical events.
Events range from ski weekends to full day seminars and a speaker from Cambridge every year.
Events range from small ones with just five or ten cars to weekends of fun for hundreds .
Events range from small social events and speakers to major concerts and comedians.
Events range from structured and educational to casual.
Events range from structured programs to unstructured social gatherings.
Events range from study skills workshop to bowling.
Events range from talent nights to sports tournaments and line dances.
Events range from the dangerous bull riding to the fast and furious cowgirls barrel racing.
Events range from the egg-drop contest to Fermi questions.
Events range from the standard cocktail hour to more luxurious fare.
Events range from track and field to billiards.
Events range from wine tastings and cooking classes to book clubs and sporting events.
Events range from worship and study to road trips, sports, and parties.
Events range in size and scope.
Events reach the level of consciousness only after they have occurred, never simultaneously.
Events Read about upcoming conferences, continuing education programmes and other events.
Events really take off and roll in the first issue.
Events reflect actual percentages of type.
Events relate to time.
Events related to the booksellers trade New schedule coming soon.
Events relating to further education are searchable by region.
Events remain on our site until they happen.
Events remain posted until the event date.
Events remain tentative until formal sign-off approval is given.
Events Remember to check the Events Calendar .
Events repeat , and the stories teach a lesson.
Events represent the range of actions that can be performed in any given application.
Events require actions.
Events require attention.
Events require geography.
Events require such actions.
Events requiring service staff are subject to a service charge.
Events resonate and generate video ripples within a unique colloquial language.
Events result from causes.
Events result from interaction.
Events result from natural causes.
Events result in abnormal events.
Events result in actions.
Events result in death.
Events result in development.
Events result in events.
Events rotate every four minutes.
Events rotate on all islands throughout the Festival.
Events rotate throughout the year.
Events rotate to different counties where family members live during the three-day reunion.
Events run at the stage throughout the festival.
Events run by volunteers.
Events run the gamut, from dances to discussions.
Events run the whole gamut of sports.
Events run through out the year.
Events run throughout the day.
Events run throughout the year.
Events run with voluntary support.
Events rush at a candidate with accelerating speed.
Events schedualed are pending.
Events schedule subject to change without notification.
Events scheduled are Bible studies, music, fun, and leadership training.
Events scheduled elsewhere on campus require additional labor, at user cost.
Events scheduled typically include exams, meetings, thesis and defenses.
Events scheduler to automate routine tasks of retrieving report data or purging old data.
Events search by name, event, type, organizer, industry, location, dates.
Events search only for conferences and events .
Events See details of up-coming members' meetings and training initiatives.
Events See our current and past happenings.
Events See our listing of important events to keep abreast of deadlines, conferences and colloquia.
Events See the current list of events and download recent presentations.
Events See the events page for further details.
Events See what major events are happening in Canada and around the world on New Year's Eve.
Events See what's going on around campus and in local communities.
Events See what's going on around campus.
Events See what's going on at the zoo.
Events See whats going on campus.
Events See what's going on campus.
Events seem cartoonish because of lack of depth.
Events seem disjointed yet make sense at a symbolic level.
Events seem to be constantly taking a novel turn.
Events seem to be speeding up, and it now seems important to get some additional help at the scene.
Events seem to work out in unexpected, often delightful ways.
Events Select an upcoming event.
Events sell out, so early registration advised.
Events serving breakfast, lunch, dinner or cocktails are by invitation only.
Events serving food require cleaning services that are chargeable to the organization.
Events settle down a bit.
Events setup the conclusion of the series with book six.
Events shift with the sudden arrival of three new men on the island.
Events show concern.
Events show how rapidly freedom can be lost and a civilised country betrayed.
Events show up in the language they are created.
Events showcase unique artist collaborations and unusual blends of styles.
Events shown in bold are either public or special events requiring a committed team leader and team.
Events shows at what point the split occured and the ratio of the split.
Events signal changes to field values, external stimuli, interactions between nodes, etc.
Events signal external stimuli, changes to field values, and interactions between nodes.
Events Skating events are events that involve actual skating.
Events soon take a turn for the worse.
Events spin further out of control.
Events spiral out of control and lots of people die.
Events spiral out of their control.
Events start at noon and last for one hour.
Events start at noon with a tractor parade, baked goods, and live music.
Events start at scheduled times.
Events start coming in automatically.
Events start developing rapidly in many parts of the West Bank and Gaza.
Events start from half day to a full week.
Events start moving in close succession.
Events Start selling on the Web today.
Events start simply with cloverleaf, hairpin, Georgia barrels, and stake race.
Events Stay informed of the latest ideas and technologies leading the distribution industry.
Events still have causes, of course, but they are no longer merely bio-physical.
Events still have their own cost depending on the type of event.
Events stimulate the economy and create a healthy community.
Events support service and scholarship efforts.
Events Suppose that A and B are events in a random experiment.
Events surrounding the broken lap belt fiasco seem to be getting out of hand.
Events sustain an online dialogue with their audience.
Events swum fastest to slowest and combined by age group.
Events swum fastest to slowest as the final event of finals.
Events Take a peek at the upcoming schedule of club events and car shows.
Events take a turn for the unrelentingly devastating.
Events take many forms as well.
Events take on a different meaning and one's imagination is pushed to the limits and then beyond.
Events take on a life of there own.
Events take on far reaching consequences.
Events take on far-reaching consequences.
Events take place across the country.
Events take place across the United States.
Events take place all over Seattle.
Events take place almost every night of the week as well as on weekends.
Events take place almost in real time.
Events take place along the river and also scenic Bluestone Lake.
Events take place at public libraries throughout the province.
Events take place at state parks, forests and nature preserves.
Events take place at various sites, including churches, high school auditoriums and area parks.
Events take place at venues throughout the city including the main theatre on the boardwalk.
Events take place at venues throughout the city.
Events take place both on and off the stage, which impact people's lives forever.
Events take place in a particular room at a particular session.
Events take place in Cape Town but participants are drawn from around the country.
Events take place in different locations all over the country.
Events take place in London.
Events take place in the New England states.
Events take place on a daily basis which affect independent dealers and their dealerships.
Events take place on campus.
Events take place on the dock side, golf tournament, hospitality tent and more.
Events take place over two days involving camping overnight at a fixed base.
Events take place rain or shine, unless conditions endanger the safety of artists and public.
Events take place throughout the day, with ox pulls and livestock judging.
Events take place throughout the Portland area.
Events take place throughout the year, but spring and fall are particularly busy seasons.
Events take place throughout the year.
Events take place within a fortified castle that holds magical intrigue.
Events take place without a hitch.
Events take place worldwide.
Events take places in the USA, Afghanistan, and Albania as a matter of storyteller's convenience.
Events take places.
Events take the detective on the road to Perdition, a town in the Pacific Northwest.
Events taking place in the world indicate that earth movements are at work.
Events taking place on the opposite side of the earth inexorably influence our daily lives.
Events Talk about upcoming parties, events, concerts and other shows.
Events target middle to high school students.
Events tend really just to happen.
Events tend to be organized in quarters.
Events tend to be short and player interaction is usually limited to repetitive button mashing.
Events tend to be small and the group is very low-key.
Events tend to come in clusters or bunches.
Events There is always a full and varied programme of events each month.
Events to take places.
Events trigger development.
Events trigger embryonic development.
Events trigger events.
Events trigger fission events.
Events trigger more fission events.
Events trigger responses.
Events trigger visual or audible alarms.
Events Turn here to find out what events are happening next with early intervention in Pennsylvania.
Events turn out to be confusing.
Events turn sinister when threatening anonymous letters lead to murder.
Events typically consist of informal lectures on varied topics followed by a social hour.
Events typically take place in one of the several sports facilities on grounds.
Events unfold dramatically and suspensefully, with documentation tucked away at the back.
Events unfold just a bit too quickly and neatly.
Events unfold sequentially and casually, each in a bit of agitated stage.
Events unfold themselves naturally.
Events Upcoming seminars, conferences, exhibitions, find it all here.
Events vary and are always exhilarating.
Events vary by day.
Events vary depending on the season and region.
Events vary during the exhibit.
Events vary during the week.
Events vary from conferences, seminars, workshops, and symposiums to private functions.
Events vary from night to night, so it's best to call early.
Events vary from relaxed country tours with picnic lunches to fast-action road racing .
Events vary from relaxed country tours with picnic lunches to fast-action road racing.
Events vary from season to season.
Events vary from year to year, reflecting the creativity of the current community.
Events vary from year to year.
Events vary in scope and intensity.
Events vary per site.
Events vary throughout the year.
Events vary week to week.
Events vary year to year, but have included a car show, golf tournament, and a barbeque.
Events View a list of email marketing events.
Events view allows users to quickly understand which type of database activity is causing problems.
Events View our schedule of upcoming medical meetings and speaking engagements.
Events View the schedule of upcoming events for the hospitality industry.
Events View the trade shows and other events in which SBS is participating.
Events Watch for details on upcoming events.
Events Watch here for upcoming events.
Events Welcome to our Dutch web site.
Events would have effects.
Events would have little effects.
Events always get hot and heavy during a full moon eclipse.
Events frequently become center stage for public viewing.
Events often begin with drinks and hors d'oeuvres in the adjoining marble lobby.
Events often cause each other.
Events often come in bouts , which are sessions of repetitive occurrences of the same event.
Events often fill up quickly.
Events often go on for days, with singing, dancing, feasting and sporting events.
Events often have a mystical quality and reveal universal longings.
Events often occur to alter birth plans.
Events often raise moral questions.
Events often represent user actions, like pressing a key or clicking a mouse button.
Events often seem to have no connection to one another.
Events sometimes change.
Events sometimes focus public attention on the other standing committees.
Events sometimes transpire too fast to send an entire release.
Events usually have a life of their own - beyond our control.
All event dates subject to change.
All event dates, times and locations are subject to change.
All event listed are open to participation by U.S. companies.
All Events Amus.
All events are accessible.
All events are accurate to within one year unless followed by a question mark.
All events are admission free to the public.
All events are advance tickets only unless otherwise noted.
All events are affordable, free giveaways, and discounts.
All events are alcohol-free.
All events are also free.
All events are also social events with a combination of presentations and a dinner.
All events are at hotel unless otherwise indicated.
All events are at no additional charge.
All events are at the mercy of the weather.
All events are at the shul unless otherwise noted.
All events are automatic and require no typing just mouse clicks.
All events are bookable and tickets are allocated strictly on a 'first come, first served' basis.
All events are by appointment.
All events are by invitation only.
All events are by Pre-entry only .
All events are casual dress, and no reservations are necessary unless otherwise noted.
All events are casual except for the banquet, which is professional dress.
All events are casual.
All events are causal dress.
All events are chem free and fun for the family.
All events are co-ed and open to the entire congregation.
All events are competitions for points for the engineering students.
All events are completely FREE and most events include FREE food and beverages.
All events are completely student-run and jointly offered to students in both clubs.
All events are complimentary.
All events are contingent upon weather conditions.
All events are credit only.
All events are custom tailored to each clients needs and expectations.
All events are date and time stamped.
All events are designed for the non-athlete and both men and women can participate.
All events are dockside.
All events are double elimination.
All events are dutch treat.
All events are either fixed facility or transportation-related.
All events are either FREE or offer exceptional value.
All events are either free, subject to group discounts or are at cost.
All events are either low cost or no cost.
All events are entirely free.
All events are extra special.
All events are family oriented.
All events are filled on a first come first serve basis, so sign up early.
All events are final.
All events are finals unless noted otherwise.
All events are food for such an appetite.
All events are for groups of three or more.
All events are for members only.
All events are for men's and women's track unless otherwise stated.
All events are for today or tonight.
All events are free - no reservations or tickets are required.
All events are FREE , and the atmosphere is festive and friendly.
All events are FREE , unless otherwise noted.
All events are free .
All events are free admission and open to the public.
All events are free admission unless otherwise noted.
All events are free admission.
All events are free and all are open to the public.
All events are free and appropriate for children of all ages.
All events are FREE and are open to both Empire members and non-members.
All events are free and are open to the public.
All events are free and celebration takes place regardless of the weather.
All events are free and cover current astronomical topics.
All events are free and everyone is welcome to attend.
All events are free and everyone is welcome.
All events are FREE and everyone is welcome.
All events are free and faculty are encouraged to ask their students to attend the sessions.
All events are free and followed by a question and answer session.
All events are free and in Seattle unless otherwise noted.
All events are free and include such things as games, shows, activities, and music.
All events are free and informal unless otherwise noted.
All events are free and no preregistration is necessary for any of the walks.
All events are free and no reservations are required.
All events are free and open the public and the markets are always open rain or shine.
All events are free and open the public and the markets.
All events are free and open the public.
All events are free and open to all ages and no reservations are required.
All events are free and open to all faculty, staff, and their families.
All events are free and open to all students.
All events are free and open to all.
All events are free and open to anyone with a valid lift ticket or season pass.
All events are free and open to campus and community.
All events are free and open to everyone.
All events are free and open to members of the campus community.
All events are free and open to members of the university community and the general public.
All events are free and open to public.
All events are free and open to scholars, teachers, students and the interested public.
All events are free and open to spectators.
All events are free and open to students and the general public.
All events are free and open to students and the public .
All events are free and open to students.
All events are free and open to the campus community and the public.
All events are free and open to the community.
All events are free and open to the general public.
All events are free and open to the public .
All events are free and open to the public although tickets are required for the evening concert.
All events are free and open to the public and are specifically intended for students and teachers.
All events are free and open to the public but reservations are needed where indicated below.
All events are free and open to the public except where noted.
All events are free and open to the public except where otherwise noted.
All events are free and open to the public unless a fee is listed on the program.
All events are free and open to the public unless noted by an asterisk.
All events are free and open to the public unless noted otherwise.
All events are free and open to the public unless noted.
All events are free and open to the public unless otherwise indicated.
All events are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted .
All events are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All events are free and open to the public unless otherwise stated.
All events are free and open to the public unless specifically stated.
All events are free and open to the public unless stated otherwise.
All events are free and open to the public with no advance reservations required.
All events are free and open to the public, and the gallery is wheelchair accessible.
All events are free and open to the public, but registration is required.
All events are FREE and open to the public, but seating is limited.
All events are free and open to the public, except as noted.
All events are free and open to the public, except for the anniversary luncheon.
All events are free and open to the public, except for two breakfast lectures.
All events are free and open to the public, except where noted.
All events are free and open to the public, unless noted.
All events are free and open to the public, unless otherwise indicated.
All events are free and open to the public, unless otherwise noted.
All events are free and open to the public, unless otherwise stated.
All events are free and open to the public, with ample weekend parking available.
All events are free and open to the public, with handicapped accessibility.
All events are free and open to the public, with meals included, but registration is required.
All events are free and open to the public. . . .
All events are free and open to the public.
All events are Free and open to the public.
All events are FREE and open to the public.
All Events are free and open to the public.
All Events are FREE and OPEN to the public.
All events are free and the festival goes on rain or shine.
All events are free and the public is cordially invited to attend.
All events are free and the public is encouraged to attend.
All events are free and the public is invited to attend.
All events are free and the public is invited.
All events are free and the public is welcome.
All events are free and there is plenty of free parking.
All events are free at the New Moon Festival.
All events are free but reservations are suggested as space is limited.
All events are free but seating is limited.
All events are free except as noted.
All events are free except where noted, and open to the public.
All events are free for spectators.
All events are free including admission.
All events are free of admission charges unless otherwise noted.
All events are free of charge and everyone is welcome to participate.
All events are free of charge and open to the public .
All events are free of charge and open to the public, unless otherwise indicated.
All events are free of charge and open to the public.
All events are free of charge and open to the surrounding community.
All events are free of charge for current students.
All events are free of charge to business students.
All events are free of charge unless otherwise noted.
All events are free of charge unless otherwise posted.
All events are free of charge unless specified otherwise.
All events are FREE of charge unless specified.
All events are free of charge, and anyone is welcome to attend.
All events are free of charge, but booking is essential.
All events are free of charge.
All events are free of cost.
All events are free or for a minimal donation to the sponsoring organization.
All events are free or require a minimum-beverage purchase unless otherwise noted.
All events are free to all faculty and staff.
All events are free to city of Boulder residents of middle school or high school age.
All events are free to enter.
All events are free to fulltime students with an I.D. card.
All events are free to members unless otherwise noted.
All events are free to members, unless otherwise noted.
All events are free to members.
All events are free to museum visitors.
All events are free to spectators.
All events are free to students.
All events are free to the public unless otherwise indicated.
All events are free to the public unless otherwise noted.
All events are free to the public, and are educationally valuable.
All events are free to the public, with the exception of the food fair.
All events are free to the public.
ALL events are free to the public.
All events are free unless indicated otherwise.
All events are free unless noted and are subject to change.
All events are free unless noted otherwise.
All events are free unless otherwise indicated.
All events are free unless otherwise noted, open to the public, and are physically accessible.
All events are free unless otherwise noted.
All events are FREE unless otherwise noted.
All Events are FREE unless otherwise noted.
All events are free unless otherwise specified.
All events are free unless otherwise stated.
All events are FREE unless otherwise stated.
All events are free with admission to the museum.
All events are free with garden admission.
All events are free with museum admission unless otherwise stated.
All events are free with museum admission.
All events are free with paid admission to one museum.
All events are free with paid admission to the fair.
All events are free with park admission unless otherwise noted.
All events are free with regular admission.
All events are free with the cost of admission.
All events are free, accessible and open to the public.
All events are free, and brown bag lunches are welcome.
All events are free, and no reservations or tickets are required.
All events are free, and open to the public.
All events are free, and so is parking in coliseum lots.
All events are free, and the public is invited to attend.
All events are free, and the public is invited.
All events are free, and there is no obligation to enroll.
All events are free, and visitors number in the tens of thousands.
All events are FREE, but most require advanced registration.
All events are free, but pre-registration is requested.
All events are free, but registration is required for some presentations.
All events are free, but registration is required in order to receive materials.
All events are free, but reservations encouraged .
All events are free, but space is limited and reservations are recommended for some programs.
All events are free, but there is a nominal parking fee.
All events are free, except as noted.
All events are free, except for the dinner, and open to the public.
All events are free, including an autograph session after the football game.
All events are free, open to the public and accessible.
All events are free, open to the public and for all ages.
All events are free, open to the public and wheelchair accessible.
All events are free, open to the public and wheelchair-accessible.
All events are free, open to the public, and fully appropriate for the whole family.
All events are free, unless noted in the event description.
All events are free, unless noted.
All events are FREE, unless noted.
All events are free, unless otherwise indicated, and are open to the public.
All events are free, unless otherwise indicated, and open to the public.
All events are free, unless otherwise indicated.
All events are free, unless otherwise noted, and open to the public.
All events are free, unless otherwise noted.
All events are free, unless visitors purchase books at the book sale.
All events are free, wheelchair accessible, and open to the public.
All events are free, with the exception of meals.
All events are free.
All Events Are Free.
All events are fun and anyone of any age can easily participate.
All events are hot-linked to a web reference.
All events are important to the narrative.
All events are in a single file, and are sent in local time.
All events are in actuality, small fuzzy regions rather than mathematical points with zero size.
All events are in Arabic unless otherwise stated.
All events are in chronological order.
All events are in downtown Iowa City.
All events are in English unless otherwise stated.
All events are in English.
All events are in Erie, Pennsylvania unless otherwise stated.
All events are in Jacksonville unless otherwise noted.
All events are in Newton, Massachusetts unless otherwise noted.
All events are in North Carolina unless otherwise indicated.
All events are in Pennsylvania unless otherwise specified.
All events are in recognition of history and diversity as well as a celebration of unity.
All events are in Seattle unless otherwise noted.
All events are in the conference room in the back of the building.
All events are in the evening unless otherwise stated.
All events are in the horse barn.
All events are in the larger context of our love, concern, and respect for each person.
All events are in Victoria, Australia unless otherwise stated.
All events are in walking distance from the hotel.
All events are in Washington unless otherwise indicated.
All events are in yards.
All events are inclusive and all races are welcome to come together in a social environment.
All events are kid's pitch.
All events are live unless otherwise indicated.
All events are mixed men's and women's.
All events are mixed unless otherwise noted.
All events are monthly.
All events are natural and uniformitarian.
All events are near the West Gymnasium.
All events are non-alcoholic.
All events are non-competitive with volkssporters choosing the sport, the distance and the pace.
All events are noncompetitive.
All events are nondestructive to the robots.
All events are non-ticketed general seating.
All events are official tournaments of the World Billfish Series.
All events are on as scheduled.
All events are on campus and admission is open to the general public for a fee.
All events are on rain or shine, freezing or thaw.
All events are on sale now.
All events are on the central Berkeley campus except as noted below.
All events are on the college campus.
All events are on Thursdays on the times and dates below.
All events are on Wednesdays unless otherwise noted.
All events are open and free of charge to the public.
All events are open and free to the public.
All events are open free to the public.
All events are open seating and available on a first come first serve basis.
All events are open to all alumni.
All events are open to all participants.
All events are open to alumni.
All Events are open to any and all students.
All events are open to any boy or girl.
All events are open to both members and tenants.
All events are open to both men and women unless otherwise indicated.
All events are open to both men and women.
All events are open to both sailboat owners and non-sailboat owners.
All events are open to delegations, Secretariat staff, non-governmental organizations and the media.
All events are open to everyone, faculty, staff, students.
All events are open to everyone.
All events are open to faculty and staff as well as students.
All events are open to grantmakers only.
All events are open to interested alumni.
All events are open to juniors and seniors of both sexes.
All events are open to members and their guests.
All events are open to men and women.
All events are open to press unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to spectators.
All events are open to students that have free time or attend with their class.
All events are open to the campus and public.
All events are open to the campus community.
All events are open to the college community without charge.
All events are open to the community.
All events are open to the general public and admission is free unless otherwise stated.
All events are open to the general public and free of charge.
All events are open to the general public as well as students from across Hampton Roads.
All events are open to the general public.
All events are open to the media and public.
All events are open to the media.
All events are open to the news media.
All events are open to the press and public.
All events are open to the press.
All events are open to the public and admission is free.
All events are open to the public and are free of charge.
All events are open to the public and are free or have a nominal charge for admission.
All events are open to the public and are free unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public and are free.
All events are open to the public and conducted in English unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public and credentialed members of the media.
All events are open to the public and everyone is welcome.
All events are open to the public and free of admission.
All events are open to the public and free of charge unless otherwise indicated.
All events are open to the public and free of charge, but donations are welcome.
All events are open to the public and free of charge.
All events are open to the public and FREE of charge.
All events are open to the public and free unless otherwise indicated.
All events are open to the public and free unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public and free, unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public and free, with the exception of optional meal costs.
All events are open to the public and many are free of charge.
All events are open to the public and many are free or ask for a charitable donation.
All events are open to the public and most are free of charge.
All events are open to the public and most are free.
All events are open to the public and most, except for luncheons and dinners, are free of charge.
All events are open to the public and provide free refreshments.
All events are open to the public and the surrounding school communities.
All events are open to the public and there is no admission charge.
All events are open to the public and, unless otherwise noted, are free.
All events are open to the public and, with the exception of the concert, free.
All events are open to the public at a nominal admission charge.
All events are open to the public at no charge and are wheelchair accessible.
All events are open to the public at no charge unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public at no charge.
All events are open to the public at no cost.
All events are open to the public free of charge unless otherwise indicated.
All events are open to the public free of charge, subject to the availability of seating.
All events are open to the public free of charge.
All events are open to the public on a subscription or ticket basis.
All events are open to the public to watch, often at no charge.
All events are open to the public unless otherwise indicated.
All events are open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public with no charge except the brunch and the football game.
All events are open to the public without charge unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public without charge.
All events are open to the public without discrimination and typically are free.
All events are open to the public, and all events except for the scholarship banquet are free.
All events are open to the public, and are free of charge unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public, and most events are free.
All events are open to the public, and no admission fees are charged.
All events are open to the public, at no charge unless otherwise indicated.
All events are open to the public, but advance registration and payment of fees are required.
All events are open to the public, but seating is limited.
All events are open to the public, free of charge, unless an admission fee is specifically stated.
All events are open to the public, free of charge.
All events are open to the public, particularly high school students.
All events are open to the public, so students learn how to perform in front of an audience.
All events are open to the public, unless otherwise noted.
All events are open to the public, who are welcome to attend.
All events are open to the public.
All Events are open to the public.
All events are open to the publicv.
All events are open to the viewing public.
All events are open to thepublic and free of charge, unless noted.
All events are open, to the general public.
All events are open.
All events are outdoors in the amphitheater and are weather permitting.
All events are outdoors.
All events are part of a historical process.
All events are pre-seeded timed finals.
All events are professional and safe.
All events are public.
All events are rain or shine.
All events are relational.
All events are searchable by keyword, topic, state, and date.
All events are serious to temporal lobe epileptics.
All events are sign language interpreted for the deaf .
All events are smoke and alcohol free.
All events are solo acoustic gigs unless otherwise specified.
All events are solo performances unless otherwise noted.
All events are space limited.
All events are spectator friendly.
All events are speculative and depend on participation.
All events are stroke play.
All events are subject to availability.
All events are subject to cancellation or changes.
All events are subject to cancellation pending adequate registration.
All Events are subject to cancellation pending adequate registration.
All events are subject to cancellation without prior notice.
All events are subject to change - please confirm with event entry form.
All events are subject to change .
All events are subject to change and cancellation.
All events are subject to change as the date gets nearer.
All events are subject to change at any time at the discretion of the organizers.
All events are subject to change based on participation.
All events are subject to change because they usually do.
All events are subject to change by individual promoters.
All events are subject to change due to inclement weather conditions.
All Events are subject to change due to weather and other circumstances.
All events are subject to change in dates, times, and prices.
All events are subject to change or cancellation.
All events are subject to change or weather conditions, please call for updated information.
All events are subject to change without notice, and additional events are still being confirmed.
All events are subject to change without notice.
All Events are subject to change without notice.
All events are subject to change without notification.
All events are subject to change without prior notice.
All events are subject to change, cancellation or substitution.
All events are subject to change, please call in advance to confirm the date and time of all events.
All events are subject to change, please check back as the day approaches.
All events are subject to change, so please call the numbers provided for the latest schedules.
All events are subject to change, so please call the venues for the latest schedules.
All events are subject to change.
All Events are subject to change.
All events are subject to changes and availability.
All events are subject to changes.
All events are subject to event date changes or cancellations.
All events are subject to forest closure.
All events are subject to last minute changes.
All events are subject to last-minute cancellation due to weather and safety conditions.
All events are subject to last-minute changes.
All events are subject to pre-registration.
All events are subject to review before being posted.
All events are subject to schedule changes.
All events are subject to scheduling changes.
All events are subject to state sales tax.
All events are subject to the weather and atmospheric conditions.
All events are subject to weather.
All events are swum in long course meters.
All events are tentative and maybe changed to best suit our members.
All events are tentative and subject to change.
All events are tentative and therefore subject to change.
All events are tentatively schedule and subject to change.
All events are the sole responsibility of the sponsor.
All events are ticket events except the rock climb, hot air balloon rides and carnival games.
All events are times finals.
All events are time-stamped so that usage trends can be gauged and graphed with respect to time.
All events are time-tagged, and subscribers can determine whether event data arrives in time.
All events are to be open to the public.
All events are true.
All events are under cover.
All events are usually free and open to the public.
All events are voluntary.
All events are weather dependant.
All events are weather dependent.
All events are weather-dependent.
All events are welcome and free of charge.
All events are well established and attract the finest exhibitors.
All events are wheelchair accessible unless indicated.
All events are wheel-chair accessible unless otherwise noted.
All events are wheelchair accessible.
All events are wheelchair-accessible.
All events are within walking distance from the hotel.
All events are within walking distance, and shuttle-bus service is also available.
All events are work-run events.
All events associated with Soul Solidarity Day are free and open to the public.
All events associated with Visibility Week are free and open to all students and staff.
All events below are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All Events Below is the schedule of All Events.
All events benefit a local charity or non-profit organization.
All events bubble up through the document hierarchy.
All Events calendars.
All events can benefit from fresh marketing approaches to provide growth and improvement.
All events celebrating the dedication are free and open to the public.
All events charging admission are subject to percentage of gross ticket sales.
All Events Click on the calendar icon to view event details.
All events combine enjoyment and experience.
All events come from providers who sell tickets online.
All events count towards the Manufacturer Championship.
All events depend exclusively on the human-plant interaction.
All events described in the play are as they happened.
All events discussed within the sessions are confidential.
All events emphasize the marriage of wine with food.
All events end at midnight.
All events entail shooting from standing as well as prone positions.
All events feature live music and are designed for all levels of dancers.
All events feature white tablecloths and napkins, fine china and silverware.
All events focus on provocative and timely topics related to cultural diversity.
All events generated by the device carry a time stamp.
All events go through the form's prefilter, and external events can go to the form twice.
All events have a beginner raffle.
All events have a concession.
All events have a crosstable which summarizes the results for the event.
All events have a description of the event and a full programme.
All events have a maximum number of competitors.
All events have a sign-up deadline.
All events have ample parking available.
All events have availability unless otherwise noted.
All events have causes.
All events have class size limits.
All events have consequences over future events.
All events have different propagation velocity.
All events have limited capacity.
All events have limited tickets available.
All events have natural causes.
All events have rhythm.
All events have roots in skills and activities that are part of traditional logging operations.
All events have three divisions, men's, women's and co-ed.
All events held in the venue are benefits for action groups.
All events here advertised are subject to change without notice.
All events involve teams of two or more students.
All events link through to detailed information.
All events list here.
All events listed above are for informational purposes only.
All events listed are booksignings unless otherwise noted.
All events listed are free and open to the public.
All events listed are free of charge.
All events listed are FREE of charge.
All events listed are free unless otherwise noted.
All events listed are open to entry by participants of all standards.
All events listed are open to the public free of charge.
All events listed are open to the public unless listed as 'closed' under 'admission'.
All events listed are open to the public.
All events listed are subject to change at any time.
All events listed are subject to change.
All events listed below are are free and open to the public unless noted.
All events listed below are free admission unless otherwise noted.
All events listed below are open to participation by U.S. companies.
All events listed below are open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All events listed below are open to the public, and, unless otherwise noted, free of charge.
All events listed below are religious ceremonies.
All events listed in Things to Do are open to the public.
All events listed take place at the dark limb.
All events mentioned above are accessible for the general public.
All events occur and exist simultaneously.
All events occur between noon and one o'clock in the afternoon and are free and open to everyone .
All events occur simultaneously.
All events offer opportunities for people to get rid of unwanted paint, pesticides and solvents.
All events offer the highest quality art and fine crafts in the Hawaiian Islands.
All events planned for the weekend are open to the public.
All events portrayed are ficticious.
All events progress, including successful ones, and, consequently, successes eventually fail.
All events promise pleasant satisfaction, or tortuous pleasure.
All Events rely on the participation, support, and dedication of members.
All events require a security deposit.
All events require a telescope for viewing.
All events require advance reservations by credit card due to limited seating.
All events require advance reservations.
All Events require an Inn supervisor to attend well as a certain amount of service staff.
All events require approved helmets.
All events require payment in advance.
All events require payment through the registration process.
All events require pre-registration.
All events require proper dress.
All events require registration or tickets in advance.
All events require registration.
All events require reservations unless otherwise noted.
All events run on selected dates.
All events scheduled above are subject to change.
All events scheduled are subject to alteration.
All events seem entirely loose and separate.
All events sell out fast, so call now.
All events sponsored by the center are free and open to the public.
All events sponsored by the pacific basin institute are free of charge and open to the public.
All events start and finish in Grant Park.
All events start at club grounds.
All events start on time.
All events take place along the New River and are free.
All events take place at Barkers Island, in the historic port town of Superior, Wisconsin .
All events take place at the ASDC , unless otherwise noted.
All events take place at the center.
All events take place at the Loft and are wheelchair accessible, unless otherwise indicated.
All events take place at the museum, and are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All events take place during the noon hour.
All events take place in Columbia, MD unless otherwise noted.
All events take place in Mexico City unless otherwise indicated.
All events take place in the Phoenix metropolitan area.
All events take place in the rural farming communities outside of Denver.
All events take place in the safe zone.
All events take place in the town of Jackson unless otherwise noted.
All events take place on the SDSU campus and are free and open to the public.
All events take place rain or shine.
All events take place today except where otherwise noted.
All events take the place of something else.
All events welcome sponsors and offer special recognition and publicity.
All events welcome visitors and nonmembers.
All events welcome.
All events written in purple on the news page are pledge events.
Any event bearing any resemblance to the truth is purely coincidental.
Any event can call the window launching function.
Any event can have a label.
Any event depends on allotment the most effective numerous advantageous a.
Any event held on a beach with a concession also requires notification of the concessionaire.
Any event held to increase sales and traffic is a promotion.
Any event is a good reason to have a luau.
Any event is seen as the responsibility of the extended family .
Any event is the result of the causes and conditions that led up to it.
Any event is welcome providing it is legal , decent and truthful.
Any event patternings that become locally regenerative are constellar patterns.
Any event requires detailed planning.
Any events listed are links that can be clicked on for details.
Any events listed in packages are subject to change and cancellation at any time.
Every event aims at reaching the television or cinema screen or at becoming a photograph.
Every event becomes grist to the photographic mill.
Every event brings with it a unique set of circumstances.
Every event can optionally play a unique wav file.
Every event comes from a oneness and everything on earth is a symbol of that oneness.
Every event contains up to three commands.
Every event delivers targeted, integrated content, with interaction and debate encouraged.
Every event exists to expose another layer of the soul.
Every event has a cause' is a typical transcendental statement.
Every event has a cause.
Every event has a corresponding consuming function which handles the event and consumes it.
Every event has a definite cause behind it.
Every event has a Note.
Every event has a number of courses, each aimed at a different skill level.
Every event has a preceeding cause.
Every event has a separate girls and boys division.
Every event has a somewhat different and distinct character.
Every event has a source object, from which the event originated.
Every event has a time limit.
Every event has at least one host or hostess to greet participants and make introductions.
Every event has at least one unanticipated glitch - big or small.
Every event has one.
Every event has some great individuals.
Every event has something to do with the guys.
Every event has their own type of atmosphere.
Every event has to be interpreted with the whole in mind.
Every event here has an outstanding competitor.
Every event holds the seed of a positive message or meaning.
Every event is a birth and have inside the inconstancy.
Every event is a learning opportunity.
Every event is a special event , but some events require onsite preparation.
Every event is a touch off center.
Every event is a universal event and is valid to the whole cosmos.
Every event is an individual and independent event.
Every event is caused or paralleled by specific gene expression changes.
Every event is caused.
Every event is contingent upon a preceding condition.
Every event is crazy.
Every event is different.
Every event is eternal, in a sense.
Every event is fiction material.
Every event is generated by a component, which is called the target of the event.
Every event is given a personal touch.
Every event is given individual consideration and individual care.
Every event is important and leads to the next event, but two experiences stand out.
Every event is important to the story and is told in order.
Every event is important.
Every event is improved when parents share the responsibilities.
Every event is independent of every other event.
Every event is initiated by a user.
Every event is linked to animations or to useful additional information.
Every event is local in a sense, because it has to be held somewhere.
Every event is open to the public and free.
Every event is personalized to meet the individual needs of each client.
Every event is posted in chronological order within our calendar.
Every event is precipitated by a prior event.
Every event is reviewed to ensure it adheres to our general criteria.
Every event is run by volunteers.
Every event is shown in the corresponding template.
Every event is special and eachevent requires a different approach.
Every event is still different and there are different processes.
Every event is the result of necessity.
Every event is time and date stamped, held in an incident log and viewable from the LCD display.
Every event is truly unique.
Every event is unique.
Every event is very much there, in history.
Every event leaves the reenactor with something new to think about.
Every event listed has that little something different which makes it pleasing to remember.
Every event needs a manager.
Every event needs careful planning an even better execution.
Every event occurs at a location somewhere in the world.
Every event offers courses of different distances and with different technical challenges.
Every event provides for a team of at least two students.
Every event scheduled to build campus community reaches far short of that goal.
Every event seems sudden and unexpected.
Every event speaks of something having happened in the past, or something to come in the future.
Every event starts with the name, the date, and the respective campaign of it in the title.
Every event varies in duration, location and intensity.
Many events alter or reduce food tolerance.
Many events are after hours or weekends.
Many events are already well into the planning phase.
Many events are also open to interested community members.
Many events are away from home so athletes travel often.
Many events are by membership or invitation only.
Many events are either free or very reasonably priced.
Many events are free and most offer a lesson beforehand in the six-count basic steps.
Many events are free and open to the public.
Many events are free but still require advance registration.
Many events are free of charge to youth.
Many events are free or affordable for college students.
Many events are free or affordable for students.
Many events are free or have nominal charges.
Many events are free or low cost.
Many events are free or priced for the student budget.
Many events are free to members.
Many events are free to students.
Many events are free with museum admission.
Many events are free, and all are open to the public.
Many events are free, and ticketed events are reasonably priced.
Many events are free, and visitors are welcome.
Many events are free, making the day very family-friendly.
Many events are FREE, the rest offer exceptional value.
Many events are free, though some do have nominal charges.
Many events are free, though some have nominal charges.
Many events are free, ticket prices vary.
Many events are free.
Many events are fund-raisers.
Many events are in houses of worship.
Many events are in the Palm Springs area.
Many events are more successful and allow for socialization when food is served.
Many events are most accessible by walking.
Many events are open free to the public.
Many events are open to anyone exploring cohousing and community living.
Many events are open to non-members.
Many events are open to sponsors.
Many events are open to the general public.
Many events are open to the public.
Many events are organised to raise money for charity.
Many events are temple and community-wide.
Many events are unavoidable and beyond our power to control.
Many events are unimportant, or the order is unclear.
Many events are unnecessary.
Many events are wheelchair-accessable to accomodate the disabled.
Many events are without cost for crime scene professionals.
Many events can cause the lining of the digestive tract to become irritated.
Many events can effect the lives of young people today.
Many events can involve entire families.
Many events can occur prior to trial.
Many events can occur within one clock cycle.
Many events cancelled, many put on hold indefinitely.
Many events cause the card to be removed from the game after use.
Many events compete for public attention and participation.
Many events do sell out each year.
Many events feature nationally and internationally-known trainers and instructors.
Many events feature students and are free.
Many events fill quickly, so please apply right away.
Many events fill up fast.
Many events follow sequential patterns without being causally related.
Many events go unreported in any other single publication or service.
Many events happen approx.
Many events happen throughout the week.
Many events have a special craft and games section for children.
Many events have a web address to go to for further information.
Many events have both adult and children's divisions.
Many events have discounts for children, a few have discounts for seniors.
Many events have hot links for additional online information.
Many events have links to further information.
Many events have links to pages giving more information.
Many events have timestamps that indicate when the server actually generated the events.
Many events have yet to be added to the point totals.
Many events involve motor action from the perceiver that is related to action by others.
Many events lead up to a crime event.
Many events list their requirements in newspaper ads, promotional flyers and printed programs.
Many events listed are free.
Many events mix professional and amateur participants .
Many events mix professional and amateur participants.
Many events now have their own websites to give information about tickets, hotels, etc.
Many events occur during software development.
Many events occur in Albany County throughout the year.
Many events occur in life that warrant a redesigning of our lives.
Many events occur on the campus.
Many events occur on week nights or weekends.
Many events offer both an award and a hatpin.
Many events offer free or discounted admission to site users.
Many events offer free tickets to students.
Many events offer opportunities to request additional information from partners or sponsors.
Many events offer special reduced rates for members.
Many events performed from the time of inauguration are here.
Many events provide bagels, yogurt or other good post-race foods.
Many events require a button for admission.
Many events require special event permits and city services support.
Many events require the concrete floor rather than dirt.
Many events sell out at the door in the hour before the screening.
Many events sell out, and all events are looked forward to by our audiences.
Many events show composite behavior.
Many events stand out which exemplify the curiosity and vitality of the group of perspectives.
Many events take place at speeds which are too fast for normal high speed cameras to capture.
Many events take place at the site throughout the year.
Many events take place at the wall such as religious gatherings and celebrations.
Many events take place during the year.
Many events take place here throughout the year.
Many events take place here, it is the campus central focal point.
Many events take place in the Iron River or surrounding cities.
Many events take place in the store.
Many events take place in the town.
Many events take place in Waterfront Park.
Many events take place through out the season.
Many events take place throughout the country including parades and fireworks.
Many events take place throughout the week.
Many events take place throughout the year.
Many events take place, but duration of each event differs.
Many events understand the concept.
More events are being added each day, so be sure to check back often.
More events are being scheduled for the coming months, so stay tuned.
More events are in the pipeline for next year.
More events are in the works.
More events are on the way.
More events are on their way.
More events are planned later for Texas, Florida, California, Minnesota, Illinois and Pennsylvania.
More events are to be added as they become available.
More events are under planning.
More events Get details on recent launches, partnerships and more in our Press Release area.
More events have yet to be announced.
More events occur and affect the course of the game.
More events occur during the afternoon and evening then any other time of day.
Most event runs one or two time blocks with a few lasting longer.
Most events affect calf survival.
Most events affect individuals.
Most events affect industries.
Most events affect life.
Most events affect survival.
Most events allow analyses.
Most events allow individuals to bring old tires and used car batteries.
Most events also contain a time member, which is the time at which an event occurred.
Most events alter availability.
Most events alter resource availability.
Most events appear to be self-limiting.
Most events are also open to the public for competition registration.
Most events are ambiguous.
Most events are casual, i.e. golf shirts for men, walking shorts or pants for ladies.
Most events are caused by environmental factors.
Most events are caused by factors.
Most events are caused by motion.
Most events are dependent on weather.
Most events are either free or offered at a reasonable admission charge.
Most events are fee.
Most events are for Christian homeschool parents.
Most events are for conventioneers only, but some performances are planned for the public.
Most events are free and all are open to students, their family members and the community.
Most events are free and all are open to the public.
Most events are FREE and all are open to the public.
Most events are free and are open to the public.
Most Events are free and available to all age groups.
Most events are free and family-oriented.
Most events are free and open to the entire campus.
Most events are free and open to the public.
Most events are free and open to the surrounding community.
Most events are free and the campus community is welcome.
Most events are free and the remainder charge only nominal fees.
Most events are free but donations are expectable anytime.
Most events are free but registration is required to ensure seating.
Most events are free but there are some that have a fee.
Most events are free of charge and accessible.
Most events are free of charge and open to the general public.
Most events are free of charge, however a small entry fee applies to some.
Most events are free of charge.
Most events are free or cost very little and are open to the public.
Most events are free or discounted and open to the public.
Most events are free or have a nominal fee.
Most events are free or low-cost and are open to the public.
Most events are free or low-cost and great for all ages.
Most events are free or require a minimal fee.
Most events are free thanks to our local sponsors.
Most events are free to attend, but a donation towards costs is appreciated.
Most events are free to graduate students.
Most events are free to members.
Most events are free to public.
Most events are free to the public.
Most events are free unless otherwise noted.
Most events are free, although some require advance booking due to their popularity.
Most events are free, although some workshops have a nominal materials charge.
Most events are free, and all are open to the public.
Most events are free, and open to the general public, thanks to our generous sponsors.
Most events are free, but reservations are required.
Most events are free, open to all majors, and include refreshments.
Most events are free, taking place in well - loved public open spaces.
Most events are free, unless otherwise noted, and all are open to the public.
Most events are free, unless otherwise noted, and are open to the public.
Most events are free, unless otherwise noted.
Most events are free.
Most Events are free.
Most events are in DC, but there are events in MD and VA as well.
Most events are in sequence.
Most events are in the form of special sessions at annual meetings.
Most events are individual stroke play using a stableford scoring method.
Most events are less than one hour long and give less than one-tenth inch of rain.
Most events are much smaller, but the techniques are similar.
Most events are of general importance too.
Most events are on a cost recovery basis through fees charged participants.
Most events are on weekends.
Most events are open only to registered participants in the workshop.
Most events are open to all grades of medical, health care and scientific staff and to students.
Most events are open to all students, and many are free of charge.
Most events are open to everyone.
Most events are open to non-members as well.
Most events are open to the public .
Most events are open to the public, and many are free of charge.
Most events are open to the public.
Most events are open to the working press on assignment to cover the convention.
Most events are relays.
Most Events are simple enough that they only contain the core information.
Most events are two-division A and B with the scores of each division added for a final team score.
Most events are unimportant or out of order.
Most events are within an hour's drive and include many nationally ranked teams.
Most events are, in fact, free.
Most events become causes.
Most events begin at scheduled times and venues are cleared between performances.
Most events begin at scheduled times, and venues are cleared between performances.
Most events begin with a standing start or a rolling start.
Most events bring joys.
Most events bring spectators.
Most events cause events.
Most events cause movement.
Most events cause production.
Most events change environments.
Most events change over time.
Most events come in pairs.
Most events contain a time member, which is the time at which an event occurred.
Most events contain an element of education in the mix of celebratory patriotism.
Most events create imbalances.
Most events depend on nice weather.
Most events depend on weather.
Most events depicted in the dayboxes are visible to the unaided eye.
Most events feature leaders.
Most events focus on the increasing of understand of one tradition.
Most events focus on the United States.
Most events follow a standard schedule, as follows.
Most events follow thoughts.
Most events happen in first places.
Most events happen in life.
Most events happen in places.
Most events happen in same places.
Most events happen in towns.
Most events have a brief description on the day they occur.
Most events have a limited life span.
Most events have a sign-up deadline two days prior.
Most events have a theme and are followed by a social event.
Most events have adverse consequences.
Most events have between three and six runs on course.
Most events have commentary from the press.
Most events have consequences.
Most events have different Directors.
Most events have enormous pressure.
Most events have environmental impact.
Most events have free parking.
Most events have genetic consequences.
Most events have have causes.
Most events have immediate consequences.
Most events have impact.
Most events have limited space available .
Most events have little impact.
Most events have magnitudes.
Most events have no fee.
Most events have only eight entrants in the finals so everyone who makes it scores for their team.
Most events have only one cause.
Most events have outcomes.
Most events have pressure.
Most events have properties.
Most events have special pieces that are available only through event-day.
Most events have student discount tickets.
Most events have term impact.
Most events have uncertainty.
Most events here are free.
Most events impact other events.
Most events involve activities.
Most events involve division.
Most events involve large dams and small amounts of seismicity.
Most events involve operations.
Most events lead to conclusions.
Most events lead to consequences.
Most events lead to expansion.
Most events lead to general conclusions.
Most events lead to incidents.
Most events lead to range expansion.
Most events lead to rapid expansion.
Most events lead to rapid range expansion.
Most events lead to scenarios.
Most events lead to segregation.
Most events lead to stories.
Most events lead up to asteroid impact.
Most events lead up to impact.
Most events link to related information from the calendar.
Most events listed are in Ireland, but the links list is international.
Most events listed are open to the public and a great way to meet new friends with common interests.
Most events listed are tentative and subject to change.
Most events listed below are free to state and local government employees.
Most events listed here are open to everyone.
Most events occur at same time.
Most events occur at time.
Most events occur during climate conditions.
Most events occur during conditions.
Most events occur during eras.
Most events occur during favorable climate conditions.
Most events occur during favorable conditions.
Most events occur during life.
Most events occur during periods.
Most events occur in areas.
Most events occur in cities.
Most events occur in consistent patterns.
Most events occur in development.
Most events occur in environments.
Most events occur in habitats.
Most events occur in life.
Most events occur in pasts.
Most events occur in patterns.
Most events occur in periods.
Most events occur in same areas.
Most events occur in same vicinities.
Most events occur in short time.
Most events occur in stages.
Most events occur in the evening and on weekends.
Most events occur in time.
Most events occur in vicinities.
Most events occur on campus or involve the surrounding beauty of the coast of Maine.
Most events occur over geologic time.
Most events occur over periods.
Most events occur over short evolutionary periods.
Most events occur over short periods.
Most events occur over time periods.
Most events occur over time.
Most events occur over year periods.
Most events occur within periods.
Most events occur within week periods.
Most events occur within years.
Most events play major roles.
Most events play roles.
Most events raise awareness.
Most events require a wide variety of music.
Most events require actions.
Most events require attention.
Most events require members to give a presentation to explain their project.
Most events require payment in advance.
Most events require such actions.
Most events require the services of a sound-system technician from the Fellowship.
Most events require tins in boxes.
Most events require two or three sponsors.
Most events require volunteers to purchase a uniform, typically a golf shirt and slacks.
Most events reserve the equivalent date for the following year during their current event.
Most events result from causes.
Most events result from interaction.
Most events result from natural causes.
Most events result in abnormal events.
Most events result in actions.
Most events result in death.
Most events result in development.
Most events result in events.
Most events show composite behavior.
Most events show hardening of the energy spectrum near the burst peak.
Most events show up on the site within an hour's time.
Most events sponsored by the school are open to the public without charge.
Most events suit all ages and are free or low cost.
Most events take place in late afternoon or early evening.
Most events take place in the Coliseum.
Most events take place on weekends.
Most events take places.
Most events take very very little to organize.
Most events tend to fill up quickly so early registration is requested.
Most events trigger embryonic development.
Most events trigger more fission events.
Some event occurs when the particular circumstances for a control change.
Some events affect agricultural areas.
Some events affect areas.
Some events affect communities.
Some events affect entire communities.
Some events affect environments.
Some events affect hormones.
Some events affect marine environments.
Some events affect migration.
Some events affect safety.
Some events affect weather.
Some events already accept entries on-line from their web page.
Some events also like to have additional items such as photographs or a synopsis.
Some events alter permeability.
Some events appeal to the entire family, for example picnics and seasonal parties.
Some events appear to be good and some incidents seem to be bad.
Some events are also open to guests.
Some events are also open to the public.
Some events are amazing and others downright suck.
Some events are available by advance registration only.
Some events are beyond our control.
Some events are by invitation only.
Some events are by ticket only.
Some events are campouts.
Some events are caused by abnormalities.
Some events are caused by cardiovascular diseases.
Some events are caused by chromosomal abnormalities.
Some events are caused by contact.
Some events are caused by diseases.
Some events are caused by red tide.
Some events are caused by tide.
Some events are caused by warm water.
Some events are caused by water.
Some events are caused by weather.
Some events are complex and co-fated .
Some events are cyclical and cause stress each time they come around.
Some events are educational, while others are more informal.
Some events are enjoyable exercises in skill, while others are tedious button-mashing drek.
Some events are even a couple of years out.
Some events are even free.
Some events are even worth reviewing.
Some events are fee-based.
Some events are for members only.
Some events are for men only.
Some events are free and others have individual admission charges.
Some events are free and some have a nominal charge.
Some events are free and some involve the payment of a small fee.
Some events are Free as noted.
Some events are free to the public.
Some events are free, and some charge admission, but are all worth attending.
Some events are free, while others require a fee.
Some events are free.
Some events are fun, others more arduous.
Some events are fundraisers, some beautification projects.
Some events are group experiences.
Some events are held in hotels or theaters, others are small gatherings in homes.
Some events are in locations without water, electricity or any hard surface.
Some events are included here, please visit their site for a more detailed list.
Some events are individually-based and others require group participation.
Some events are inevitable.
Some events are information only events, however, some events require an action be taken.
Some events are large, some small.
Some events are leadership conferences, competition conferences, and many more.
Some events are less frequent than others.
Some events are linear, but many quests can occur out of order.
Some events are links to descriptions of that event or other significant information.
Some events are local, but many entail travel by van or plane.
Some events are more family oriented than others.
Some events are more likely to happen than others, while some events are equally likely.
Some events are more structured, while others can be spontaneous and very informal.
Some events are one day outings while others require traveling out of town for several days.
Some events are only exploratory in nature.
Some events are open only to members of recognized hunts.
Some events are open to non-members at a higher fee.
Some events are open to the public to participate or just watch.
Some events are open to the public while some are exclusively for A.K.Psi members.
Some events are open to the public, by admission or by invitation only.
Some events are open to the public.
Some events are our future, awaiting future planetary development.
Some events are out of order.
Some events are predictable while others are uncertain.
Some events are primarily civilian in nature.
Some events are purely obstacles.
Some events are random.
Some events are really busy.
Some events are sad, others are funny, and all are part of our heritage.
Some events are seasonal and are only open during certain times of the year.
Some events are self directed, others are group functions.
Some events are shocking.
Some events are stressful due to their immediate impact.
Some events are subject to change without notice.
Some events are subject to change.
Some events are subject to suitable weather conditions.
Some events are tentative.
Some events are the talent show, carnival, and buyouts.
Some events are to be held on several different days.
Some events are too serious to be discussed through such channels.
Some events are unexplainable, but the reader has to accept the fantastic and the magic.
Some events are unimportant or are told out of order.
Some events are unrelated to the conflict.
Some events are user-driven, by the press of a key or a click of the mouse.
Some events are very popular and early booking is advised.
Some events are very special, happening only once or twice a lifetime.
Some events are voluntary while others are mandatory.
Some events are weather dependent and are subject to change or cancellation.
Some events are weather dependent.
Some events are weekly, some monthly, some annually, and some just pop up every now and then.
Some events associate with cell death.
Some events associate with death.
Some events associate with fertilization.
Some events associate with mitosis.
Some events associate with thunderstorms.
Some events attract attention.
Some events automatically occur as a result of a state change.
Some events bear repeating.
Some events become landmarks in a person's life.
Some events become nuisances.
Some events bring astronomy.
Some events bring peer groups together, some are intergenerational.
Some events bring rain.
Some events bring tsunamis.
Some events bring weather.
Some events call for a high public profile, some industries prefer to discuss behind closed doors.
Some events call for the very best.
Some events can be programmed, others are unavailable.
Some events can cause a flood of alarms to come to the alarm screen.
Some events can cause the anus to appear darker, such as aging and defecation.
Some events can come to a premature end as the night grows cool.
Some events can have devastate effects.
Some events can have effects.
Some events can have significant effects.
Some events can have similar effects.
Some events carry extra fees for transportation, admittance, etc.
Some events cause chain reaction.
Some events cause damage.
Some events cause disturbances.
Some events cause drought.
Some events cause extinction.
Some events cause fluctuations.
Some events cause further damage.
Some events cause injuries.
Some events cause mass extinction.
Some events cause mortality.
Some events cause mutation.
Some events cause other events.
Some events cause reaction.
Some events cause reductions.
Some events cause resistance.
Some events cause widespread mortality.
Some events change assessments.
Some events change games.
Some events change life.
Some events charge a nominal fee to offset the costs of outside talent and services.
Some events charge fees.
Some events comment on themselves.
Some events create clouds.
Some events create opportunity.
Some events described in the book cry out for more explanation.
Some events do include a charge or a suggested donation for admission.
Some events drive diamond jewelry sales.
Some events drive sales.
Some events even have activities for non golfers who wish to watch portions of the event.
Some events even have extra-curricular activities, such as rock climbing and kayaking.
Some events feature speakers.
Some events fill quickly.
Some events focus on hands-on learning activities that nurture growing minds and busy hands.
Some events follow death.
Some events follow meiosis.
Some events generate tsunamis.
Some events go off sale earlier than close of business.
Some events go on so many years, their purposes and origins become lost to memory.
Some events harm individuals.
Some events have a charge in addition to the regular, daily fees.
Some events have a link to a historical document of that event.
Some events have a modest admission charge, while many are free.
Some events have a participation charge.
Some events have a single sponsor, while others have multiple.
Some events have a small entry fee, but many are free.
Some events have admission charge.
Some events have admission fees, most are free.
Some events have admission fees.
Some events have assets.
Some events have companies that'specialize in selling premium seats.
Some events have cottage or resort-like accommodation.
Some events have depressions.
Some events have devastate effects.
Some events have discounts and special offers, please check the individual event before registering.
Some events have discounts for children.
Some events have distribution.
Some events have economic effects.
Some events have effects.
Some events have limited capacity.
Some events have limited discounts.
Some events have limited space.
Some events have links to more detailed information, pictures and sound bytes.
Some events have mandatory donations.
Some events have more information.
Some events have negative effects.
Some events have no cover, but have charges for parking, admission, lift tickets, etc.
Some events have no specific schedule information.
Some events have on-line registration.
Some events have pre-generated characters, some involve characters generated by the players.
Some events have qualifications.
Some events have registration costs.
Some events have rooms.
Some events have several trails.
Some events have short deadlines for registration so register early.
Some events have significant economic effects.
Some events have significant effects.
Some events have space limitations.
Some events have special pricing.
Some events have the price of parking incorporated into the ticket price.
Some events help forecasters.
Some events help raise funds for special programs or patient services at the hospitals and clinics.
Some events help states.
Some events impact interpretations.
Some events increase likelihood.
Some events increase performance.
Some events incur a small fee just to cover our costs.
Some events indicate explosions.
Some events involve an additional fee, as noted below.
Some events involve fresh water.
Some events involve in development.
Some events involve interaction.
Some events involve manual labor, such as painting houses at the annual Brush Up Sarasota.
Some events involve parents.
Some events involve physical violence.
Some events involve the construction of a device.
Some events involve use.
Some events involve violence.
Some events involve water.
Some events kill dinosaurs.
Some events kill innocent men.
Some events kill manatees.
Some events kill men.
Some events lead to abnormalities.
Some events lead to cell division.
Some events lead to certain diseases.
Some events lead to creations.
Some events lead to damage.
Some events lead to degradations.
Some events lead to development.
Some events lead to disappearances.
Some events lead to diseases.
Some events lead to division.
Some events lead to establishments.
Some events lead to extinction.
Some events lead to grasshopper outbreaks.
Some events lead to injuries.
Some events lead to interaction.
Some events lead to local extinction.
Some events lead to onsets.
Some events lead to outbreaks.
Some events lead to oxidation.
Some events lead to pollution.
Some events lead to production.
Some events lead to productivity.
Some events lead to reductions.
Some events lead to severe outbreaks.
Some events lead to water oxidation.
Some events lead to wounds.
Some events lead up to crashes.
Some events lead up to death.
Some events lead up to subsequent death.
Some events lead up to victories.
Some events lead up to war.
Some events lend themselves to identifying unknowns, etc.
Some events let people leave and return during the event.
Some events listed are out of date, but excellent material nonetheless.
Some events make a difference.
Some events make tsunamis.
Some events mark death.
Some events occur after administration.
Some events occur as results.
Some events occur at origins.
Some events occur at residences.
Some events occur at severity.
Some events occur during development.
Some events occur during embryonic development.
Some events occur during evolution.
Some events occur during expansion.
Some events occur during exploitation.
Some events occur during human development.
Some events occur during landslide.
Some events occur during meiosis.
Some events occur during photosynthesis.
Some events occur during pollination.
Some events occur during regeneration.
Some events occur during reproduction.
Some events occur during resource exploitation.
Some events occur during school, others are after school or in the evening and on weekends.
Some events occur in administration.
Some events occur in concerts.
Some events occur in departments.
Some events occur in irreversible succession.
Some events occur in months.
Some events occur in mushrooms.
Some events occur in rapid succession.
Some events occur in succession.
Some events occur in such rapid succession.
Some events occur in types.
Some events occur in women.
Some events occur on a regular basis.
Some events occur on nights.
Some events occur online while others occur at an actual place.
Some events occur over decades.
Some events occur over months.
Some events occur within primary residences.
Some events occur within residences.
Some events offer fund raising opportunities, while others are purely educational.
Some events organize a social event for speakers and exhibitors.
Some events pose danger.
Some events prevent growth.
Some events produce craters.
Some events produce impact craters.
Some events produce storms.
Some events provide explanations.
Some events provide partial explanations.
Some events publicise or include commercial technology providers or suppliers.
Some events qualify winners to participate in Provincial and National events.
Some events reduce capacity.
Some events reduce diversity.
Some events reduce genetic diversity.
Some events reduce genetic variability.
Some events reduce variability.
Some events regulate onsets.
Some events relate to defects.
Some events relate to reproduction.
Some events relate to use.
Some events require a partner, others are individual.
Some events require a portfolio review prior to registration.
Some events require a small fee while other events are free to all visitors.
Some events require a small fee.
Some events require a ticket.
Some events require advance purchase of tickets.
Some events require advance registration and many have rain dates.
Some events require advanced registration.
Some events require an admission fee for access to the exhibit hall.
Some events require an admission fee, but many have no admission charge.
Some events require an admission fee.
Some events require both badge and tickets.
Some events require ceremony.
Some events require discharge.
Some events require elaborate ceremony.
Some events require exertion.
Some events require eye protection.
Some events require hundreds of volunteers to ensure success.
Some events require incredible exertion.
Some events require modification.
Some events require months of planning and preparation time.
Some events require more stringent guidelines than others.
Some events require paid admission or advance registration.
Some events require paid admission or registration.
Some events require phases.
Some events require pre-registration and have limited seating.
Some events require preregistration.
Some events require pre-registration.
Some events require prior construction and planning by the students.
Some events require prior orientation.
Some events require protection.
Some events require registration.
Some events require reservations.
Some events require services.
Some events require several months notice.
Some events require techniques.
Some events require the SID of a card to be updated.
Some events require the SID of a motherboard to be updated.
Some events require tickets.
Some events result from low pressure.
Some events result from pressure.
Some events result in agricultural production.
Some events result in destruction.
Some events result in eruptions.
Some events result in explosive eruptions.
Some events result in injuries.
Some events result in mortality.
Some events result in production.
Some events show examples.
Some events simply offer a chance to watch movies together or tour gay bars.
Some events spawn a great credentials grab.
Some events still have performance slots open and all events have a waiting list if they are filled.
Some events stray from the conflict and the resolution.
Some events take place on race circuits, which are similar to the environment found at track days.
Some events take place on the Internet.
Some events take place over several hours.
Some events take place prior and after the campaign, but better late than never.
Some events threaten survival.
Some events trigger immediate notification via paging, e-mails, audio or visual alerts.
Some events trigger potential.
Some events turn into cycles.
Some events use a handstamp, or bracelet, or charge a lesser fee for readmission.
Some events use questions generated by faculty members, but most rely on an outside source.
Some events use the club handicap system .
Eventful presidents have little influence on important events that occur during their term.
Events organisers are able to register their event online.
Events times are subject to change.
Eventual acquittal can never adequately obliterate the experience.
All eventual changes have to be performed by the authors.
Eventual consolidation is important.
Eventual death follows.
Eventual death is the usual outcome.
Eventual goal is account executive position.
Eventual goal is to become director of game projects.
Eventual hope is for a norm Position.
Eventual outcome is likely to be congestive cardiac failure.
Eventual perforation is preceded by mucosal ulceration and transmural necrosis.
Eventual plans are to have the phones tune in all kinds of information.
Eventual plans call for the catalog to be searchable through the Internet.
Eventual potential includes corporate chef possibilities for the right person.
Eventual recurrence is almost universal because the causative organism is a normal skin inhabitant.
Eventual victory demands present sacrifice.
Ever energy is encoded, containing information, ever desire becoming belief.
Ever job has things that no one likes.
Ever member is automatically a member of the ladies or men's golf association.
Ever scene is a work of art.
Ever thing dies.
Ever thing is great except the results.
Most everbearing raspberries are of red or yellow type.
Everbearing varieties are preferred.
Everest summit is clouded over.
Evergreen azaleas are also very popular.
Evergreen azaleas are past peak, but some are still very showy.
Evergreen blackberry provides important cover for a variety of wildlife species.
Evergreen blades are green with a large yellow strip down the center.
Evergreen blades turn, curl and twist like a pig's tail.
Evergreen boughs do the trick wonderfully.
Evergreen branches make nice wreaths and twigs can be made into all kinds of things.
Some evergreen bushes grow to height.
Evergreen candytuft is native to Southern Europe and Persia.
Evergreen component is Virginia pine.
Some evergreen conifers retain foliage.
Evergreen daylilies are excellent for southern climates.
Evergreen evergreen is an advertising company.
Evergreen ferns keep their fronds from year to year.
Evergreen foliage is excellent for cutting and shade gardens.
Evergreen foliage provides shelter.
Evergreen foliage provides winter color.
Most evergreen foliage provides shelter.
Evergreen forests are basically tropical rain forests.
Evergreen forests are replaced by deciduous forests as precipitation becomes seasonal.
Evergreen forests begin at the water's edge leading to snow-capped peaks.
Evergreen forests cover much of the island.
Evergreen forests have trees with leaves that stay green all year long.
Evergreen forests tend to have a more varied range of wildlife than the deciduous forests.
Evergreen fruit trees grow in locations.
Evergreen golf is behind the lake, drive around the lake.
Evergreen graduates are successful doing all kinds of work.
Evergreen ground covers stay green all year long, offering their protection throughout the winter.
Evergreen hedges maintain their foliage all winter.
Evergreen hollies do best in partial shade and a protected site.
Most evergreen hollies thrive best in full sun.
Evergreen honeysuckle is more restrained but a sturdy structure is required.
Some evergreen huckleberries occur in climatic zones.
Some evergreen huckleberries occur in zones.
Some evergreen huckleberries require drainage.
Some evergreen huckleberries require excessive drainage.
Evergreen identification is similar to any tree identification.
Evergreen Lake is a man made lake that is located at the west end of main street Evergreen.
Evergreen leaves turn brown at edges and near tips.
Evergreen lodge features modern cabins ranging from one to four bedrooms.
Evergreen matte is our standard stock.
Evergreen needles are in bundles of three or infrequently in bundles of two or four.
Evergreen needles are the solution for a short growing season.
Evergreen needles are thick and often waxy to reduce water loss.
Evergreen needles fall off from old age.
Evergreen needles have a waxy coating that serves as a protectant against wind and drought.
Evergreen needles make the soil porous and improve drainage.
Evergreen needles rain down covering bushes and forming deep layers of duff on the ground.
Evergreen needles survive for some years but eventually fall because of old age.
Some evergreen needles have coats.
Some evergreen needles have waxy coats.
Evergreen Park is a suburb coterminous with the City of Chicago s southern border.
Evergreen place is a share housing for senior citizen.
An evergreen plant is a tracheophyte
Evergreen plants are particularily susceptible.
Evergreen plants are visible year round.
Evergreen plants consist of stems.
Evergreen plants grow to height.
Evergreen plants lose leaves.
Evergreen plants lose water from their leaves even though they are dormant in the winter.
Evergreen plants retain leaves.
Evergreen plants retain their leaves for more than one year.
Evergreen plants retain their leaves throughout the year.
Most evergreen plants consist of stems.
Most evergreen plants grow to height.
Most evergreen plants lose leaves.
Most evergreen plants retain leaves.
Some evergreen plants grow feet.
Some evergreen plants have different strategies.
Some evergreen plants have strategies.
Evergreen shrubs have foliage.
Evergreen shrubs have green foliage.
Evergreen shrubs maintain foliage all year and include yews and junipers.
Most evergreen shrubs have foliage.
Most evergreen shrubs have green foliage.
Some evergreen shrubs have flowers.
Some evergreen shrubs have needles.
Some evergreen shrubs have white flowers.
Evergreen softwoods grow faster than deciduous hardwoods , and can grow to a larger size .
Evergreen softwoods grow faster than deciduous hardwoods, and can grow to a larger size.
Evergreen species are the most tolerant of low light levels.
Evergreen species don t get the same rest period as deciduous species.
Evergreen species have dark, glossy leaves.
Most evergreen species require protection from wind, especially during winter months.
Evergreen students can earn degrees ranging from a bachelor's to a master's.
Evergreen styles stay year after year under private brand or large corporate program.
Evergreen trees are known for foliage that stays green all year.
Evergreen trees are located in forests.
Evergreen trees are much less tolerant of defoliation.
Evergreen trees are much more solid and can be used as walls, screens or backdrops in the landscape.
Evergreen trees are popular plants due to their color in the winter and their landscaping potential.
Evergreen trees attain height.
Evergreen trees bear fruit.
Evergreen trees can provide a landscape with so much beauty and style when properly placed.
Evergreen trees can transplant very well in the fall as long as follow-up moisture is adequate.
Evergreen trees come in a variety of styles and shapes.
Evergreen trees come in all shapes and sizes to fit a variety of spaces.
Evergreen trees exhibit slow nutrient cycling.
Evergreen trees grow height.
Evergreen trees grow in areas.
Evergreen trees grow in shelter areas.
Evergreen trees grow to feet.
Evergreen trees grow up to feet.
Evergreen trees have hard, needle-shaped leaves that stay through the winter.
Evergreen trees have needles, instead of flat leaves, to survive winter hardship.
Evergreen trees keep many of their leaves all year round.
Evergreen trees keep their leaves year round deciduous trees lose their leaves annually.
Evergreen trees make a beautiful backdrop for crabapples or redbuds.
Evergreen trees present a problem because the needles they drop tend to suffocate moss.
Evergreen trees provide excellent cover in wet and windy weather.
Evergreen trees provide landscapes.
Evergreen trees reach height.
Evergreen trees require little or no pruning.
Evergreen trees retain their needles all year round.
Evergreen trees shed leaves.
Evergreen trees shed their older leaves in the spring, rather than the fall.
Evergreen trees surround the home for complete privacy.
Evergreen trees symbolize eternal life.
Evergreen trees work well in the center of the windbreak because they provide year-round benefits.
Many evergreen trees are actually too large for city landscapes.
Most evergreen trees attain height.
Most evergreen trees bear fruit.
Most evergreen trees grow height.
Most evergreen trees grow in areas.
Most evergreen trees grow in shelter areas.
Most evergreen trees grow to feet.
Most evergreen trees grow up to feet.
Most evergreen trees provide landscapes.
Most evergreen trees reach height.
Most evergreen trees shed leaves.
Some evergreen trees belong to families.
Some evergreen trees grow along shores.
Some evergreen trees grow along tidal shores.
Some evergreen trees have needles.
Some evergreen trees reach feet.
Some evergreen trees show growth.
Evergreen twigs are most important.
Evergreen types retain their foliage year-round.
Evergreen varieties have foliage that stays green all winter.
Evergreen Village provides an independent lifestyle within a close, caring community.
Evergreen wood ferns grow to height.
An evergreen is a tracheophyte
Evergreen isa tracheophyte.
Evergreen promotes continuity of life, protection, and prosperity.
Evergreen responds to the needs of the families whose schedules require an early start.
Evergreen shrub to small tree, common escape around homesites.
Evergreen shrub with very compact, spreading growth from the Mediterranean region.
Evergreen spells out an old and problematic argument against religion.
Evergreen strives to provide our customers with help and solutions before and after the purchase.
Evergreen teaches workshops on how to make high impact, low budget videos.
Evergreens act as a natural insulator in the winter by providing a shelter from the wind.
Evergreens again edge the fairway with long wide bunkers at the front right and left of the green.
Evergreens also have wood-burning fireplaces.
Evergreens also offer a wood-burning fireplace.
Evergreens also provide protective cover for wildlife from cold winter winds.
Evergreens are a little different.
Evergreens are able to make food throughout the early and late parts of the growing season.
Evergreens are another popular landscaping choice for the same reason.
Evergreens are beneficial to people, too.
Evergreens are especially effective as windbreaks.
Evergreens are excellent for hedging, since they remain beautiful even in winter.
Evergreens are good for the soul, too.
Evergreens are highly flammable once they begin to dry out.
Evergreens are ideal but deciduous trees work as well.
Evergreens are important to deer.
Evergreens are more susceptible to injury.
Evergreens are much better able to tolerate cold, dry conditions.
Evergreens are particularly good because they provide excellent cover year-round.
Evergreens are plants that retain their foliage and color year-round.
Evergreens are quite comfortable indoors, if they get some fresh air once in a while.
Evergreens are resistant to the disease.
Evergreens are software.
Evergreens are the most notable examples.
Evergreens are trees that have green leaves all year round.
Evergreens are trees.
Evergreens are useful and visually attractive for several reasons.
Evergreens are vascular plants.
Evergreens are very difficult to grow indoors in most areas of the country.
Evergreens are woody plants.
Evergreens attain height.
Evergreens can add many different greens - blue, green, rust, and gold to the garden.
Evergreens can also help people reduce heating costs.
Evergreens can be important landscape elements for birds.
Evergreens can catch fire easily and burn quickly.
Evergreens can cope with much less water than broadleaf trees.
Evergreens can take the form of trees, shrubs, and ground covers.
Evergreens can wait longer because they tend to bud later.
Evergreens do a good job of hiding heat pumps, dog runs or garbage cans year-round.
Evergreens dominate in the winter.
Evergreens fill in for deciduous trees that drop their leaves and look bare and cold in the winter.
Evergreens form no resting buds.
Evergreens generally have a longer pruning season than deciduous plants.
Evergreens get a little tattered.
Evergreens give birds winter shelter.
Evergreens grow from the tips so watch for the new growth.
Evergreens have (part) cell membranes.
Evergreens have (part) cells.
Evergreens have (part) corpi.
Evergreens have (part) cytoplasm.
Evergreens have (part) nuclei.
Evergreens have (part) plasma membranes.
Evergreens have (part) sections.
Evergreens have (part) vacuoles.
Evergreens have a fall season too.
Evergreens have cone-shaped crowns which provide less shade on walls and roofs.
Evergreens have different water preferences.
Evergreens have the added advantage of using water in the winter when deciduous trees are dormant.
Evergreens have their different shapes also.
Evergreens keep their leaves year-round.
Evergreens keep their needles and continue to transpire water.
Evergreens line both sides of the fence that separates the park from the houses on either side.
Evergreens look more intensely green.
Evergreens lose moisture on sunny winter days.
Evergreens love bright light and moderate amounts of water.
Evergreens mask unsightly views year-round.
Evergreens meet crystal blue waters and the sunrises and sunsets present photographic backdrops.
Evergreens normally have roots that extend beyond the branch spread.
Evergreens offer valuable year-round cover from the weather in addition to secluded nesting sites.
Evergreens offer year-round privacy, whereas deciduous shrubs create only a temporary divider.
Evergreens planted in late fall are susceptible to desiccation injury and death.
Evergreens planted on the north side of a home provide a windbreak to cut cold winter winds.
Evergreens planted to the north and west of a home can provide shelter from prevailing winds.
Evergreens present a contrasting note.
Evergreens produce attractive berries.
Evergreens produce attractive red berries.
Evergreens produce berries.
Evergreens produce red berries.
Evergreens provide a wind break from prevailing winds.
Evergreens provide excellent roosting at night for predator protection.
Evergreens provide excellent shelter as do thick shrubs and vines.
Evergreens provide food and nesting and roosting places for many birds and other animals.
Evergreens provide good screening all year.
Evergreens provide important winter habitat.
Evergreens provide more than year round greenery.
Evergreens provide wildlife cover.
Evergreens receive nutrients.
Evergreens remain lush all winter long.
Evergreens represent everlasting life.
Evergreens require little or no pruning at planting.
Evergreens retain their foliage year-round.
Evergreens retain their leaves.
Evergreens screen our property from our neighbors year round.
Evergreens seem to be more susceptible to rabbit damage in some areas than in others.
Evergreens serve as a prime source of wind protection.
Evergreens start to outnumber deciduous trees.
Evergreens stay green all year and bear fruit in the winter.
Evergreens suffer less damage if protected by wind breaks.
Evergreens surround the diamond and create a beautiful setting for watching and playing baseball.
Evergreens surrounding the hole give it a cathedral effect.
Evergreens survive in places.
Evergreens survive in warm places.
Evergreens survive in warm tropical places.
Evergreens Take care of evergreen injuries promptly.
Evergreens tend to turn brown when salt settles on their foliage.
Evergreens tend to use and lose more moisture over winter than deciduous plants.
Evergreens transplant especially well.
Evergreens use a wide variety of physical adaptations.
All evergreens benefit from mulches.
All evergreens can experience winter browning.
All evergreens share some common needs.
Many evergreens lose old leaves at the time of producing new leaves.
Most evergreens also prefer a sunny location to do well.
Most evergreens are unable to survive a single season of intensive gypsy moth feeding.
Most evergreens can stay in the same pot for several years.
Most evergreens prefer full sun but can often get by with a little shade.
Most evergreens produce attractive berries.
Most evergreens produce attractive red berries.
Most evergreens produce berries.
Most evergreens produce red berries.
Most evergreens receive nutrients.
Most evergreens require well-drained soil.
Most evergreens survive in places.
Most evergreens survive in warm places.
Most evergreens survive in warm tropical places.
Some evergreens produce suckers.
Everlasting life is our reward.
Everlasting life is the blessed result of believing.
Everlasting life is.
Everlasting love is never a gamble, but always a sure bet.
Everlasting love is the eternal theme, and the ending is always happy.
Everlasting torment is false doctrine.
Everlasting torment is the same eternal life, both continue on as long as the other.
Everlasting youth is just another alias away.
An everlasting is a flower
Everlastings are usually a hit with gardeners who like to do their own floral designs.
Many everlastings have papery blooms even when they're growing.
EverPark garage is on the right.
An eversion is a position
Eversion is the movement of turning the sole of the foot outward, away from the midline.
Eversion is the opposite movement, and it has less range of motion.
Evertonian delusions seem to increase in direct proportion to their absymal decline in fortunes.
Everyb person has something to offer.
Everyday actions are the only serious endeavours that bring results.
Many everyday actions exceed obligation without being at the highest level of ideals.
Everyday activism begins and exists in the heart and the soul of each and every being.
Everyday activities are essential to a child's grieving process.
Everyday activities can be vehicles for developing mathematical thinking.
Everyday activities can have positive results.
Everyday activities can lead to hearing loss.
Everyday activities can seem more interesting when seen through the eyes of an international guest.
Everyday activities can trigger an episode.
Everyday activities Get to grips with all the material to do with school, family life and the media.
Everyday activities offer opportunities for play.
Everyday activities require strength.
Everyday activities start again gain ground.
Everyday activity adds up to significant exposure, more over a lifetime than just vacation trips.
Everyday activity adds up to significant exposure.
Many everyday activities carried out without a thought are uses of mathematical models.
Many everyday activities harms fish habitat.
Many everyday activities stimulate vivid journal entries.
Most everyday activities require strength.
Everyday Alternatives Let's face it.
Everyday analysts initiate or change ratings on specific stocks.
Everyday annoyances can add up.
Everyday appliances transfer energy.
Everyday arguments are sometimes quite complex.
Everyday art fails a little.
Everyday batteries are safe because their voltage is so low.
Everyday battles wage on underneath our noses.
Everyday business is conducted on the Web.
Everyday care demands greater consideration from other members of the family.
Everyday care involves brushing the legs with a brush to remove dirt and mud.
Everyday care plays into the picture for the longevity of an item.
Everyday chemists discover new uses for what is one of the things most taken for granted.
Everyday children die, fall ill or become injured by industrial disease or accident.
Everyday children pass under our clock on their way to their weekly visit to the library.
Everyday chores seem overwhelming.
Everyday circumstances provide excellent opportunities for learning.
Everyday citizens can learn what's wrong with the system and help fix it.
Everyday cognition goes to school.
Everyday communication can become a real challenge.
Most everyday conflicts are so minor that they go unnoticed as conflicts.
Everyday consciousness is a liar.
Everyday conversation is stressed, ranging from dialogue, anecdotes, to historical information.
Everyday customers call in with computer questions.
Everyday decisions cultivate or erode our characters.
Everyday decisions have to be made for which there are no definitive answers.
Everyday decisions impact the earth.
Everyday decisions require it.
Everyday deeds mean a lot.
Everyday dishes take on richer flavor and aroma.
Everyday dress is appropriate for most visits to people's homes.
Everyday drugs are every where.
Everyday encounters are remarkably random.
Everyday etiquette is relaxed and straightforward.
Everyday events can and do affect family businesses.
Everyday events involve one form of energy being changed to another.
Everyday examples abound.
Everyday examples are geographic maps, graphs, scale models, and photographs.
Everyday examples are milk, soap foam, soil and clay.
Everyday exchange is highly recommended.
Everyday existence means dependency on Israel for work, food and even visas for travel.
Everyday experience is sufficient.
Everyday experience offers the opportunity for unlimited joy despite the pain .
Everyday experience suggests that the gulf between biology and the physical world is conspicuous.
Everyday experiences can also be the source of data.
Everyday experiences can be an important as a source of topics from which to work.
Everyday experiences count, too.
Some everyday experience teaches economists.
Everyday food eaten in Cuba includes rice and beans, fried plantain, stew, pork and chicken.
Many everyday foods have a hechsher .
Many everyday foods have a hechsher.
Everyday gardening is the heart art of being human on planet Earth.
Everyday guests go horseback riding on the trails surrounding the ranch.
Everyday guys get to play.
Everyday heroes go mostly unnoticed.
Everyday humans have a major impact on both the natural and built environments in which they live.
Everyday items are commons.
Everyday items become precious when taken unnecessarily.
Everyday items bring to light life on the seas.
Many everyday items can have more than one use.
Most everyday jobs get very little or no recognition.
Everyday kids are either in a car or a bus traveling to school and back.
Everyday language has two contradictory opinions about relationships.
Everyday language is a part of the human organism and is no less complicated than it.
Everyday language is apparently inadequate.
Everyday language is preferred whereever possible over the more formal, scholarly style.
Most everyday language is fairly straightforward and requires little interpretation.
Everyday life affects the way the church worships and believes.
Everyday life becomes a nightmare.
Everyday life becomes a struggle to communicate with family, friends, co-workers and acquaintances.
Everyday life becomes full of fascinating clues to a greater knowledge of the way the world works.
Everyday life can be scary.
Everyday life can be stranger than fiction.
Everyday life can seem like a hurricane - full of sound and fury.
Everyday life contains many truth games.
Everyday life goes so much more easily.
Everyday life has a certain odd humor to it, especially to the uninformed viewer.
Everyday life invents itself by poaching in countless ways on the property of others.
Everyday life is about making choices.
Everyday life is based on believing, on faith.
Everyday life is characterised by routine.
Everyday life is different, too.
Everyday life is difficult.
Everyday life is filled with comparisions.
Everyday life is filled with the same job and home life and nothing exciting happens to most people.
Everyday life is full of opportunities to teach non-violence.
Everyday life is full of stories and plots and relationships.
Everyday life is impacted by the decisions of government policymakers.
Everyday life is impossible here.
Everyday life is made up of an overabundance of events.
Everyday life is more important than historical events or metaphysical problems.
Everyday life is our spiritual school.
Everyday life is revitalized the year after a wedding.
Everyday life is stressful, and a lucky few can cope by committing crimes.
Everyday life is the dojo, the training arena for wisdom and compassion.
Everyday life is the primary subject matter in most of the murals.
Everyday life is the sphere of many of our most sacred actions.
Everyday life is the Way.
Everyday life presents many opportunities for blessing one another, like the following.
Everyday life presents situations.
Everyday life presents stressful situations.
Everyday life provides subject matter for schooling.
Everyday life turns into a daily revolution.
Most everyday life presents situations.
Most everyday life presents stressful situations.
Everyday light is composed of a spectrum of colors from blue to red.
Everyday living is the major problem.
Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
Everyday men die because of the barb wire fence.
Everyday managers discover new ways to use the skills learned in the supply chain area.
Some everyday materials obey power-law creep or some similar behavior.
Everyday mathematics builds on fundamental mathematical strands.
Everyday mathematics is learned by doing everyday things Simple as that.
Everyday matters are just as important to our daily lives as are the long ranging tendencies.
Everyday menu offers homemade sandwiches, salads, assorted snacks and desserts.
Everyday miracles are possible.
Everyday nonprofits rely on telecommunications to fulfill their important missions.
Everyday objects are the subjects.
Everyday objects can be monsters or unreasonable things.
Everyday objects can tell wonderful stories.
Everyday objects do more than add interest to the story, they act as constant reminders.
Everyday objects take on new roles.
Everyday observations can lead to great scientific inquiries.
Everyday people are in hospitals.
Everyday people can find things to reuse.
Everyday people celebrate their creativity through a variety of ways.
Everyday people come and pose.
Everyday People Do Nice Things For Others.
Everyday people face other trials which make it hard to succeed.
Everyday people flock to blood banks to donate it.
Everyday people gather here to watch the sunrise and sunset.
Everyday people go about their business in a poor, dusty little town somewhere in the Gaza Strip.
Everyday people looking for love and romance visit our pages.
Everyday people reach out to somebody or something.
Everyday people solve problems and make decisions.
Everyday people submit reviews on everything from cars to websites.
Everyday people suffer from prejudices or are discriminatory against someone of a different race.
Everyday people travel to different places to sight see.
Everyday people use observation and experimentation to understand natural occurrences.
Some everyday people are role models.
Everyday prices are reasonable and sale prices lower.
Many everyday problems involve rates of speed, using distance and time.
Most everyday problems involve one unknown quantity and can be reduced to a linear equation.
Many everyday products require gravity.
Everyday progress is made as hundreds of reports are published every year.
Everyday prosecutors go to court with fraud cases.
Everyday prosecutors wield an awesome power over suspects' lives in the best circumstances.
Everyday racism is no joke.
Everyday reality becomes a dream.
Everyday routines can equal quality time.
Everyday scientists get closer to finding a cure for diabetes.
Everyday shopping is easy with on-site grocery store, deli, florist, and dry cleaners.
Everyday situations presented by owning and operating a business are a constant challenge.
Everyday somebody dies because of all the dangers that happen on Earth.
Everyday space turns into unusual space and creates a somewhat Kafkaesque world.
Everyday standards are good, but exceptions are also right and good.
Everyday students make choices that either open or close doors for the future.
Everyday substances can have negative effects on the environment that few people recognize.
Everyday systems have one monitor and one video card.
Everyday tasks become tiresome and difficult.
Everyday tasks become too much to do.
Most everyday tasks are now easier to accomplish than ever before.
Everyday technology is at work making our lives more interesting.
Everyday things are so much more meaningful.
Everyday things change - but basically they stay the same.
Everyday things get just a little easier.
Some everyday things are poisonous to pets.
Everyday thought is a kind of shorthand, with the brain operating as a complex filter.
Everyday thousands come and few make it.
Everyday time is based on the movements of earth in space.
Everyday transactions take place by choice, and both sides win.
Everyday unions help thousands of people at work.
Everyday uses are unlimited.
Everyday vets live with the memory of war everyday.
Everyday vocabulary is expanded.
Everyday wear is often an old sarong with a t-shirt.
Everyday words give the descriptive vocabulary of mathematics.
Everyday workers hear of new record profits and obscene salaries of seniormanagement.
Everyday writing includes assignments across the curriculum and journals.
An everyman is a common man
Everyman is a play that deals with the struggle between lies and virtue.
Everyman is the best surviving example of the medieval drama known as the morality play.
Everyman is the guard.
Everyman is, of course, a character who represents humanity in general.
Everyman seeks to bring balance to the gender dialog through authentic disclosure and insight.
Everyman seeks to bring balance to the gender dialogue through authentic disclosure and insight.
Everyman uses authentic disclosure and insight to bring balance to gender dialogue.
Everyman walks down a long hall, and opens a large door at the end of it.
Everymans are commoners.
Everymans are play.
Everytime kids visit the library, they'll get a stamp in their passport.
Everywhere- members volunteer around the community.
Evian spray can be very refreshing.
Evian water is expensive while restaurant water is free.
Evicted residents face the expensive prospect of relocating.
Evicted tenants get the attention.
Eviction can be a devastating and disruptive experience.
Eviction Hearing A hearing for an eviction is called a forcible entry and detainer hearing.
Eviction is a better avenue to stability.
Eviction is a complex legal process.
Eviction is a difficult and expensive route.
Eviction is a due process
Eviction is a legal procedure.
Eviction is a legal process that often requires a court order.
Eviction is a legal process that often times requires a court order.
Eviction is a long and expensive process.
Eviction is compulsion.
Eviction is due processes.
Eviction is something that takes time because in most places due process of law is required.
Eviction is the forced removal of a tenant from an apartment.
Eviction threatens the mechanisms by which the poor survive in cities.
Evictions alone cost property owners billions a year.
Evictions are a fact of business for landlords.
Evictions are an unpleasant reality.
Evictions are costly for housing providers and damage the credit of residents.
Evictions are extremely common in the west.
Evictions are grounds for immediate disqualification whether they are paid or unpaid.
Evictions are never surprises for the members affected.
Evictions are notoriously difficult and complicated.
Evictions are often violent and involve police as well as municipal authorities.
Evictions are one of the many unpleasant things that can happen to a tenant.
Evictions are ugly.
Evictions are widespread and are used by all sides as a form of ethnic cleansing.
Evictions can be speedy.
Evictions can cost landlords thousands of dollars.
Evictions obviously compromise the right to housing.
Every eviction is, of course, deplorable.
Most evictions are in the flatlands and in low-income communities.
Most evictions begin with either a three or a thirty day notice.
Most evictions take place for nonpayment of rent.
Evidence Collection Can Be Tough.
Evidence collection is improved where before it was almost non-existent for lower level crimes.
Evidence laws tend to be moreuniform than product liability laws, however they work in conjunction.
Most evidence law is the same for young persons as it is for adults.
Evidence management is important.
Evidence packaging can be critical in the protection of the evidence.
Evidence technicians search for, recover, and process forensic evidence.
Evidence abounds of the movement of deer, moose, wolf, and many other birds and mammals.
Evidence abounds on every side.
Evidence abounds that a loan to a member is the best investment.
Evidence abounds that an armed society is a polite society.
Evidence abounds that big business is the favorite whipping boy of the environmental movement.
Evidence abounds that law-abiding citizens respond to incentives.
Evidence abounds, especially on alt.religion.scientology.
Evidence accumulates against the blue jay.
Evidence allows the assessor to infor competence.
Evidence also demonstrates a genetic connection.
Evidence also exists for both precipitation and surface runoff.
Evidence also exists that additional arrivals occurred in the south, albeit much later.
Evidence also exists to show that skipping breakfast actually lowers the metabolic rate.
Evidence also exists to suggest that flooding tends to occur more frequently on the rented land.
Evidence also incriminates acetaminophen in chronic liver damage.
Evidence also indicates that acupuncture affects immune function.
Evidence also indicates that copper compounds are spermicidal.
Evidence also indicates that each year at least one innocent person is convicted of murder.
Evidence also indicates that Neanderthals have also lived in more recent centuries.
Evidence also indicates that such damage diminishes when one quits smoking.
Evidence also indicates that the cars assigned to just one deputy are maintained better.
Evidence also indicates that women are creating their own version of philanthropy.
Evidence also links an increase in breast cancer risk with inactivity.
Evidence also points to a possible bias against people with dark hair.
Evidence also points to the possible benefit of gamma-linolenic acid in preserving bone density.
Evidence also points to there being, at one time, a land bridge between the two countries.
Evidence also shows a relation between increasing weight and the prevalence of osteoarthritis.
Evidence also shows that AD is linked with destruction of the neural system.
Evidence also shows that anger, like other strong emotions such as shock, can trigger heart attacks.
Evidence also shows that children in substitute care have difficulty adjusting to adult life.
Evidence also shows that melodies are getting more complicated and moving in larger intervals.
Evidence also shows that some agbiotech companies paid a high price for acquiring seed companies.
Evidence also suggests a role for hormones in the process of aging.
Evidence also suggests nurse home visitors are more effective than lay home visitors.
Evidence also suggests satisfactory performance of transfer students at receiving institutions.
Evidence also suggests that a greater divide is emerging when it comes to educational access.
Evidence also suggests that a number of suspected cartels ceased when the new law took effect.
Evidence also suggests that difficulties with erections are more common with older men.
Evidence also suggests that good health can fuel development.
Evidence also suggests that isolated population leads to abnormalities in their physical health.
Evidence also suggests that pamidronate directly inhibits osteoclasts.
Evidence also suggests that second hand smoke doubles the incidence of heart disease.
Evidence also suggests that some individuals breed in Borneo.
Evidence also suggests that the trees can serve as weather windbreakers and snow fences.
Evidence also suggests that there was a strong Mongoloid presence as well.
Evidence also supports a clear link between alcohol and illicit drug use and crime.
Evidence also supports possible immune or autoimmune mechanisms.
Evidence also supports the theory of the site being used during the fur trade era.
Evidence also supports the view that there are moral absolutes just as there are physical absolutes.
Evidence apparently suggests so.
Evidence appears in registered burials.
Evidence appears to indicate the man's death was accidental.
Evidence arrives from every state and many foreign countries.
Evidence based dentistry is relatively new.
Evidence based librarianship is probably the first hot topic of the new millenium.
Evidence based medicine has several parallels with clinical audit.
Evidence based medicine has the potential to revolutionise many aspects of health education.
Evidence based monographs, patient and clinician handouts are available.
Evidence based practice is taught and researched at undergraduate level.
Evidence based practice requires practitioners to have the skills to access and interpret evidence.
Evidence based prevention is emphasized.
Evidence bases on observations.
Evidence becomes stale.
Evidence begins to build.
Evidence can also be available from trials of different designs.
Evidence can also be input to the program from a file, as the following example illustrates.
Evidence can also be physical items, such as records, photos, recordings, and the like.
Evidence can be a description, a definition, an example or a statistic.
Evidence can be complete or incomplete, acceptable, questionable, or false.
Evidence can be in the form of documents or testimony.
Evidence can be lost, witnesses become unavailable, and the actual value of the judgment is reduced.
Evidence can be third party endorsements or references, facts, figures, or examples.
Evidence can consist of tape backups and printouts.
Evidence can disappear.
Evidence can include a doctor's visit, witness statements, police reports and photographs.
Evidence can include the signed testimony of workers reporting what they themselves have witnessed.
Evidence can, in limited circumstance, be opinions of a witness.
Evidence Cans Our evidence cans are another product that is available for small items.
Evidence cited by evolutionists for earlier ice ages is open to other interpretations.
Evidence cited by the authors themselves is particularly instructive.
Evidence clearly indicates movement of nucleic acid from nucleus to cytoplasm.
Evidence clearly points to the contrary.
Evidence clearly shows a link to better organization performance.
Evidence clearly suggests that both types of effects are important in vineyards.
Evidence clearly supports both sides.
Evidence collected is used for accountability.
Evidence collected since that time bears witness to the shocking truth of Potter's comments.
Evidence comes afterwards, really.
Evidence comes from a bicycle crash study and from personal experiences.
Evidence comes from a clinical trial comparing traditional banked lights with a Fiberoptic device.
Evidence comes from analyses.
Evidence comes from arrangements.
Evidence comes from clinical case reports.
Evidence comes from comparison.
Evidence comes from different venues.
Evidence comes from either primary or secondary sources.
Evidence comes from everyday experience.
Evidence comes from exotic places.
Evidence comes from experience.
Evidence comes from experiments.
Evidence comes from facts.
Evidence comes from more than one source.
Evidence comes from naturalistic route directions recorded in Tokyo.
Evidence comes from observations.
Evidence comes from patterns.
Evidence comes from places.
Evidence comes from precise measurements of supposed shorelines.
Evidence comes from responses.
Evidence comes from scientists.
Evidence comes from sighting.
Evidence comes from sites.
Evidence comes from the aforementioned alliances and from early efforts in the e-commmerce arena.
Evidence comes from the Latin 'e-' and 'videns' a participle of 'videre' meaning to see.
Evidence comes from various tracer studies where xylem is loaded with dyes.
Evidence comes in all forms.
Evidence comes in part from genetic fingerprint tests of hatchling eagles, geese and swans.
Evidence comes in what seems to be an emerging sense of propriety.
Evidence comes only from what occurs in the courtroom.
Evidence comes to light.
Evidence coming to light through ebbing jouissance , the symptom makes signs.
Evidence compels belief.
Evidence concerning role substitution in other areas or disciplines is less systematic and abundant.
Evidence concerning the developmental impact of work experience in the United States is mixed.
Evidence concerning the physical consequences of creatine usage is virtually nonexistent.
Evidence confirms no link between autism and vaccines.
Evidence confirms origin in one locality.
Evidence confirms presence.
Evidence conflicts as to whether hamsters are crepuscular or nocturnal .
Evidence consists of facts, examples, or testimony that supports a claim.
Evidence consists of observations and data on which to base scientific explanations.
Evidence consists of previously scanned computer images rather than paper documents.
Evidence consists of the mountains and valleys in the county.
Evidence consists of the testimony of witnesses and exhibits which the court allows into evidence.
Evidence continues of tigers parts crossing into China.
Evidence continues to accumulate of reckless wrongdoing and abuse of power among some leaders.
Evidence continues to mount against the dino-bird link that the media promotes.
Evidence continues to mount that distance learning is plausible and effective.
Evidence continues to show that birth control pills reduce the risk of ovarian cancer.
Evidence continues to show that stop and search has been used in ways which are discriminatory.
Evidence continues to suggest that there is a giveness about it.
Evidence covers the rules that govern the presentation of the fact picture in the courtroom.
Evidence demonstrates benefits.
Evidence demonstrates potential.
Evidence demonstrates that collective responsibility includes individual responsibility.
Evidence demonstrates that reverse discrimination is rare.
Evidence demonstrates that some Gulf War veterans are ill.
Evidence demonstrates that where resources are few, faith is often strong.
Evidence derives from properties,characteristics, and variables.
Evidence disappears, never to be seen again.
Evidence discovered by the audience is displayed on a clue table or via slide projections.
Evidence disproves theories.
Evidence does exist in the terrain that water has eroded some of the soil.
Evidence does show that laughter helps to heal patients.
Evidence drawn from server security logs is sufficient and final.
Evidence even comes from once-secret internal memos from tobacco companies.
Evidence exists both of barriers and ways in which barriers can be avoided and overcome.
Evidence exists for both accuracy and inaccuracy of both remembered and recovered memories.
Evidence exists for considerable successful seed dispersal through feces.
Evidence exists for much earlier presence in the Atlantic.
Evidence exists for some advertising claims made on the internet.
Evidence exists for splaying into several oblique fault traces and for thrusting in each case.
Evidence exists for syn-kinematic growth of contact metamorphic minerals.
Evidence exists for the modulation of sympathetic neurotransmission by endothelial cell mediators.
Evidence exists of a collaborative approach to curriculum development and implementation.
Evidence exists of brutal methods by the Palestinian forces and some alleged use of torture.
Evidence exists of strong pair bonding among dingos.
Evidence exists of the implementation of staff development programs.
Evidence exists showing Iraq tested biological weapons on people four years ago.
Evidence exists suggesting that a high stand of the lake overflowed, perhaps at several places.
Evidence exists supporting the association of such factors with a high incidence of cervical cancer.
Evidence exists that altered states of immunity are associated with the aging process.
Evidence exists that companies benefit from being exposed to other dynamic, successful firms.
Evidence exists that links three types of cancer to chemicals used in the Vietnam War.
Evidence exists that long-term exposure to high arsenic levels increases the risk of cancer.
Evidence exists that many traditional men prefer classes and workshops to individual counseling.
Evidence exists that method of selling has a strong impact on sale outcome.
Evidence exists that pigs can breed new strains of influenza which humans can catch.
Evidence exists that programs which are comprehensive in scope tend to be the most successful.
Evidence exists that some consumers are willing to pay premium prices for reindeer.
Evidence exists that some intermetallics can in most cases be tolerated.
Evidence exists that something in garlic acts as a repellant.
Evidence exists that the vestibular system influences the cardiovascular system.
Evidence exists that the virus can exist undetected in sheep for days before anyone notices.
Evidence exists that there are experiences of psychotherapy by which people feel harmed.
Evidence exists to begin answering the question of potential toxicity.
Evidence exists to suggest that common molecules control polarity in yeast and in higher cells.
Evidence exists to support the involvement of both types of association in classical conditioning.
Evidence exists trapped in small pockets within the oldest rocks.
Evidence exists, however, that global sea level has been rising.
Evidence falls in both directions.
Evidence favors the former process.
Evidence favors the omission of prophylactic radiation therapy to the mediastinum and neck.
Evidence favouring both views is found in the literature.
Evidence fits scientific inquiry but fits well in the arts as well.
Evidence flow graph representations for expert systems.
Evidence focuses on consequences.
Evidence gets cold.
Evidence goes here.
Evidence grows that reflective roof materials can help facilities control cooling costs.
Evidence grows that the Illinois economy is slowing after two years of rapid expansion.
Evidence grows that the Illinois economy is slowing down after a period of rapid expansion.
Evidence has a way of disappearing, and witnesses' memories can fade with time.
Evidence has effects.
Evidence has no royal medium.
Evidence has to be collected, and the case has to be taken to court.
Evidence has to be documented.
Evidence has to come into court through a human being.
Evidence helps scientists.
Evidence here needs to be confirmed in future trials.
Evidence identifies culprits.
Evidence identifies likely culprits.
Evidence illustrates or argues the controlling idea.
Evidence implies there had to be something there.
Evidence includes development.
Evidence includes devotional literature, diaries, church publications, and local records.
Evidence includes discoveries.
Evidence includes documents, videotapes, audio tapes, pictures and witness testimony.
Evidence includes explanations, arguments, and definitions as well as facts.
Evidence includes extensive continuing time and effort committed to service.
Evidence includes facts and statistics from reliable sources.
Evidence includes facts, either examples or statistics, essentially a compilation of examples.
Evidence includes fingerprints, tire prints, shoe prints, and tool mark impressions.
Evidence includes fragments of the small boat, collected by divers from the harbor floor.
Evidence includes observations.
Evidence includes premature skin aging and the risk of skin cancer.
Evidence includes publications and artistic productions.
Evidence includes soil samples, floral and faunal samples and the collection of all objects.
Evidence includes substantial time and effort committed to service.
Evidence includes the contract, the electrical permit and cancelled checks.
Evidence includes the observation that iron chelators can suppress fiber-induced tissue damage.
Evidence includes the usual fuzzy photographs and, more noteworthy, three large eggs.
Evidence includes the witnesses' sworn testimony and the items admitted into evidence.
Evidence includes written statements, oral testimony of witnesses, and physical exhibits.
Evidence indicates a large and complex maze existed under the palace.
Evidence indicates ability.
Evidence indicates artistic ability.
Evidence indicates causes.
Evidence indicates considerable differences.
Evidence indicates demographic differences.
Evidence indicates development.
Evidence indicates differences.
Evidence indicates early development.
Evidence indicates earth.
Evidence indicates ecosystem stability.
Evidence indicates existence.
Evidence indicates factors.
Evidence indicates great artistic ability.
Evidence indicates growth.
Evidence indicates high levels of intergovernmental activity, mutual dependence, and joint action.
Evidence indicates it originally came from the middle east.
Evidence indicates life.
Evidence indicates likelihood.
Evidence indicates limited time and effort associated with service.
Evidence indicates measurements.
Evidence indicates no efficacy over placebo.
Evidence indicates otherwise.
Evidence indicates past life.
Evidence indicates phases.
Evidence indicates population size.
Evidence indicates presence.
Evidence indicates roles.
Evidence indicates size.
Evidence indicates socialization only begins after birth.
Evidence indicates stability.
Evidence indicates strongly that schizophrenia is a severe disturbance in the brain's functioning.
Evidence indicates symptoms.
Evidence indicates that a recessive gene is involved in the disease.
Evidence indicates that absorption is regulated to some extent by physiological demand.
Evidence indicates that all of the foams used in ICFs produce excellent houses.
Evidence indicates that anthracene is absorbed following oral and dermal exposure.
Evidence indicates that before the Permian extinction the oceans lost most of their oxygen.
Evidence indicates that both genes and experience are involved.
Evidence indicates that brain biochemistry is a significant factor in depressive disorders.
Evidence indicates that caps matter.
Evidence indicates that collecting is occurring because very few large plants are found.
Evidence indicates that current recruitment procedures have served the university well.
Evidence indicates that diversity enhances the quality of the educational experience.
Evidence indicates that even the family dog is a victim of pesticides.
Evidence indicates that four plant associations occurred in the region.
Evidence indicates that higher education is highly beneficial for correctional officers.
Evidence indicates that honey bees can be satisfactory pollinators of rose clover.
Evidence indicates that infants can organize their physical, emotional, and social worlds.
Evidence indicates that intensifying farmland use can also protect the commons.
Evidence indicates that intralocus conflict is important in the evolution of many traits.
Evidence indicates that it has received the least attention of all in study and in print.
Evidence indicates that local revivals have been genuine.
Evidence indicates that long-term imprisonment has no effects.
Evidence indicates that male muskrats remain at the same den with the female for several weeks.
Evidence indicates that markets are semistrong form efficient.
Evidence indicates that matter has properties of both particles and waves.
Evidence indicates that noise actually affects the brain.
Evidence indicates that our students respond particularly well to video presentations.
Evidence indicates that par functions as a post-segregational killing system.
Evidence indicates that people want access to wildspace within their daily lives.
Evidence indicates that planners generally do well in moving home.
Evidence indicates that protein rich in Leucine is particularly effective at inducing satiety.
Evidence indicates that reading drops off as children move into their teenage years.
Evidence indicates that several strategies can decrease problem behaviors.
Evidence indicates that Stonehenge was a brilli- antly conceived astronomical observatory.
Evidence indicates that student performance is improving as a result of the standards initiatives.
Evidence indicates that such decisions can be improved in a variety of ways.
Evidence indicates that such genetic exchanges among wild, weed and crop plants already occur.
Evidence indicates that television stifles the ability to express ideas logically.
Evidence indicates that the applications in one part of the brain apply to another.
Evidence indicates that the Brook Oaks project is succeeding beyond expectations.
Evidence indicates that the death was accidental.
Evidence indicates that the first hospital in English America was established here.
Evidence indicates that the greatest barrier to higher education is personal family experience.
Evidence indicates that the pig is the only primary host of pseudorabies.
Evidence indicates that the trend is both widespread and wide-ranging.
Evidence indicates that the windshield of the car was damaged by the impact with the victim.
Evidence indicates that they are beginning to careen out of control.
Evidence indicates that they change in unison.
Evidence indicates that they fly only during the daylight hours, resting in trees along the way.
Evidence indicates that they once ranged as far north as the states of Georgia and Florida.
Evidence indicates that they ve had an impact.
Evidence indicates that women are less likely to receive psychiatric care.
Evidence indicates the area was very popular with the nomadic tribes.
Evidence indicates the fire self-extinguished shortly after ignition.
Evidence indicates the woman was the victim of violent blow to the head.
Evidence indicates they hail, in whole or in part, from prokaryotic cells.
Evidence indicates they leave occupants with fewer and less severe injuries after a crash.
Evidence indicates two shades of yellow.
Evidence indicates types.
Evidence indicates weight loss comes with a reduction in asthmatic symptoms.
Evidence indicates yes .
Evidence influences darwin theories.
Evidence influences theories.
Evidence is a different story.
Evidence is a fact of reality.
Evidence is a hieroglyph in a pool of melted wax.
Evidence is a prerequisite or co-requisite for the orientation course .
Evidence is a prerequisite.
Evidence is a relational notion.
Evidence is a support to testimony or statements.
Evidence is a way of engaging facts.
Evidence is ac- cumulating that it occurs in at least one protozoan, namely, paramecium.
Evidence is admissible if it is both relevant and material.
Evidence is admissible if it is relevant.
Evidence is admissible to explain or clarify ambiguous writings.
Evidence is admissible when it is authentic, relevant and competent.
Evidence is also a prerequisite but can be waived.
Evidence is also available on the academic performance of college students who enter teaching.
Evidence is always logically persuasive.
Evidence is ample that poverty is as harmful as exposure to the most toxic pollutants.
Evidence is anecdotal, and a very clear cause like the Vietnam War is lacking.
Evidence is another problem.
Evidence is anything that can be brought to bear on the truth-claims of Scripture.
Evidence is anything used to prove or disprove a fact.
Evidence is appropriate and clearly furthers the development of the paper's thesis.
Evidence is appropriate to topic and purpose.
Evidence is assessed against performance indicators for each learning outcome.
Evidence is at hand that shows the rate of economic growth is slowing.
Evidence is available from non-randomised studies, with external controls allowing comparisons.
Evidence is available in all regions of the nation from a variety of sources.
Evidence is available in the case of the tectum, and it points to a homeobox gene, engrailed.
Evidence is available in the scriptures in support of all three systems of philosophy.
Evidence is available relating to the acceptance of the CRC by the water industry as a key resource.
Evidence is available to support both the norepinephrine and serotonin hypotheses.
Evidence is available, read on.
Evidence is bagged and turned over to school administrators.
Evidence is balanced.
Evidence is based on observation.
Evidence is beingprotected from damage or deterioration.
Evidence is but one of the elements in decision making.
Evidence is cited from the following account.
Evidence is cited that maize pollen is collected by bees in notable amounts.
Evidence is classified according to whether it is circumstantial or direct.
Evidence is clear and the results are in.
Evidence is clear that the benefits of learning the classics go beyond simple enjoyment of music.
Evidence is collected by initial officer or detectives.
Evidence is collected using a micro-vacuum like the kind that clean computer keyboard keys.
Evidence is collected, classified, and the pieces are packaged.
Evidence is collected, processed and stored.
Evidence is compelling.
Evidence is considered relevant if it is both probative and material.
Evidence is considered substantial if it is adequate to a reasonable mind to uphold the decision.
Evidence is considered sufficient if there is substantial evidence to support the verdict.
Evidence is consistent with resistant gene movement via pollen flow from one field to another.
Evidence is consistent with the first reason is harder to find.
Evidence is contradictory .
Evidence is critical in developing explanations.
Evidence is critical, of course, but the debate becomes what qualifies as good enough evidence.
Evidence is defined as a timetable for implementation plus one or more operating procedures.
Evidence is defined as direct proof of a fact.
Evidence is degraded.
Evidence is difficult to get, they say.
Evidence is discussed below, but the short answer is that it's almost certainly true.
Evidence is distinguished from proof in that the latter are the result or effect of evidence.
Evidence is drawn from a variety of traditions and from many different kinds of sources.
Evidence is drawn from archaeology, art, architecture, and ethnography.
Evidence is drawn from archeology, art, architecture, and ethnography.
Evidence is drawn from the very best studies conducted in research institutions across the globe.
Evidence is drawn primarily from examples of Greek mythology, archaeology, and epigraphy.
Evidence is entered in association with a case.
Evidence is essential to successfully apprehending and convicting the criminal of their offense.
Evidence is evaluated without bias.
Evidence is everywhere .
Evidence is everywhere.
Evidence is evidence and facts are, indeed, facts.
Evidence is evidence only when some one contemplates it historically.
Evidence is evidence regardless of how it is interpreted or if it is even recognized or understood.
Evidence is evidence.
Evidence is examined in specific areas such as creation.
Evidence is exculpatory when it raises a reasonable doubt about the defendant's guilt.
Evidence is extremely important.
Evidence is fabricated.
Evidence is far from conclusive.
Evidence is found for both positive and negative behaviors associated with the use of video games.
Evidence is found in the rock art throughout the mountains.
Evidence is found that gesturing aids the retrieval of visual imagery during speech production.
Evidence is found with the number of teaching awards and the accolades delivered by students.
Evidence is from outcomes of uncontrolled or nonrandomized trials or from observational studies.
Evidence is gained and interpreted through and by sense receptors and the neural network.
Evidence is gathered and interviews are conducted.
Evidence is gathered and other interviews are conducted.
Evidence is gathered in the form of data.
Evidence is gathered through observation and questioning.
Evidence is gathered through systematic review of the literature, and is critically appraised.
Evidence is generally admissible if it is both relevant and material.
Evidence is given before a six-person jury summoned at random.
Evidence is given before a six-person jury, summoned at random.
Evidence is given for a very low but detectable metabolization level.
Evidence is given for the roughness of the surface.
Evidence is given that the incorporation mainly is into nuclear proteins.
Evidence is given to refute their claims.
Evidence is given where appropriate, and, when offered, it is detailed and specific.
Evidence is good that they left for Oregon at the same time.
Evidence is hard to find.
Evidence is important.
Evidence is in many places including the Bible.
Evidence is in short supply.
Evidence is in the Bible itself.
Evidence is in the sacks and the truck.
Evidence is included or excluded on the basis of explicit quality criteria to minimise bias.
Evidence is included or excluded on the basis of explicit quality criteria to minimize bias.
Evidence is indications.
Evidence is information
Evidence is information.
Evidence is irrelevant.
Evidence is kept in freezer until case is complete.
Evidence is less strong for cancers considered hormonal, such as breast and prostate.
Evidence is like a jigsaw puzzle.
Evidence is located by an investigator holding a pole with a prism over a location of evidence.
Evidence is located in crime scenes.
Evidence is locked up until removed for examination by analyst.
Evidence is logged on a computer, coded and isolated to prevent contamination.
Evidence is lost with time.
Evidence is maintained in a secured environment until the case has been fully adjudicated.
Evidence is maintained until a case reaches a conclusion.
Evidence is marked, photographed, charted on a drawing of the scene and logged in.
Evidence is material either to guilt or to punishment .
Evidence is material if it is offered to prove a fact that is at issue in the case.
Evidence is material if it relates to a matter properly at issue.
Evidence is material when it is probative of a question before the trier of fact.
Evidence is memorialized during inspection and the areas are restored to their pre-tested condition.
Evidence is misinterpreted.
Evidence is mixed as to whether a growing number of lawsuits are meritless.
Evidence is mixed as to whether a growing number of lawsuits are without merit.
Evidence is mixed on the role of parents in weight loss programs for their children.
Evidence is mixed with respect to the use of Ginkgo for memory enhancement in healthy individuals.
Evidence is more than anecdotal.
Evidence is more than numbers obtained from methodologically rigorous scientific research.
Evidence is mountain high.
Evidence is mounting linking cerebrovascular disease with depressive symptoms in the elderly.
Evidence is mounting of an exodus away from the PC as the sole computing device in the home.
Evidence is mounting to indicate an autoimmune problem in most children.
Evidence is mounting to point out the enormous role of heredity in behavior.
Evidence is necessary for bedside action and policy design.
Evidence is needed to determine three things.
Evidence is needed to prove that the students think the residents are pretty good teachers.
Evidence is nil, and counterevidence substantial, but irrelevant, thanks to the analytic technique.
Evidence is now a suspect category in some arenas.
Evidence is now apparent that a smith's shop was erected near the house.
Evidence is now beyond dispute.
Evidence is now conclusive that gun control increases violent crime.
Evidence is obtained in accordance with the rules of the foreign court.
Evidence is obtained.
Evidence is offered below.
Evidence is offered on which strategies are most helpful.
Evidence is offered to show that diabetic retinopathy fulfils the four criteria for screening.
Evidence is only now emerging of the full horror of the conflict between Eritrea and Ethiopia.
Evidence is only vaguely related to argument.
Evidence is overwhelming that there are no slaves and that the slave market is a sham.
Evidence is perishable and needs to be gathered in a very timely fashion.
Evidence is pictures, written documentation, and eye witnesses.
Evidence is piled on, but it is one-sided.
Evidence is presented and discussed in such a way that it does clearly support the thesis.
Evidence is presented and testimony is taken under oath, in much the same way as in a court trial.
Evidence is presented as to how the curriculum develops knowledge in a logical sequence.
Evidence is presented at a trial.
Evidence is presented by affidavit.
Evidence is presented for the association of charge with ice particles.
Evidence is presented from binding to rat brain homogenate studies.
Evidence is presented from several countries that peoples practices are ahead of the law.
Evidence is presented from the Bible to support the evangelical perspective.
Evidence is presented here to show that that assumption is false.
Evidence is presented in books.
Evidence is presented orally, through testimony of witnesses or by way of other written documents.
Evidence is presented that clearly supports the claim being made in each particular instance.
Evidence is presented that such spatiotemporal signatures are used in object recognition.
Evidence is presented to show how students work on projects in teams.
Evidence is presented to support the hypothesis.
Evidence is presented to the jury by witnesses who testify.
Evidence is presented using an automated trial presentation system.
Evidence is presented which suggests that marijuana produces periodic attentional lapses.
Evidence is presented.
Evidence is probative of a fact when it tends to prove that fact.
Evidence is processed gradually until some ground-breaking theory replaces the one preceeding it.
Evidence is produced through direct and cross examinations, documents, or other physical evidence.
Evidence is protected from mechanical or electromagnetic damage.
Evidence is provided from human correlational and animal experimental work.
Evidence is provided in the frescoes depictino feasts with dances and music, and hunting scenes.
Evidence is provided on the changes over time of key social indicators.
Evidence is provided that the boundary region contains an enhancer blocker element.
Evidence is received and meticulously considered.
Evidence is relevant if it has any logical tendency to prove an issue in a case.
Evidence is relevant if it has any tendency to prove a fact of consequence in the case.
Evidence is relevant if it has any tendency to prove any material fact.
Evidence is relevant if it is likely to affect the probability of a fact of consequence in the case.
Evidence is relevant if it makes a fact that is of consequence more or less probable.
Evidence is relevant if it renders existence of fact more probable or less probable than without it.
Evidence is relevant if it tends to prove or disprove a fact in controversy at trial.
Evidence is relevant if it tends to prove or disprove a fact in controversy.
Evidence is relevant only if it tends to prove any material fact in issue.
Evidence is represented by a variety of evidential functions.
Evidence is required about the date the judgment was issued.
Evidence is required for third and fourth year students, recommended for second year students.
Evidence is required of competence in English, normally through an approved test.
Evidence is required to substantiate the conclusion of excessive demand.
Evidence is required.
Evidence is reviewed, and explanations of the pattern are examined.
Evidence is scant that workfare leads to full-time jobs.
Evidence is scant, and conflicting theories abound.
Evidence is scant.
Evidence is scanty, but there does appear to be an effect.
Evidence is scarce, one way or the other.
Evidence is scarce.
Evidence is scare and often unreliable.
Evidence is shared continuously and evaluated in relation to the aims and objectives.
Evidence is shown on some of the Web pages to meet the given criteria.
Evidence is simply information - facts and observations about the matter at hand.
Evidence is slightly better than for other readings.
Evidence is slim.
Evidence is something that everybody can agree on.
Evidence is strewn all over the freeway.
Evidence is strong that salt intake is a major determinant of stomach cancer risk.
Evidence is strong that women protect their core temperature in the cold as well or more than men.
Evidence is stronger for similarities among certain principles than for others.
Evidence is subcategorized according to how it is used to support the claim.
Evidence is sufficient if it affords a reasonable basis for estimating loss.
Evidence is sufficient.
Evidence is that it works well.
Evidence is that some public reporting of data can change behavior.
Evidence is that which elucidates and enables the mind to apprehend truth.
Evidence is that which is clear to the vision or understanding.
Evidence is the basic stuff of science.
Evidence is the building block of logic, and thus, reason.
Evidence is the cure.
Evidence is the growing margin between grower and retail prices.
Evidence is the increased efficiency and standardization of modern life.
Evidence is the key word here.
Evidence is the means by which some fact in question is established or disproved.
Evidence is the only subject taught in law schools with which every casual moviegoer has experience.
Evidence is the physical form in which information is presented to the senses.
Evidence is the success of the Hyderabad meeting.
Evidence is the testimony of witnesses, the exhibits, and any stipulations.
Evidence is the vehicle that moves our research from curiosity to reality.
Evidence is undergraduate courses in the field and previous employment.
Evidence is used in support of a point of view along with unsubstantiated opinion.
Evidence is used to support the thesis.
Evidence is very controversial.
Evidence is very easy to come by.
Evidence is very strong that teaming has merits.
Evidence is viewed in light most favorable to the findings of the commission.
Evidence is viewed in the light most favorable to the judgment.
Evidence is widely touted but incomplete.
Evidence is widespread that a credit crunch is underway in Japan.
Evidence is zoning and other administrative proceedings which can be tricky.
Evidence is, however, no more than circumstantial.
Evidence isa cognition.
Evidence isa knowledge.
Evidence largely confirms predictions of the model, favouring a cheap equity view.
Evidence leads experts.
Evidence leads to conclusions.
Evidence leads to hypotheses.
Evidence leads to investigations.
Evidence leads to lack.
Evidence lies in the amount of violence and drug involvement at an increasingly early age.
Evidence linking aluminum with other neurological disorders is either limited or unavailable.
Evidence linking childhood leukemia with the subsequent development of melanoma is mounting.
Evidence links animals with human health.
Evidence links the fish kill to manure from the facility.
Evidence makes a claim believable.
Evidence makes things true.
Evidence now confirms that noncommunicable chronic diseases can stem from infectious agents.
Evidence now exist to support the latter assumption.
Evidence now points to certain viral groups as high risk factors in some cancerous conditions.
Evidence now points to climate change, particularly a change in moisture availability.
Evidence now points to prions as being the cause.
Evidence now seems to dispel the idea that the syndrome kills quickly.
Evidence now suggests horizontal gene transfer.
Evidence now suggests one culprit is mutant sperm.
Evidence offers the prospect of improving the quality of health care.
Evidence offers truth, but fails to explain.
Evidence only can shew.
Evidence opposing the global warming dogma is bountiful.
Evidence pertaining to specific vaccines is provided.
Evidence piles up daily.
Evidence pointing at other suspects is ignored.
Evidence points six different ways.
Evidence points to a crown prince gone berserk over a love affair.
Evidence points to a further increase in the future as the population ages significantly.
Evidence points to a growing number of villagers lured into the smuggling business.
Evidence points to a limited number of people profiting in dramatic disproportion to their inputs.
Evidence points to a perennial problem with robbers living in the Levantine mountains as well.
Evidence points to a series of attempts to hide the truth.
Evidence points to associations with the sun in a few significant ways.
Evidence points to conclusions.
Evidence points to conflicting values among health care personnel.
Evidence points to excesses in physical pleasures, especially in the realms of sex and food.
Evidence points to guerrilla involvement, but no group claimed responsibility.
Evidence points to possible chemical contamination.
Evidence points to suicide.
Evidence points to the contrary.
Evidence points to the dismissal being a bad mistake.
Evidence points to the fact that payday loans get paid before other debts.
Evidence points to the high-fat, low fiber intake typical of the Western diets as the cause.
Evidence points to the latter.
Evidence points to their belonging to Benjamin.
Evidence points to widespread ageism in the health care field.
Evidence points toward the latter.
Evidence presented by the nurses during their depositions further supports the decision.
Evidence proves existence.
Evidence proves presence.
Evidence proves that both elderly men and women benefit from physical activity.
Evidence proves that drugs profoundly affect thinking, coordination, and reaction time.
Evidence proves that there is a decline in fertility among males at advanced ages.
Evidence provides explanations.
Evidence provides insight.
Evidence provides theories.
Evidence raises issues.
Evidence ranges from found items to critical evidence on homicide cases.
Evidence ranges from simple facts to sophisticated statistical and econometric studies.
Evidence ranges widely in quality and credibility.
Evidence recovered by the investigating team indicates a small caliber handgun was involved.
Evidence refers to information that can be matched against criterion.
Evidence refutes liberalism.
Evidence regarding bias is always relevant and always admissible.
Evidence regarding indirect cost are desirable, but are nit required.
Evidence regarding rubella susceptibility is supplied by a cohort study from Scotland.
Evidence regarding the label for a region can come from various sources.
Evidence related to educational achievement is less clear.
Evidence related to the accuracy of the newer technologies is incomplete.
Evidence related to the risk for hypertension is contradictory.
Evidence relating chronic health effects to specific drinking water contaminants is limited.
Evidence relating to fashions and material preferences are the most common.
Evidence relating to pulses, nuts and seeds is limited and inconsistent.
Evidence released so far indicates the shooting was accidental.
Evidence remains lacking for a viral cause.
Evidence report no.
Evidence represents existence.
Evidence requires discrimination picking the relevant rather than problematic or peripheral pieces.
Evidence requires relying on external sources.
Evidence requires the gathering of significant information about a problem.
Evidence reveal identity of executors of Kenya explosion.
Evidence reveals ability.
Evidence reveals differences.
Evidence says otherwise.
Evidence says that the Warden is lost to the human world.
Evidence seems to be mounting that ion concentrations in the air do affect how people feel.
Evidence seems to indicate that larger banks make proportionately fewer small business loans.
Evidence seems to indicate that meat was packed in leaves and covered with clay to prevent charring.
Evidence seems to point to an ancestor common to ancestors of apes and other primates.
Evidence seems to suggest a devolution into recorded history.
Evidence seems to suggest that it fits moderately well to all traded goods as a whole.
Evidence seems to support sarsaparilla as an endotoxin binder.
Evidence sets capture fuzziness, nonspecificity, and conflict in their membership degrees.
Evidence sheds light.
Evidence show that dugongs eat a wide variety of seagrasses and also algae.
Evidence showing the mark in use is attached to the statement of grounds of appeal as exhibit 'C'.
Evidence shows a direct correlation between blood alcohol and alcohol in the brain.
Evidence shows a pattern of unequal pay and unequal treatment of women over a period of many years.
Evidence shows a strong positive association between lower trade barriers and economic growth.
Evidence shows activities.
Evidence shows beetle pollination.
Evidence shows behavior.
Evidence shows benefits.
Evidence shows cardamom to be one of the healthiest herbs on the planet.
Evidence shows common patterns.
Evidence shows contribute factors.
Evidence shows differences.
Evidence shows dinosaurs.
Evidence shows diversity.
Evidence shows effects.
Evidence shows estrogen reduces the risk of coronary heart disease.
Evidence shows e-tailers care less about existing customers.
Evidence shows events.
Evidence shows evolution.
Evidence shows factors.
Evidence shows features.
Evidence shows field test for drugs are unreliable.
Evidence shows functions.
Evidence shows importance.
Evidence shows increased insecticide resistance.
Evidence shows involvement.
Evidence shows it often does, which makes college coaching awfully enticing.
Evidence shows key features.
Evidence shows lack.
Evidence shows laetrile is neither safe nor effective.
Evidence shows money went for personal uses.
Evidence shows mother and daughter had a strained relationship.
Evidence shows paths.
Evidence shows patterns.
Evidence shows pollination.
Evidence shows requirements.
Evidence shows same paths.
Evidence shows several features.
Evidence shows several key features.
Evidence shows strong public schools increase property values and reduce crime.
Evidence shows that affirmative action goals succeed and make large contributions.
Evidence shows that an optimistic coping style augments the immune response.
Evidence shows that boys do excel in math, and girls appear to do better in verbal-related skills.
Evidence shows that business is voluntarily and effectively dealing with real ergonomic issues.
Evidence shows that calcium antagonists reduce cardiovascular end points in diabetic patients.
Evidence shows that child care, in large doses, is very unhealthy.
Evidence shows that children tend to do best when they have ongoing contact with both parents.
Evidence shows that children who engage in fantasy play use a more complex vocabulary and grammar.
Evidence shows that copper and all-plastic IUDs help protect against ectopic pregnancy while in use.
Evidence shows that cystine-based stones tend to run in families.
Evidence shows that DNA repeats do indeed have meaning.
Evidence shows that donations increase when centers open and decrease when they close.
Evidence shows that drug treatment plans work.
Evidence shows that economies have achieved some success at relative decoupling.
Evidence shows that ecosystems are already being affected by climate change.
Evidence shows that even grade school kids prefer zoological topics to botanical ones.
Evidence shows that exercise can also be a danger factor for eating disorders.
Evidence shows that flatback sea turtles make seaweed part of their diets.
Evidence shows that freshwater fish in Maine often survive an encounter with a young sea lamprey.
Evidence shows that health hazards tend to cluster.
Evidence shows that higher tobacco taxes generate increases in revenues.
Evidence shows that information technology greatly enhances quality initiatives and error reduction.
Evidence shows that it is anything but a diet drink.
Evidence shows that it is updated every few months at the latest.
Evidence shows that kids in that age group want to hear from their parents.
Evidence shows that many big city mayors are turning their education systems around as well.
Evidence shows that microbial communities are present deep within the earth.
Evidence shows that Neanderthals matured much faster physically than the modern human.
Evidence shows that passive smoking can also increase the risk of heart disease.
Evidence shows that people strike a compromise when they publish home pages.
Evidence shows that people who use violence to settle disputes have experienced violence themselves.
Evidence shows that plowing no-till soils is deadly for earthworms.
Evidence shows that polygamy continued despite the promise to abandon it.
Evidence shows that potential criminals respond to incentives.
Evidence shows that processing actually improves the bioavailability of lycopene.
Evidence shows that productivity increases with smaller farms.
Evidence shows that programs that provide better quality services are more successful.
Evidence shows that some impacts are occurring.
Evidence shows that some tannins inhibit the growth of bacteria that cause tooth decay.
Evidence shows that some women overestimate their risk, while others underestimate their risk.
Evidence shows that students who study outside the classroom usually make the fastest progress.
Evidence shows that subjects who diet and lose weight also lose bone.
Evidence shows that such children risk developing emotional, social or academic problems.
Evidence shows that surgeons who have performed more procedures have higher success rates.
Evidence shows that targeting areas can achieve striking results.
Evidence shows that the approach works.
Evidence shows that the beetles are suppressing the growth of purple loosestrife.
Evidence shows that the cognitively impaired are more sensitive to their surroundings.
Evidence shows that the economy has slowed to below-trend growth in the first quarter of the year.
Evidence shows that the fifth mass extinction is occurring now.
Evidence shows that the former areas are far better protected than the latter.
Evidence shows that the judge also committed other ethical violations.
Evidence shows that the market is in line with global trends while exhibiting some national trends.
Evidence shows that the Mediterranean diet improves cardiovascular outcomes.
Evidence shows that the projects are doing their job.
Evidence shows that the rate of bone loss is largely unaffected by dairy products.
Evidence shows that the remedy can work.
Evidence shows that the sense of taste is more complex than previously believed.
Evidence shows that the temperature dropped at the end of the Mesozoic era and the sea levels fell.
Evidence shows that the young turtles remain inshore following the initial swim frenzy.
Evidence shows that there is a direct correlation between class size and learning ability.
Evidence shows that there is an increasing marginalization of some parts of the world.
Evidence shows that they had the technology to put together a hot-air balloon.
Evidence shows that they often tell their school peers of their thoughts and plans.
Evidence shows that treated nets can cut malaria deaths by nearly a quarter.
Evidence shows that treated physicians are no more of a risk to the public than other physicians.
Evidence shows that violence passes from generation to generation.
Evidence shows that vitamin E protects against neuron damage and heart attacks.
Evidence shows that water molds the earth's surface through rivers and ocean waves.
Evidence shows that water molds the earth's surface through, rivers, and ocean waves.
Evidence shows that women with longer periods of maternity leave are more likely to return to work.
Evidence shows that women, particularly, have been denied their basic human rights.
Evidence shows that young men can learn responsible sexual behaviour.
Evidence shows that, in the last eight years, the sea lampreys have decreased dramatically.
Evidence shows the costly toll modern living takes on our health.
Evidence shows theories.
Evidence shows they used communal nesting grounds and tended their newly hatched young.
Evidence shows types.
Evidence shows whites did directly displace blacks in some areas during the decade.
Evidence simply means information.
Evidence sits in boxes collecting dust.
Evidence speaks louder than emotion.
Evidence specifies data quality.
Evidence still exists showing the old home sites where people once lived and farmed.
Evidence still remains of their long occupation.
Evidence strongly suggests African origins for humanity.
Evidence strongly suggests that technology alone is no panacea.
Evidence submitted by witnesses, extract from ship's log, and final report.
Evidence suggest that elder women, the mothers of the clan received the highest social respect.
Evidence suggest that many do.
Evidence suggest that oxLDL is a key component in endothelial injury .
Evidence suggest that the Pill can help to protect against cancer of the ovary or the uterus lining.
Evidence suggests a discernible human impact on climate change.
Evidence suggests a higher incidence of uterine fibroids in black women than in white women.
Evidence suggests a sedentary way of life for the Natufian people.
Evidence suggests ability.
Evidence suggests actions.
Evidence suggests adverse consequences.
Evidence suggests adverse health consequences.
Evidence suggests ancestors.
Evidence suggests animal feed methods.
Evidence suggests assisted-living overbuilding nationwide.
Evidence suggests benefits.
Evidence suggests characteristics.
Evidence suggests China's capacity was enhanced by the theft of American technology.
Evidence suggests common ancestors.
Evidence suggests consequences.
Evidence suggests conversions.
Evidence suggests decomposition.
Evidence suggests dietary factors.
Evidence suggests dominant factors.
Evidence suggests effective strategies.
Evidence suggests even prehistoric people told stories.
Evidence suggests evolution.
Evidence suggests examples.
Evidence suggests extended use can cause brain tumors.
Evidence suggests factors.
Evidence suggests features.
Evidence suggests functions.
Evidence suggests global glaciation.
Evidence suggests guidance.
Evidence suggests health consequences.
Evidence suggests health.
Evidence suggests illness induces hyperalgesia.
Evidence suggests improvement.
Evidence suggests indicators.
Evidence suggests individual characteristics.
Evidence suggests involvement.
Evidence suggests it can be caused by peanut oil in some skin creams.
Evidence suggests it is a symptom of deep institutional weaknesses.
Evidence suggests it was secretly kept by the Knights Templars.
Evidence suggests large funeral attendance.
Evidence suggests life.
Evidence suggests methods.
Evidence suggests migration.
Evidence suggests mutations to be random and detrimental.
Evidence suggests ocean life.
Evidence suggests one hurdle to prediction is proper characterization of actual exposure conditions.
Evidence suggests other changes are also occurring.
Evidence suggests other characteristics.
Evidence suggests other individual characteristics.
Evidence suggests otherwise.
Evidence suggests pastors are moving or dropping out at an increasing rate.
Evidence suggests possibility.
Evidence suggests productivity.
Evidence suggests protection against colon cancer and probably breast cancer.
Evidence suggests single common ancestors.
Evidence suggests South Florida is already paying an economic tariff in that regard.
Evidence suggests strategies.
Evidence suggests survival.
Evidence suggests that a first zoster episode boosts the immune system to ward off another attack.
Evidence suggests that a meteorite crashed into the earth's surface.
Evidence suggests that a post translational event is affected.
Evidence suggests that adequate pain management reduces morbidity and the likelihood of abuse.
Evidence suggests that adult beetles are attracted to previously damaged leaves.
Evidence suggests that although state policies promote diversity, greater intervention is needed.
Evidence suggests that analgesia was mediated by local action within the joint.
Evidence suggests that aspects of the program live on.
Evidence suggests that attractive cultivars produce more nectar than others.
Evidence suggests that biological, psychological, cultural, and genetic factors are all involved.
Evidence suggests that buyers are willing to buy fine art sight unseen.
Evidence suggests that channel flow has direct impact to scour the lower parts of the gully.
Evidence suggests that children who participate in physical activity improve their self-esteem.
Evidence suggests that chronic cardiac reactivity contributes to coronary artery disease.
Evidence suggests that coaches and parents provide most of the stress for the kids.
Evidence suggests that co-morbid conditions that decrease employability can be treated.
Evidence suggests that cougars are behaving oddly.
Evidence suggests that cultivation existed in Ontario ten centuries ago.
Evidence suggests that curriculum-based examinations increase student achievement.
Evidence suggests that cystinosin transports cystine out of lysosomes in a pmf-dependent process.
Evidence suggests that diastrophic dysplasia is genetically homogeneous, at least in Finland.
Evidence suggests that each week two to three Canadian women are killed by current or past lovers.
Evidence suggests that economic difficulties spur an increase in suicidal behavior.
Evidence suggests that employers benefit when they take steps to support dependent care.
Evidence suggests that etoposide is also active against gestational trophoblastic tumors.
Evidence suggests that even low corruption in Russia is part of a larger crime network.
Evidence suggests that even when fed regularly, a cat's basic instinct to hunt remains strong.
Evidence suggests that excess protein contributes to degenerative diseases.
Evidence suggests that exercise helps reduce bone loss.
Evidence suggests that fat plays a role in the development of breast cancer.
Evidence suggests that females compete amongst each other by eating the eggs of other rival females.
Evidence suggests that fiber helps reduce estrogen levels by trapping it in the digestive tract.
Evidence suggests that gray whales once occurred in the North Atlantic.
Evidence suggests that hGH-deficient adults suffer chronic health problems.
Evidence suggests that home injuries result in more lost days from work than workplace injuries.
Evidence suggests that hyporheic exchange is significant in large streams of the Willamette Basin.
Evidence suggests that in such situations, early marriage is on the rise.
Evidence suggests that India's new interest in the nuclear option was of great concern to Pakistan.
Evidence suggests that intrinsic motivation is important.
Evidence suggests that it does.
Evidence suggests that it is a job for which competent people have limited patience.
Evidence suggests that it is produced by inhibitory input from cartwheel cells.
Evidence suggests that it was removed during salvage efforts.
Evidence suggests that it was the common ancestor of all land plants.
Evidence suggests that lacewings, predatory mites, and other predators feed on thrips larvae.
Evidence suggests that lead contamination is from contact with the soldering seals of the radiator.
Evidence suggests that lead is a greater danger when inhaled than when ingested.
Evidence suggests that man existed from the beginning.
Evidence suggests that mankind is adding a global warming trend to the natural variability.
Evidence suggests that many endemic reservoirs of wild poliovirus have been eliminated.
Evidence suggests that many seeds germinate during important longer wet periods.
Evidence suggests that Mars once had rivers, streams, lakes, and even an ocean.
Evidence suggests that Mars was once abundant with it.
Evidence suggests that mature heartworm adults maybe rendered sterile in animals other than canines.
Evidence suggests that men and women benefit equally from thrombolytic therapy.
Evidence suggests that men have traded as long as they have had language.
Evidence suggests that neuralgic, vascular, and chemical factor are involved.
Evidence suggests that newspaper owners use endorsement decisions to secure access to politicians.
Evidence suggests that now there are very few church members who actually know a missionary.
Evidence suggests that obesity often has more than one cause.
Evidence suggests that one cache had been opened and the meat retrieved.
Evidence suggests that osteosarcoma can run in families.
Evidence suggests that other factors also play important roles.
Evidence suggests that our efforts have been successful.
Evidence suggests that ozone can help reduce filamentous stringy algae on the pond walls.
Evidence suggests that pastors are moving or dropping out at an increasing rate.
Evidence suggests that phosphorus is transferred largely as inorganic orthophosphate .
Evidence suggests that physical changes in the ageing brain are of major importance.
Evidence suggests that plants can sense gravity within a few seconds of turning.
Evidence suggests that poverty and educational costs affect girls disproportionately.
Evidence suggests that predation on livestock is opportunistic rather than habitual.
Evidence suggests that prion diseases can be either infectious or inherited.
Evidence suggests that prostaglandin injections are beneficial for postpartum therapy in sows.
Evidence suggests that relaxin helps people who suffer from sleep disorders.
Evidence suggests that schizophrenia is due to an inherited biochemical abnormality in the brain.
Evidence suggests that self-psychology's influence has permeated broadly in psychology.
Evidence suggests that serotonin plays a role in migraine.
Evidence suggests that skin permeation can occur in amounts capable of producing systemic toxicity.
Evidence suggests that sleep deprivation can impair memory.
Evidence suggests that sobriety checkpoints can reduce the number of alcohol-related accidents.
Evidence suggests that some agent in the cotton bract leads to development of bronchoconstriction.
Evidence suggests that some biological aspects of being female make women more prone to depression.
Evidence suggests that some cognitive impairment in alcoholics is reversible.
Evidence suggests that some do.
Evidence suggests that some hawksbill populations show cyclic nesting migrations.
Evidence suggests that some lines of bees are resistant to the disease.
Evidence suggests that such changes improve teaching and learning for all students.
Evidence suggests that such closures have already resulted in the loss of millions of bats.
Evidence suggests that such relationship can be damaging for women.
Evidence suggests that temperature and heart attack risk are linked.
Evidence suggests that the biological effects of CR are closely related to chromatin function.
Evidence suggests that the burden of falling earnings has been borne disproportionately by women.
Evidence suggests that the compromise chosen by description logics is a particularly successful one.
Evidence suggests that the courts protect individual rights in criminal cases.
Evidence suggests that the development of geometric ideas progresses through a hierarchy.
Evidence suggests that the disease can jump from species to species when a diseased animal is eaten.
Evidence suggests that the dog has vision similar to a human who is red-green color blind.
Evidence suggests that the downward slope of civil rights has already begun.
Evidence suggests that the economic benefits that do accrue provide only low wage, seasonal jobs.
Evidence suggests that the elderly are particularly at risk when atrial fibrillation is present.
Evidence suggests that the gap between haves and have-nots has increased.
Evidence suggests that the ghazal as musical genre has thrived for several centuries in North India.
Evidence suggests that the glycine is secreted by larvae into gut lumen.
Evidence suggests that the Hebrew calendar is still tracking dates significant to the gospel plan.
Evidence suggests that the highest rates of return come from investing in early childhood education.
Evidence suggests that the ignorance was, and is, a cover-up.
Evidence suggests that the incidence of Cvs is presently grossly underestimated.
Evidence suggests that the interior layers arose long ago from heat, cooling and gravity.
Evidence suggests that the Internet can be a powerful weight loss tool.
Evidence suggests that the loss occurs primarily in the weight-bearing bones of the legs and spine.
Evidence suggests that the lungs are normal at birth.
Evidence suggests that the man committed suicide.
Evidence suggests that the mass of most galaxies is dominated by dark matter.
Evidence suggests that the older person's muscle is just as trainable to that of a younger person.
Evidence suggests that the primary mode of transmission is through bite wounds.
Evidence suggests that the species was severely depleted during the Roman era.
Evidence suggests that the structure had no doors in the walls.
Evidence suggests that the syndrome is quite common.
Evidence suggests that the timing of flowering is primarily controlled by daylength.
Evidence suggests that the young are raised in secluded thickets.
Evidence suggests that there are still many ignorant people in our community.
Evidence suggests that there is a strong genetic influence on peak bone mass.
Evidence suggests that there is no benefit of ultrasound for soft-tissue shoulder disorders.
Evidence suggests that there is scope for a reduction in margins.
Evidence suggests that they are closely related.
Evidence suggests that they are definitely of American origin.
Evidence suggests that they are habitually engaged in fraud and racketeering.
Evidence suggests that they are involved in auxin transport throughout higher plant species.
Evidence suggests that they are safe to use.
Evidence suggests that they had used up the available fuelwood in the area.
Evidence suggests that they originated in fresh water, then colonized marine systems.
Evidence suggests that they planted crops of yams and grass along the Murray.
Evidence suggests that thousands of avoidable caesareans are performed each year.
Evidence suggests that T-lymphocytes lead the attack on the skin.
Evidence suggests that tobacco advertising is a major influence in youth smoking.
Evidence suggests that violence is a very effective way of settling things.
Evidence suggests that walking is declining as population switches to car use.
Evidence suggests that when the patient no longer fears pain, dental fear declines.
Evidence suggests that wide, undefined point ranges encourage arbitrary scoring.
Evidence suggests that younger GPs are better at treating depression among their patients.
Evidence suggests that's true for kids under age eight.
Evidence suggests the affirmative.
Evidence suggests the answer is yes.
Evidence suggests the apartment was broken into through a window next to the fire escape.
Evidence suggests the bishop's stipend was set very close to that of a parish priest's.
Evidence suggests the common people farmed and made tools, ornaments and pottery.
Evidence suggests the fight started almost by accident.
Evidence suggests the former.
Evidence suggests the latter.
Evidence suggests the process of resegregation already is under way.
Evidence suggests the site is the product of two different religious systems.
Evidence suggests the tractor then began to roll.
Evidence suggests the use of calendula for some viral infections.
Evidence suggests there have been no volcanic eruptions for millions of year, however.
Evidence suggests there is little likelihood of behavioral or genetic adjustments.
Evidence suggests there was wide variation in the education of personnel in the combat setting.
Evidence suggests they are attracted to humanoid women in white.
Evidence suggests they are succeeding.
Evidence suggests they can even move over land and through groundwater.
Evidence suggests they're wrong.
Evidence suggests total system productivity.
Evidence suggests use of an accelerant.
Evidence suggests vitamin E is essential for proper circulation and production of sex hormones.
Evidence suggests warnings for living near agriculture and exposure to certain pesticides.
Evidence suggests, however, that it is a risky and unwise commitment.
Evidence suggests, however, that the law varied from colony to colony and region to region.
Evidence suggests, however, that there was army and police complicity involved.
Evidence suggests, however, that they play a major role.
Evidence supplied by local farmers suggests that land resources are increasingly being degraded.
Evidence supplied here is by no means comprehensive.
Evidence supplies the warrant for all our absurd claims.
Evidence supporting an adverse effect on aerobic performance is widespread and with few exceptions.
Evidence supporting highlighting continues to grow.
Evidence supporting the arguments is well researched and convincing.
Evidence supporting the benefits of nonpharmacological therapies remains inconclusive.
Evidence supporting the minor role that country of origin plays in purchase decisions abounds.
Evidence supporting the spread of disease through irrigation with reclaimed water is scarce.
Evidence supporting the theory of evolution exists throughout our world.
Evidence supporting which dating method seems superior in placing the event in time.
Evidence supports a genetic basis for the disease.
Evidence supports a high degree of correspondence among methods which assess dreaming frequency.
Evidence supports a myoblast fusion model of muscle fiber formation.
Evidence supports a relationship between a high-fat diet and increased risk.
Evidence supports astrological theories.
Evidence supports benefits.
Evidence supports big bang theories.
Evidence supports both views.
Evidence supports damages award.
Evidence supports development.
Evidence supports effectiveness.
Evidence supports energy sources.
Evidence supports evolution.
Evidence supports evolutionary scenarios.
Evidence supports existence.
Evidence supports facts.
Evidence supports functions.
Evidence supports health benefits from eating fruits and vegetables.
Evidence supports health benefits.
Evidence supports how important it is to teach and adapt to all children.
Evidence supports hypotheses.
Evidence supports ideas.
Evidence supports intake.
Evidence supports latter hypotheses.
Evidence supports management.
Evidence supports notions.
Evidence supports occurrences.
Evidence supports origin hypotheses.
Evidence supports original hypotheses.
Evidence supports predictions.
Evidence supports proposals.
Evidence supports responses.
Evidence supports scenarios.
Evidence supports sources.
Evidence supports status.
Evidence supports suggestions.
Evidence supports tectonic plate theories.
Evidence supports tectonic theories.
Evidence supports that determination.
Evidence supports that rupture velocity is also spatially heterogeneous.
Evidence supports that they have intentionally suppressed material evidence from getting to public.
Evidence supports the concept that the roots of essential hypertension extends back to childhood.
Evidence supports the potential role of beta-carotene in cancer prevention.
Evidence supports the theory of evolution.
Evidence supports the trial court's adjustment.
Evidence supports the trial court's conclusion.
Evidence supports the trial court's decision.
Evidence supports the trial court's determination.
Evidence supports the trial court's equitable distribution decision, as modified.
Evidence supports the trial court's finding.
Evidence supports the use of methimazole over propylthiouracil.
Evidence supports theories.
Evidence supports trial court's determination that defendant is a sexually oriented offender.
Evidence surfaces that someone is snatching environmentally protected plants.
Evidence survives for three temples built on the same site.
Evidence survives in numerous placenames of norse origin.
Evidence survives of two doorways from the cross passage into the wing.
Evidence syntheses in child health.
Evidence taken at the hearing is subject to rebuttal upon final hearing before the board.
Evidence tending to inculpate the defendant always carries with it some prejudice.
Evidence tends to favor the latter possibility.
Evidence then is turned over to the district attorney for use in prosecutions.
Evidence there indicates a local flood caused by activity in the Persian Gulf.
Evidence there is weak.
Evidence thereof is absent.
Evidence tos support analyses.
Evidence tos support strategies.
Evidence turns more on human nature and the public, twelve at a time in a jury box.
Evidence wins the case.
Evidences are professional in appearance and congruent with the standards.
Evidences are somewhat diverse.
Evidences are the real-world data which apologists often use in constructing their defense.
Evidences commitment to personal and professional development when working with older adults.
Evidences commitment to personal and professional development when working with pediatric clients.
Evidences commitment to personal and professional development.
Evidences friendliness and outgoingness in desire for social acceptance.
Evidences gives church or school classes an eye-opening experience that builds trust in the Bible.
Evidences however stem from neutrino oscillations searches.
Evidences show that pesticide residues has potential to contaminate groundwater.
Evidence usually disappears after a day.
Evidence usually takes longer to arrive.
All evidence becomes a part of the hearing record and serves as the factual basis for the decision.
All evidence becomes public information.
All evidence entering and exiting the evidence room is handled by a detective.
All evidence idicates the name is of German origin.
All evidence indicate it is in original condition.
All evidence indicates freedom of inquiry for faculty and students.
All evidence indicates otherwise.
All evidence indicates that it is beneficial for fish to be members of a school.
All evidence indicates that such anesthesia does decrease the pain and stress on the infant.
All evidence indicates that the fission and activation products have decayed into stable isotopes.
All evidence indicates that the two are deeply in love.
All evidence indicates that they defended themselves against an unprovoked attack by federal agents.
All evidence indicates therein lies the change.
All evidence indicates they wish to again.
All evidence is against it.
All evidence is presented as it is gathered.
All evidence is purely circumstantial.
All evidence is received in the main hearing.
All evidence is reviewed.
All evidence is selective.
All evidence is subject to interpretation.
All evidence is to the contrary.
All evidence is viewed in the light most favorable to the non-moving party.
All evidence is viewed in the light most favorable to the party opposing summary judgment.
All evidence is weighed by the panel, a decision is reached and an order is made.
All evidence otherwise is just another story to be told.
All evidence points to a designer.
All evidence points to a hardware problem with one of the phone company's routers in Philadelphia.
All evidence points to a North Korean leader who is intelligent, rational, and coldly calculating.
All evidence points to an economic rebound.
All evidence points to continued employment reduction.
All evidence points to Evolution as a hoax.
All evidence points to more sophisticated computer systems entering the home.
All evidence points to most penguins coming to shore alive.
All evidence points to running water in Mars' past history.
All evidence points to the accuracy of that statement.
All evidence points to the benefits of continuing to nurse for at least one year.
All evidence points to the conclusion that for computers, sex is just fun, nothing more.
All evidence points to the contrary.
All evidence points to the crucial importance of social experience in personality development.
All evidence points to the decedent's death as a suicide.
All evidence points to the existence of more suffering and frustrations today than ever before.
All evidence points to the importance of new research at the disease-environment interphase.
All evidence points to the latter.
All evidence points to the specific association of an abnormal form of the prion protein and TSEs.
All evidence quoted is anecdotal.
All evidence seems to be circumstancial, so to speak, the rest is interpretation and psychology.
All evidence seems to indicate that the gravitational and inertial masses are equal.
All evidence shows that the breed has been established for thousands of years in China.
All evidence suggests that evolution is the way things happened.
All evidence suggests that it is a five-wave structure marking the market s last hurrah.
All evidence suggests that spring has finally arrived in Iowa.
All evidence suggests that the herb as a whole is safe if used as recommended.
All evidence suggests that women did drive.
All evidence suggests they've done it.
All evidence underscores a common theme.
Any evidence favouring docking is treated dismissively.
Any evidence pointing to a different conclusion tends to be disregarded.
Every evidence is given of shortcuts in preparation and lack of attention to detail.
More evidence abounds.
More evidence accumulates to show that supernutrition in any form carries some risk to the health.
More evidence also comes from the enormous attention paid to aesthetic matters in the popular press.
More evidence comes from the performance of different stock brokerage firms.
More evidence continues to build that money is poised to flow into the stock market.
More evidence exists for a flag with a red star centered on a white field.
More evidence exists for the identification of brakelands.
More evidence exists of piercing and engraving than carving.
More evidence is awaited.
More evidence is found in the order of names.
More evidence is mounting and here are a few excerpts.
More evidence is needed to convince an arbitrator to rule in the broker's favor.
More evidence is needed to inform policy makers, especially in developing countries.
More evidence is needed to make a proper identification.
More evidence is needed to support prophylactic use of indomethacin.
More evidence is needed.
More evidence is the presence of carbon and hydrogen compounds.
More evidence now corroborates the notion that old combs can lead to bee management problems.
Most evidence comes from analyses.
Most evidence comes from arrangements.
Most evidence comes from comparison.
Most evidence comes from embryonic data and innervation patterns.
Most evidence comes from everyday experience.
Most evidence comes from exotic places.
Most evidence comes from experience.
Most evidence comes from experiments.
Most evidence comes from facts.
Most evidence comes from observations.
Most evidence comes from patterns.
Most evidence comes from places.
Most evidence comes from responses.
Most evidence comes from scientists.
Most evidence comes from sighting.
Most evidence comes from sites.
Most evidence comes from studies of moderate alcohol consumption.
Most evidence comes to light.
Most evidence confirms presence.
Most evidence currently indicates that cephalopods are color blind.
Most evidence demonstrates benefits.
Most evidence demonstrates potential.
Most evidence disproves theories.
Most evidence focuses on consequences.
Most evidence has effects.
Most evidence helps scientists.
Most evidence includes development.
Most evidence includes discoveries.
Most evidence includes observations.
Most evidence indicates ability.
Most evidence indicates artistic ability.
Most evidence indicates causes.
Most evidence indicates considerable differences.
Most evidence indicates demographic differences.
Most evidence indicates development.
Most evidence indicates differences.
Most evidence indicates early development.
Most evidence indicates earth.
Most evidence indicates ecosystem stability.
Most evidence indicates existence.
Most evidence indicates factors.
Most evidence indicates great artistic ability.
Most evidence indicates growth.
Most evidence indicates life.
Most evidence indicates likelihood.
Most evidence indicates measurements.
Most evidence indicates past life.
Most evidence indicates phases.
Most evidence indicates population size.
Most evidence indicates presence.
Most evidence indicates roles.
Most evidence indicates size.
Most evidence indicates stability.
Most evidence indicates symptoms.
Most evidence indicates that physical dependence is a central nrevous system phenomena.
Most evidence indicates types.
Most evidence influences darwin theories.
Most evidence influences theories.
Most evidence is anecdotal.
Most evidence is from marine invertebrates with hard shells or skeletons.
Most evidence is from physiological experiments as described above.
Most evidence is offered by witnesses who testify before the court.
Most evidence is presented by oral testimony of witnesses who testify under oath.
Most evidence is presented by the oral testimony of witnesses who testify under oath.
Most evidence is presented in books.
Most evidence is questionable to some degree.
Most evidence leads experts.
Most evidence leads to conclusions.
Most evidence leads to hypotheses.
Most evidence leads to investigations.
Most evidence leads to lack.
Most evidence now is that the mutation results in a gain of function.
Most evidence points to that being a misconception.
Most evidence points to that conclusion.
Most evidence points toward a northeast migration.
Most evidence proves existence.
Most evidence proves presence.
Most evidence provides explanations.
Most evidence provides insight.
Most evidence provides theories.
Most evidence raises issues.
Most evidence represents existence.
Most evidence reveals ability.
Most evidence reveals differences.
Most evidence sheds light.
Most evidence shows activities.
Most evidence shows beetle pollination.
Most evidence shows behavior.
Most evidence shows benefits.
Most evidence shows common patterns.
Most evidence shows contribute factors.
Most evidence shows differences.
Most evidence shows dinosaurs.
Most evidence shows diversity.
Most evidence shows effects.
Most evidence shows events.
Most evidence shows evolution.
Most evidence shows factors.
Most evidence shows features.
Most evidence shows functions.
Most evidence shows importance.
Most evidence shows involvement.
Most evidence shows key features.
Most evidence shows lack.
Most evidence shows paths.
Most evidence shows patterns.
Most evidence shows pollination.
Most evidence shows requirements.
Most evidence shows same paths.
Most evidence shows several features.
Most evidence shows several key features.
Most evidence shows theories.
Most evidence shows types.
Most evidence suggests ability.
Most evidence suggests actions.
Most evidence suggests adverse consequences.
Most evidence suggests adverse health consequences.
Most evidence suggests ancestors.
Most evidence suggests animal feed methods.
Most evidence suggests benefits.
Most evidence suggests characteristics.
Most evidence suggests common ancestors.
Most evidence suggests consequences.
Most evidence suggests conversions.
Most evidence suggests decomposition.
Most evidence suggests dietary factors.
Most evidence suggests dominant factors.
Most evidence suggests effective strategies.
Most evidence suggests evolution.
Most evidence suggests examples.
Most evidence suggests factors.
Most evidence suggests features.
Most evidence suggests functions.
Most evidence suggests guidance.
Most evidence suggests health consequences.
Most evidence suggests health.
Most evidence suggests improvement.
Most evidence suggests indicators.
Most evidence suggests individual characteristics.
Most evidence suggests involvement.
Most evidence suggests life.
Most evidence suggests methods.
Most evidence suggests migration.
Most evidence suggests no relationship between sexual activity or vasectomy with prostate cancer.
Most evidence suggests ocean life.
Most evidence suggests other characteristics.
Most evidence suggests other individual characteristics.
Most evidence suggests possibility.
Most evidence suggests productivity.
Most evidence suggests single common ancestors.
Most evidence suggests strategies.
Most evidence suggests survival.
Most evidence suggests that alcohol consumption within several years of diagnosis is important.
Most evidence suggests that all sexual deviations and their variations are learned behavior.
Most evidence suggests that children led rather care-free lives.
Most evidence suggests that our early ancestors came out of Africa.
Most evidence suggests that the modern bird orders are accurate taxa.
Most evidence suggests that western tanagers prefer areas with moderate canopy cover.
Most evidence suggests total system productivity.
Most evidence supports astrological theories.
Most evidence supports benefits.
Most evidence supports big bang theories.
Most evidence supports development.
Most evidence supports effectiveness.
Most evidence supports energy sources.
Most evidence supports evolution.
Most evidence supports evolutionary scenarios.
Most evidence supports existence.
Most evidence supports facts.
Most evidence supports functions.
Most evidence supports health benefits.
Most evidence supports hypotheses.
Most evidence supports ideas.
Most evidence supports intake.
Most evidence supports latter hypotheses.
Most evidence supports management.
Most evidence supports notions.
Most evidence supports occurrences.
Most evidence supports origin hypotheses.
Most evidence supports original hypotheses.
Most evidence supports predictions.
Most evidence supports proposals.
Most evidence supports responses.
Most evidence supports scenarios.
Most evidence supports sources.
Most evidence supports status.
Most evidence supports suggestions.
Most evidence supports tectonic plate theories.
Most evidence supports tectonic theories.
Most evidence supports theories.
Much evidence calls into question the teaching's basic premises.
Much evidence does support the fact that some women suffer a lot psychologically.
Much evidence exists that points to the possibility of the existence of life from other worlds.
Much evidence is anecdotal.
Much evidence is excluded simply because of failure to achieve the status of habit.
Much evidence is provided about the harmful results of ability grouping.
Much evidence opposes the former.
Much evidence points to a serious disconnect between science and public perceptions.
Much evidence points toward declining demand for low-skilled workers as a crucial factor.
Much evidence remains secret, covered by grand jury confidentiality and judicial protective orders.
Much evidence suggests changes in winter food availability is a primary factor.
Much evidence suggests that Basaltic magmas result from dry partial melting of mantle.
Much evidence suggests that genes play a role in the development of alcoholism.
Much evidence suggests that stress increases ones susceptibility to a cold.
Much evidence suggests that there is a threshold of dosage above which retinopathy appears.
Much evidence support an effect of electromagnetic fields on regeneration.
Much evidence supporting burning as a natural community restoration tool in wetlands is anecdotal.
Much evidence survives in the form of ring forts, passage graves and sacred enclosures.
Some evidence also points to a link between vitamin D and reduced risk of colon cancer.
Some evidence also shows that zinc-containing toothpaste can reduce existing plaque.
Some evidence also suggests an association between obesity and stillbirths.
Some evidence also suggests that narcotics reduce the frequency of periodic leg movements.
Some evidence also suggests that regular alcohol consumption increases breast cancer risk in women.
Some evidence also suggests that smoking leads to decreased attentiveness and efficiency.
Some evidence also suggests that the hormones change the lining of the uterus.
Some evidence also suggests the procedure can reduce the risk of the rare penile cancer.
Some evidence also suggests village specialization in ceramic production.
Some evidence comes from demonstrations.
Some evidence comes from designs.
Some evidence comes from expedition.
Some evidence comes from fields.
Some evidence comes from magnetic fields.
Some evidence comes from measurements.
Some evidence comes from tradition.
Some evidence concerns conservation.
Some evidence confirms assessments.
Some evidence confirms exploitation.
Some evidence consists of single specimens.
Some evidence consists of specimens.
Some evidence contains substances.
Some evidence creates problems.
Some evidence demonstrates domestication.
Some evidence demonstrates effects.
Some evidence demonstrates evolution.
Some evidence demonstrates excretion.
Some evidence demonstrates extinction.
Some evidence demonstrates importance.
Some evidence demonstrates investigations.
Some evidence demonstrates reasonable investigations.
Some evidence demonstrates roles.
Some evidence demonstrates variation.
Some evidence derives from anatomies.
Some evidence derives from comparative anatomies.
Some evidence directly instantiates nodes or probabilistic variables on an inference network.
Some evidence disproves ideas.
Some evidence does exist, however.
Some evidence exists for bowel syndromes.
Some evidence exists for syndromes.
Some evidence exists that auditory stimuli can influence sexual development.
Some evidence exists that bioluminescence is also critical to triggering full mor- phogenesis.
Some evidence exists that early morning applications are safer to crop than afternoon applications.
Some evidence exists that macular degeneration is, in part, an inherited disease.
Some evidence exists that management is committed to safety and health.
Some evidence exists that prognosis is better with less severe symptoms.
Some evidence exists that teens who attend schools that open later get more sleep.
Some evidence exists, however, that obese women delay or avoid medical and preventive care services.
Some evidence favors the latter hypothesis.
Some evidence finds trans fats as bad as saturated fats in raising cholesterol.
Some evidence includes harvest.
Some evidence indicates a possible link between the two cultures.
Some evidence indicates a possible link between the two culutres.
Some evidence indicates absorption.
Some evidence indicates addiction.
Some evidence indicates an origin from comets.
Some evidence indicates benefits.
Some evidence indicates bird feathers.
Some evidence indicates cell metabolism.
Some evidence indicates conditions.
Some evidence indicates cultural diversity.
Some evidence indicates death.
Some evidence indicates debris.
Some evidence indicates degeneration.
Some evidence indicates dependence.
Some evidence indicates diseases.
Some evidence indicates disorder.
Some evidence indicates diversification.
Some evidence indicates diversity.
Some evidence indicates effort.
Some evidence indicates energy intake.
Some evidence indicates environmental conditions.
Some evidence indicates events.
Some evidence indicates evolution.
Some evidence indicates expansion.
Some evidence indicates feathers.
Some evidence indicates fields.
Some evidence indicates filtration.
Some evidence indicates genus.
Some evidence indicates hippos.
Some evidence indicates howler monkeys.
Some evidence indicates infection.
Some evidence indicates infectious diseases.
Some evidence indicates ingestion.
Some evidence indicates intake.
Some evidence indicates locations.
Some evidence indicates marmots.
Some evidence indicates members.
Some evidence indicates metabolism.
Some evidence indicates monkeys.
Some evidence indicates movement.
Some evidence indicates observations.
Some evidence indicates onsets.
Some evidence indicates periods.
Some evidence indicates properties.
Some evidence indicates relatives.
Some evidence indicates results.
Some evidence indicates sclerosis.
Some evidence indicates sites.
Some evidence indicates states.
Some evidence indicates success.
Some evidence indicates that acupuncture induces a release of endorphins in the brain of humans.
Some evidence indicates that Atlantic coast snook make longer migrations than Gulf coast snook do.
Some evidence indicates that blessed thistle also has anti-inflammatory properties.
Some evidence indicates that bone mass can be enhanced by increased calcium consumption.
Some evidence indicates that civilian gun ownership helps prevent crime.
Some evidence indicates that eating disorders are linked to serotonin.
Some evidence indicates that fungal nail disease can be employment-related.
Some evidence indicates that part of the globus pallidus is overactive in the disease.
Some evidence indicates that perhaps as much as a third remains in the intestinal contents.
Some evidence indicates thousand years.
Some evidence indicates total energy intake.
Some evidence indicates total intake.
Some evidence indicates years.
Some evidence involves new discoveries.
Some evidence is admitted for a limited purpose only.
Some evidence is considered for the speculation of a nongenetic, congenital cause of homosexuality.
Some evidence is examined in house, before being stored.
Some evidence is explosive.
Some evidence is far less obvious than a gun.
Some evidence is found for a systematic imbalance between radiative and conductive losses.
Some evidence is given as support.
Some evidence is irrefutable.
Some evidence is neutral, equally compatible with both.
Some evidence is perishable and best gathered fresh.
Some evidence is presented in cases.
Some evidence is provided by government.
Some evidence leads scientists.
Some evidence leads to recommendations.
Some evidence linking infections with stroke is as follows.
Some evidence links that pollution to algal blooms and fish kills.
Some evidence now exists showing that obesity has a negative effect on both health and longevity.
Some evidence points to a genetic cause for the chemical imbalance.
Some evidence points to a link between hypothyroidism and open-angle glaucoma.
Some evidence points to a predisposition when a similar proneness is found in both parent and child.
Some evidence points to a viral cause, although no specific virus has yet been identified.
Some evidence points to dinosaurs.
Some evidence points to killer whales.
Some evidence points to rogue telepaths.
Some evidence points to sheep.
Some evidence points to whales.
Some evidence points toward the Atlantic Ocean west of southern Europe and Northern Africa.
Some evidence points towards their involvement in ultrafiltration .
Some evidence presents friendships.
Some evidence presents in cases.
Some evidence proves killers.
Some evidence provides comparison.
Some evidence provides confidence.
Some evidence provides designs.
Some evidence provides proof.
Some evidence relates to evolutionary theories.
Some evidence relates to performance.
Some evidence relates to roles.
Some evidence relates to theories.
Some evidence relates to use.
Some evidence seems to point to environmental factors, however.
Some evidence shows ancestors.
Some evidence shows apparent obstacles.
Some evidence shows bioelectrical spiraling in the labor impulses during birth.
Some evidence shows common ancestors.
Some evidence shows compaction.
Some evidence shows damage.
Some evidence shows dependency.
Some evidence shows deposition.
Some evidence shows disorder.
Some evidence shows domestication.
Some evidence shows earth.
Some evidence shows establishments.
Some evidence shows existence.
Some evidence shows extent.
Some evidence shows extinction.
Some evidence shows genus.
Some evidence shows growth.
Some evidence shows inductions.
Some evidence shows inflammation.
Some evidence shows landslide.
Some evidence shows liver damage.
Some evidence shows measured concentrations of nitrogen are increasing.
Some evidence shows obstacles.
Some evidence shows participants.
Some evidence shows penile cancer is more prevalent among uncircumcised males.
Some evidence shows presence.
Some evidence shows pulses.
Some evidence shows recent common ancestors.
Some evidence shows reversals.
Some evidence shows schedules.
Some evidence shows sleep schedules.
Some evidence shows study participants.
Some evidence shows survival.
Some evidence shows systemic inflammation.
Some evidence shows that estrogen is associated with a lower incidence of coronary artery disease.
Some evidence shows that newborns pay closer attention to high-pitched tones.
Some evidence shows uptake.
Some evidence shows whales.
Some evidence suggests a link between diet and breast cancer.
Some evidence suggests a problem.
Some evidence suggests activities.
Some evidence suggests advantage.
Some evidence suggests alteration.
Some evidence suggests amounts.
Some evidence suggests animals.
Some evidence suggests attacks.
Some evidence suggests bark beetle attacks.
Some evidence suggests beneficial effects.
Some evidence suggests bleed stomach ulcer.
Some evidence suggests bleed ulcer.
Some evidence suggests breast cancer.
Some evidence suggests burns.
Some evidence suggests cancer.
Some evidence suggests cardiovascular diseases.
Some evidence suggests certain wild animals.
Some evidence suggests characters.
Some evidence suggests chemotherapy.
Some evidence suggests colon cancer.
Some evidence suggests components.
Some evidence suggests conclusions.
Some evidence suggests conditions.
Some evidence suggests consumption.
Some evidence suggests contributions.
Some evidence suggests control gene expression.
Some evidence suggests deficiencies.
Some evidence suggests depressions.
Some evidence suggests development.
Some evidence suggests diabetes.
Some evidence suggests diets.
Some evidence suggests differences.
Some evidence suggests dinosaurs.
Some evidence suggests disasters.
Some evidence suggests diseases.
Some evidence suggests disorder.
Some evidence suggests dispersals.
Some evidence suggests eat dinosaurs.
Some evidence suggests effectiveness.
Some evidence suggests effects.
Some evidence suggests electrical stimulation.
Some evidence suggests elevation.
Some evidence suggests eruptions.
Some evidence suggests establishments.
Some evidence suggests existence.
Some evidence suggests expression.
Some evidence suggests extinction.
Some evidence suggests fat diets.
Some evidence suggests fire.
Some evidence suggests food.
Some evidence suggests freshwater sunfish and basses opportunistically feed on salamanders.
Some evidence suggests gases.
Some evidence suggests gene expression.
Some evidence suggests grow season fire.
Some evidence suggests growth.
Some evidence suggests healthful diets.
Some evidence suggests importance.
Some evidence suggests infection.
Some evidence suggests it can be used safely for over one year.
Some evidence suggests it can.
Some evidence suggests lower maintenance requirements.
Some evidence suggests maintenance requirements.
Some evidence suggests measles infection.
Some evidence suggests metabolism.
Some evidence suggests million years.
Some evidence suggests mite problems.
Some evidence suggests mob predators.
Some evidence suggests moderate depressions.
Some evidence suggests monotremes.
Some evidence suggests movement.
Some evidence suggests mysteries.
Some evidence suggests natural disasters.
Some evidence suggests natural infection.
Some evidence suggests natural measles infection.
Some evidence suggests nest success.
Some evidence suggests new neurons are formed well into adulthood.
Some evidence suggests noticeably improved user conversion rates under certain conditions.
Some evidence suggests numerous occasions.
Some evidence suggests occasions.
Some evidence suggests onsets.
Some evidence suggests other animals.
Some evidence suggests other wild animals.
Some evidence suggests performance.
Some evidence suggests photosynthesis.
Some evidence suggests platypuses.
Some evidence suggests predation.
Some evidence suggests predators.
Some evidence suggests presence.
Some evidence suggests problems.
Some evidence suggests production.
Some evidence suggests protozoan predation.
Some evidence suggests radiation.
Some evidence suggests replication.
Some evidence suggests requirements.
Some evidence suggests sauropod dinosaurs.
Some evidence suggests seizure disorder.
Some evidence suggests sensation.
Some evidence suggests shark predators.
Some evidence suggests similarity.
Some evidence suggests sites.
Some evidence suggests speciation.
Some evidence suggests splits.
Some evidence suggests spots.
Some evidence suggests stimulation.
Some evidence suggests stomach ulcer.
Some evidence suggests success.
Some evidence suggests symptoms.
Some evidence suggests term effects.
Some evidence suggests that a viral infection is involved.
Some evidence suggests that an actual decrease in water-related diseases is occurring.
Some evidence suggests that at very high concentrations it harms the fish themselves.
Some evidence suggests that beer can lower the risk of coronary heart disease.
Some evidence suggests that behavior is slow to change in the face of changing financial incentives.
Some evidence suggests that behavior modification is beneficial for treatment of encopresis.
Some evidence suggests that behavior modification is useful in the treatment of sex offenders.
Some evidence suggests that clomiphene-resistant women are resistant to insulin.
Some evidence suggests that different drugs affect different mental capacities.
Some evidence suggests that drinking cold water actually can help burn calories.
Some evidence suggests that drinking cold water can actually burn calories.
Some evidence suggests that drinking cold water can burn calories.
Some evidence suggests that established plants are less shade tolerant than seedlings.
Some evidence suggests that frontal lobes are especially important.
Some evidence suggests that frustration facilitates aggression.
Some evidence suggests that humans drove glyptodonts to extinction.
Some evidence suggests that inertia in wage and price formation is higher when inflation is low.
Some evidence suggests that infection is most common in spring and summer.
Some evidence suggests that it develops in numerous sites rather than a single location.
Some evidence suggests that it is, while other studies have shown that symptoms fade in older age.
Some evidence suggests that mantled howler monkey populations are becoming robust once again.
Some evidence suggests that neutrophils continue to act as phagocytes in the infant's gut.
Some evidence suggests that OCs reduce risk of colorectal cancer, too.
Some evidence suggests that patients with eye problems improve more quickly when they stop smoking.
Some evidence suggests that people are offended by some of the gore.
Some evidence suggests that rapid adaptive evolution can enhance invasiveness.
Some evidence suggests that such toxic algae blooms are on the increase worldwide.
Some evidence suggests that sympatric speciation is occurring .
Some evidence suggests that sympatric speciation is occurring.
Some evidence suggests that the age at which menopause occurs is, in part, genetically determined.
Some evidence suggests that the mutilation takes place after the animal has died.
Some evidence suggests that the original function of simple feathers was insulation.
Some evidence suggests that there are possible immunopathologic mechanisms involved.
Some evidence suggests that they improve infant health and development.
Some evidence suggests that variations in two genes work together to make their feathers curly.
Some evidence suggests that women are more likely then men to get the disease.
Some evidence suggests the drug can cause mydriasis leading to narrow angle glaucoma.
Some evidence suggests tracks.
Some evidence suggests treatments.
Some evidence suggests types.
Some evidence suggests ulcer.
Some evidence suggests uptake.
Some evidence suggests usual treatments.
Some evidence suggests variation.
Some evidence suggests vitamin d deficiencies.
Some evidence suggests wild animals.
Some evidence suggests wildebeests.
Some evidence suggests years.
Some evidence suggests yogas.
Some evidence suggests, however, that factors favoring discrimination also favor matching.
Some evidence supports ability.
Some evidence supports ancestors.
Some evidence supports assumptions.
Some evidence supports common ancestors.
Some evidence supports conception.
Some evidence supports conclusions.
Some evidence supports descriptions.
Some evidence supports diagnoses.
Some evidence supports distribution.
Some evidence supports ecological segregation.
Some evidence supports effects.
Some evidence supports evolutionary conception.
Some evidence supports evolutionary pressure.
Some evidence supports extinction.
Some evidence supports growth.
Some evidence supports harmful effects.
Some evidence supports homology.
Some evidence supports importance.
Some evidence supports improvement.
Some evidence supports involvement.
Some evidence supports levels.
Some evidence supports observations.
Some evidence supports participation.
Some evidence supports pathways.
Some evidence supports patients.
Some evidence supports patterns.
Some evidence supports positive pressure.
Some evidence supports possibility.
Some evidence supports potential.
Some evidence supports pressure.
Some evidence supports radiation.
Some evidence supports removals.
Some evidence supports results.
Some evidence supports safety.
Some evidence supports segregation.
Some evidence supports serious effects.
Some evidence supports serious harmful effects.
Some evidence supports statements.
Some evidence supports sustain pressure.
Some evidence supports the idea that silymarin bound to phosphatidylcholine is better absorbed.
Some evidence supports the jury's verdict.
Some evidence supports the notion that some problems are solved by restructuring and sudden insight.
Some evidence supports the theory that nearsightedness is hereditary.
Some evidence supports therapy.
Some evidence supports treatments.
Some evidence supports, and little evidence disputes, the indictment of social promotion.
Some evidence takes places.
Some evidence weighs against climate change as a valid hypothesis as applied to Australia.
Some evidences are given below.
Evident intelligence is often at work behind the drawings and between the lines.
Evident reference is made to the Sabbath all through that patriarchal age.
Evident reference is made to the Sabbath and the seven-day week all through the patriarchal age.
Evidential devices provide information that can be used as evidence in court.
Evidential value refers to the value of a record that documents the history of an organization.
Evidentiary errors are subject to a harmless error analysis.
Evidentiary exam is no longer viable.
Evidentiary hearings are more structured then conferences and workshops which have already occurred.
Evidentiary materials demonstrate substantial controversy as to material facts.
Evidentiary questions remain.
Evidentiary rules are relaxed.
Evidentiary rules are rules of procedure.
Evil acts are often the focus of our society's lives.
Evil acts are only the external manifestation of internal sins .
Evil acts make their patients suffer.
Evil action is manifested in evil.
Evil actions follow evil thoughts.
Evil activities are the concern of Catholic churches no matter where they are located.
Evil aliens send dinosaurs to Earth in an effort to take it over.
Evil armies sing happy little tunes while hacking up women and children.
Evil bankers are bent on taking both.
Evil behaviour is a departure from balance and propriety.
Evil beings are cast out, sin is repented of.
Evil beings fight against good.
Evil characters can be a lot of fun because they never think they're evil.
All evil characters are very ugly.
Evil Children learn that greedy lumber companies cut down forests.
Evil companions bring more hurt than profit.
Evil concupiscence is inseparable from drunkenness .
Some evil corporations are busy designing marketing propaganda disguised as learning material.
Evil creatures stalk the land killing the innocent.
Evil creatures take on menacing forms, all tooth and claw, literally smoldering with malice.
Evil curse leads to epic battle.
Evil deeds induce people to commit sins as harmful as tigers.
Evil deeds lead individuals and whole communities to personal and collective disaster.
Evil demons attack the president responsible for restoring Tokyo following a violent earthquake.
Evil design makes nasty web sites and there's lots of it out there.
Evil desire invites satan.
Evil desire is manifested in ugliness.
Evil desire requires evil joy and happiness through evil action.
All evil desire is embraced.
Evil doers can never go unpunished.
Evil doers like to hide while laborers slumber at night.
Evil Dragons have three big advantages.
An evil eye is a look
Evil eye is caused by a spiritual imbalance between people.
Evil figures have difficulty maintaining control over their feelings, especially rage and anger.
Evil forces send a boat back in time to prevent the first dolphin-human synergy.
Evil geniuses are an action-movie perennial anyway.
Evil gods have lots of crows flying around.
Evil habits are to be overcome.
Evil habits drop off.
Evil habits have to be broken.
Evil hearts devise ways to destroy anything pure.
Evil ideas reflect a spirit that is identifiable.
Evil intruder steals password and username.
Evil leaders can wreck entire civilizations.
Evil lifestyles expose false teachers, and godly living affirms teachers of the truth.
Evil magicians destroy themselves with their own curses.
Evil men dig up mischief.
Evil men have no songs.
Evil men keep nuns as pets.
Evil men love war.
Evil men rule by raw power while a small number of elect are saved from sin.
Evil men seek companions as a distraction, to escape from themselves.
Evil men stroke their beards As they absent-mindedly plot Out of habit.
Many evil men are rich and many good men poor.
Some evil midgets start jumping on the back of the car, and it falls off the jacks.
Evil monsters fuck the schoolgirls like a 'la blue girls'.
Evil overlords look considerably more potent when blessed with advanced male-pattern baldness.
Evil people are hurtful in their actions, attitudes and influence.
Evil people are very evangelistic.
Evil people debase and destroy innocent life.
Evil people do evil things, and good people have every right to fight for their survival.
Evil people do evil things.
Evil people exploit our longing for meaning and knowledge to promote their agendas.
Evil people feel themselves to be perfect. . . .
Evil people hate the light because it reveals themselves to themselves.
Evil people have a quick reply, and it causes trouble.
Evil people have no choice.
Evil people have no songs.
Evil people pray.
Evil people protect themselves before all others.
Evil people suck.
Evil people suffer untold tortures.
Evil people tend to go back to their wicked ways, and the same patterns repeat.
Many evil people lead rewarding, rich, and long lives.
Many evil people live healthy lives and many good die young.
Evil persons can use persuasion to their own ends as well as good persons.
Every evil person feels justified in their acts.
Evil plans are afoot.
More evil plots are in the works.
Evil power washes over the land.
Evil priests have no sense of design.
Evil prince hires a gang of brutal fighters to raid the royal throne.
Evil princes treat parents with contempt.
Evil projects abound.
Evil scenes give rise to evil thoughts.
Evil science is good simply because it is so bad.
Evil scientist goes nuts.
Evil shadows crawl across the sky, and darkness drawls about the land gripping the life out of it.
Evil souls have very little power, even when alive.
Evil speech is a kind of self-distrust rooted in our inner insecurity.
Evil spirit is spirit
Evil spirit is spirit.
Evil spirits are at home where there is sin.
Evil spirits are so strong that it is very difficult to fight hem.
Evil spirits burn forever in our poetry, and at our web-site thanks to modern technology.
Evil spirits can afflict man physically, emotionally, and spiritually.
Evil spirits can also move our actions.
Evil spirits can do the same thing.
Evil spirits do exist.
Evil spirits go.
Evil spirits have to be appeased.
Evil spirits make sounds vaguely akin to a distorted motorcycle engine.
Evil spirits possess the victim .
Evil spirits possess the young daughter of a suburban family.
Evil spirits suffer much pain, trying to solve their prolems.
All evil spirits are men who have led wicked lives on earth.
Some evil spirits enter and leave hell several times until they are finally ready.
Every evil story has a beginning.
Evil things begin to stir in Middle-earth.
Evil thinkers are also funny.
Evil thoughts are sinful.
Evil thoughts come to our mind.
Evil times tend to dull the mind.
Evil twins are a pain in the ass.
Evil vegans are at it again.
Evil villagers send the PCs on a quest for a nonexistent item.
Evil viziers live in giant gyroscopes over lava pits.
Evil voices cry out from the cellar.
Evil warlords love a good foot massage.
All evil witches are ugly and good witches are beautiful.
Evil women use flattery and their alluring eyes to take men into whoredom.
Evil work is of the devil.
Evil works reveal self-seekers.
Evil abounds everywhere.
Evil appears as such only through faulty vision.
Evil arises neither from hunger nor love, but from ill temper.
Evil arises only when the shadow is ignored or demonized.
Evil arises out of man's sin.
Evil asks everything and everyone for itself.
Evil becomes light.
Evil can appear to be overwhelming.
Evil can be a beautiful thing.
Evil can be a conscious choice.
Evil can be as banal as an unread file.
Evil can be deceptive.
Evil can be incredibly deceptive.
Evil can be random.
Evil can breed revenge and new evil.
Evil can come in an obvious form, such as a genocide.
Evil can never outnumber or overwhelm what is good.
Evil can present itself in different ways and come across in certain packages.
Evil can rob one of real life.
Evil can show itself in many forms war, famine, disease, drugs, strife, murder, theft.
Evil can spring up in anyone at any time and that's just how things are.
Evil can win if righteousness defaults.
Evil carries within itself the seeds of it's own destruction .
Evil clearly exists.
Evil comes about by the resentment by the lower orders of society who are suffering and oppressed.
Evil comes from good.
Evil comes from humanity.
Evil comes from many sources, so let's take a look at just a few.
Evil comes in all shapes and sizes in the media.
Evil comes in many forms.
Evil comes spreading evil and chaos.
Evil comes to destroy.
Evil comes, spreading terror and chaos.
Evil continues to come up with more and more chain-letters and mlms and pyramid schemes.
Evil does evil in.
Evil does evil.
Evil does exist and it often works as a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Evil does exist, despite the unpopularity of notions of good and evil today.
Evil does exist.
Evil does indeed win battles along the way.
Evil does live there.
Evil does lurk in the hearts of men.
Evil does seek to maintain power by suppressing the truth.
Evil finds the lives of the innocent the sweetest.
Evil follows good, hate follows love, idiocy resides next to intelligence.
Evil gets control when good people keep silent.
Evil gives birth to evil.
Evil gives birth to more evil.
Evil gives birth to passions of the soul, such as condemnation, hatred, vainglory and the like.
Evil grinds the unwise as a diamond grinds a hard gem.
Evil grows darkest in the shadow.
Evil grows when good people do nothing.
Evil has a face that s recognizable when close at hand.
Evil has a faceless form At the apex of the storm.
Evil has a newness.
Evil has a way of blending itself among the wheat of the field.
Evil has a wholesome, hometown face, with merry eyes and an open smile.
Evil has great momentum, but the forces of good are inert.
Evil has it's own art.
Evil has many faces.
Evil has no direct cause, but only an accidental cause, as was said above.
Evil has no foundation, no stability, no permanent basis.
Evil has no limit.
Evil has no peace.
Evil has no power where men know and obey truth.
Evil has no real existence.
Evil has no source, unless the source of evil's seeming be ignorance itself.
Evil has to avoid that sort of fixing point.
Evil has to be put down before peace can prevail.
Evil has to feed off the lowest form of energy to exist.
Evil Is . . .
Evil is a bad one who becomes a master of disguise.
Evil is a by-product, a component, of creation.
Evil is a choice.
Evil is a communicable disease, a behavior-borne virus transmitted through social behavior.
Evil is a description of a privation of good.
Evil is a distortion of good.
Evil is a faceless stranger, living in a distant neighborhood.
Evil is a fact.
Evil is a fairly powerful concept.
Evil is a genuine problem.
Evil is a great big falsehood.
Evil is a great falsehood.
Evil is a lack of education.
Evil is a lack of response.
Evil is a mirror of the good.
Evil is a mystery.
Evil is a necessary and inevitable phase in the development of the human personality.
Evil is a negation of being, and the wicked negate their own existence.
Evil is a negative - merely an absence of good.
Evil is a negative thing.
Evil is a nonentity unless goodness is also real.
Evil is a parasite.
Evil is a part of life.
Evil is a point of view.
Evil is a pretty serious charge, and sounds sort of biblical and fuzzy.
Evil is a privation of good.
Evil is a rebellion against divine servanthood.
Evil is a relative concept.
Evil is a result of consistent created order.
Evil is a spiritual reality that can have a physical presence.
Evil is a strong identity.
Evil is a strong word.
Evil is a suppositional lie.
Evil is a term created by ignorance to describe fear.
Evil is a test of faith.
Evil is a totally debased term.
Evil is a uniquely human attribute and derives from human nature.
Evil is accepted and admired.
Evil is acutely personal.
Evil is addictive and enslaving.
Evil is afoot.
Evil is also a reality in the world.
Evil is also real .
Evil is also that which kills spirit.
Evil is always active.
Evil is always at work in the presence of goodness.
Evil is always concrete, specific.
Evil is always lack of life.
Evil is always most insidious when it masquerades as the highest good.
Evil is always new.
Evil is always possible.
Evil is always present and the pressure to compromise one's convictions is ever present.
Evil is always present in our lives.
Evil is always present.
Evil is always something else's good.
Evil is always subordinate to good.
Evil is an added attraction.
Evil is an experience of dread.
Evil is an illusion, an aberration of our unlearned minds.
Evil is an illusion.
Evil is anything that hinders a persons growth and personal freedom.
Evil is apparent, but good is subtle.
Evil is as evil does.
Evil is as real and present today as it was then.
Evil is as real as good.
Evil is as, as evil does.
Evil is at high tide in our world.
Evil is back in the land.
Evil is Bad.
Evil is banal and universal.
Evil is boldly and shockingly mocking and attacking and persecuting the good.
Evil is born in winter and dies in the same winter.
Evil is both short and noisy.
Evil is brought on by one's self.
Evil is but an illusion, the absence of good.
Evil is by no means the same as unrighteousness, and good is by no means the same as righteousness.
Evil is called good and good evil.
Evil is called good.
Evil is certainly real and powerful, but also defeatable by a power more powerful.
Evil is certainly real and powerful, but also defeatable by a Power more powerful.
Evil is chaos.
Evil is characterized by selfishness and purpose.
Evil is clearly loose in our world.
Evil is combated only by means of good, through love.
Evil is confronted with a greater power.
Evil is contagious.
Evil is created in the mind long before it is externalized.
Evil is created only by the malefic actions of humans.
Evil is darkness.
Evil is departing and holiness is advancing.
Evil is disorder.
Evil is easy that's the point.
Evil is easy.
Evil is encountered at every turn.
Evil is entrenched in a society with an appetite for consumption reminiscent of ancient Rome.
Evil is essentially negative and doomed to non-existence.
Evil is everywere girl.
Evil is everywhere triumphant.
Evil is everywhere.
Evil is evil is evil.
Evil is evil regardless of whether it is Arabic or American as it is one ideology.
Evil is evil whether on a small or big scale.
Evil is evil, period.
Evil is evil.
Evil is exalted because the people enjoy evil.
Evil is faceless.
Evil is false action directed toward benefiting the individual.
Evil is fueled by hatred and a spirit of getting even.
Evil is fun, at least on the big screen.
Evil is fun.
Evil is god.
Evil is good disintegrating to prepare for a higher good.
Evil is Good' has a nice ring to it.
Evil is good that is immature or misdirected.
Evil is good.
Evil is habit, conformity, repression, sterility.
Evil is held in check, while goodness and truth are spread throughout the world.
Evil is here.
Evil is horrific and offensive.
Evil is human.
Evil is imbalance.
Evil is immorality.
Evil is implicitly self-destructive.
Evil is improper behaviour - nothing is evil of itself.
Evil is in opposition to life.
Evil is in the earth.
Evil is in the eye of the beholder and of the victim.
Evil is in the eye of the beholder.
Evil is in the hearts of people.
Evil is in the world.
Evil is inevitable, but is also remediable.
Evil is inflicted in both cases.
Evil is inherent in the human race.
Evil is interesting.
Evil is it that which wants to stop or change the process.
Evil is it's own reward.
Evil is just an illusion, or an accident, and it can be easily overcome with a mere trick or magic.
Evil is just plain bad.
Evil is just so much cheap jewelry, giving image without substance.
Evil is kinetic stupidity.
Evil is lack of love.
Evil is large, cosmic, organized, subtle, pervasive and real.
Evil is left undone by oneself by oneself is one cleansed.
Evil is like a contagious disease.
Evil is like that.
Evil is linked like an endless coil of chain.
Evil is loose in America.
Evil is militant ignorance.
Evil is more fun and better dressed.
Evil is more than a negation of good.
Evil is more than the sum of individual acts and omissions.
Evil is most evil when it is dying out.
Evil is most likely to be the consequence of over-identification with a popular cause.
Evil is necessary for a free world.
Evil is necessary for the greater good.
Evil is necessary to highlight and balance the good.
Evil is necessary.
Evil is never a rival of the good.
Evil is never easy to accept.
Evil is never triumphant.
Evil is no longer in the periphery in human life and society.
Evil is no match for the powers of love, loyalty and friendship.
Evil is no more abstract than Good.
Evil is no more.
Evil is non-relation.
Evil is nothing but the refusal of love and compassion.
Evil is nothing more than ignorance manifested as hunger.
Evil is nothingness.
Evil is now our friend.
Evil is null, is nought, is silence implying sound.
Evil is obstinate ignorance.
Evil is obvious in world.
Evil is often cool.
Evil is often petty.
Evil is one of the characteristics of the human soul.
Evil is opposed to good.
Evil is out there - an entity beyond, while humanity is seen as 'the good'.
Evil is overcome by good through love.
Evil is overcome only by good.
Evil is overwhelming and there is no stopping it.
Evil is parasitic on good, as counterfeit money is parasitic on a system of good money.
Evil is part of the archetypal forms present to the individual and collective self.
Evil is personal and political and pervasive.
Evil is portrayed as the loss of freedom of choice.
Evil is powerless if the good are unafraid.
Evil is presumed.
Evil is punished.
Evil is pure darkness.
Evil is quite irrational, illogical, and inexplicable .
Evil is rampant in the land and audiences are numb to violence.
Evil is rampant.
Evil is rather common, after all.
Evil is ready to roll.
Evil is real and has power.
Evil is real and personal.
Evil is real and the spiritual warfare for the lost sheep is real.
Evil is real.
Evil is really good.
Evil is really new all the time.
Evil is really the absence of good.
Evil is really the lack of any good.
Evil is recognized as the opposite of good.
Evil is rejected outright.
Evil is represented here as exploiting the creation for one's own selfish ends.
Evil is right under our noses at all times.
Evil is scheduled for judgment.
Evil is scheduled for termination.
Evil is seeded and grown when combined with a survival instinct.
Evil is seen as good and darkness as light.
Evil is selfishness, wickedness, and cruelty.
Evil is simple.
Evil is simply absence of good, and evil can for that simple reason never defeat good.
Evil is simply the conflicting wills of imperfect beings.
Evil is simply their nonexistence.
Evil is sin, transgression, unrighteousness, wickedness.
Evil is sin.
Evil is something that is in the hearts of humans.
Evil is something that sneaks up on a person, just like a lion.
Evil is something.
Evil is source.
Evil is still rampant in the world.
Evil is that which destroys life.
Evil is that which one believes of others.
Evil is that which soils our mind.
Evil is that which weakens the lot of a community.
Evil is the absence of empathy.
Evil is the absence of ethical practice.
Evil is the absence of good, as darkness is the absence of light.
Evil is the absence of good.
Evil is the anti-knowledge.
Evil is the antithesis of good.
Evil is the cause of war.
Evil is the condition that exists when good does nothing.
Evil is the darkness of inaction.
Evil is the disfigurement of good.
Evil is the enemy.
Evil is the exchange for the wrongdoers.
Evil is the failure of imagination.
Evil is the first to be alert to the encroaching presence of goodness.
Evil is the first to jump into action when goodness approaches and manifests itself.
Evil is the intentional attempt to succeed at the expense of someone else.
Evil is the job.
Evil is the lack of empathy.
Evil is the making of humans.
Evil is the misuse of love.
Evil is the nature of humankind.
Evil is the negative polarity.
Evil is the opposite of good.
Evil is the outcome of a choice against the order of being .
Evil is the perfect example of the unreal.
Evil is the prosecutor of our souls, it tests the strength of the spirit.
Evil is the real enigma - because there is no 'why'.
Evil is the result of a limited god who just can t keep up with a runaway creation.
Evil is the result of disobedience.
Evil is the result of ignorance.
Evil is the result of limited resources, or limited understanding.
Evil is the result of poor environment, lack of training, and misinformation.
Evil is the same way.
Evil is the space left after empathy has fled.
Evil is the upsetting of the relationship.
Evil is the willingness to fight.
Evil is the word live backwards.
Evil is there for the purpose of awakening a person.
Evil is there too.
Evil is therefore the absence of what ought to be there.
Evil is time-limited, but good lasts so much longer.
Evil is too huge a thing to war against alone.
Evil is too overwhelming.
Evil is too real in the world to say that.
Evil is transgression
Evil is transgression.
Evil is two guys talking about cheeseburgers on their way to blow someone away.
Evil is ugly.
Evil is unique to humanity.
Evil is unnecessary.
Evil is unspectacular and always human and shares our bed and eats at our own table.
Evil is very hard to confront.
Evil is very real and dangerous.
Evil is very real in our culture and in our world.
Evil is very real.
Evil is what destroys that consciousness.
Evil is what is ugly and is an error, or a heresy.
Evil is what the sinner does with their body of flesh.
Evil is what they are.
Evil is whatever destroys it.
Evil is wrought by want of thought as well as want of heart.
Evil is, after all, a mystery.
Evil is, after all, evil.
Evil is, evidently, war, slaughter, greed, treachery, and oppression.
Evil is, therefore, an aberration, a disease, a mistake.
EVIL knows how tasty the worm is.
Evil looks a lot like black calamari.
Evil means transgression of limits.
Evil never Dies .
Evil Never Dies .
Evil never dies.
Evil Never Dies.
Evil never gives up without a struggle.
Evil prevails when good men and women do nothing.
Evil prevails when good men do nothing.
Evil prevails when good people do nothing.
Evil provides a sense of power, dominance, importance, control and security.
Evil provides a sense of power, dominance, importance, control andsecurity.
Evil remains evil forever .
Evil remains evil forever.
Evil requires secrecy to be successful.
Evil seems so very strong.
Evil seems to be almost frighteningly attractive.
Evil seems to be winning in our lives.
Evil seems unrestrained, and the devil seems to be having a field day.
Evil seems, sometimes, to be a consequence of the force of things.
Evil starts very gently.
Evil stems from power.
Evil still abounds.
Evil still rages in our world.
Evil still thrives.
Evil takes many forms.
Evil takes some doing.
Evil turns out to have been bad policy.
Evils are but misused forms of good.
Evils bring forth good as sometimes good intentions have evil results.
Evils disappear when all work together.
Evils lie everywhere, while the good is reduced to narrow limits.
Evils never stay the same.
Evils tend to really try to screw over the good.
Evil always comes invisibly.
Evil always creates disturbances and blocks our effort.
Evil always does harm to everyone, everywhere.
Evil always gets the short in of the stick.
Evil always recurs but always wears out.
Evil always returns on the evildoer.
Evil always seeks companionship.
Evil always wants control and power over others.
Evil always wins out in the end.
Evil always wins when good men do nothing.
Evil often begets evil.
Evil often includes injury of another person.
Evil often wins.
Evil sometimes defies explanation.
All evil is caused by insane greed.
All evil is imaginary.
All evil is in perspective because as properly seen it shows itself an ultimate agency of good.
All evil is interrelated.
All evil is so much death or nonentity.
All evil stems from it.
All evils are just distortions of things that are good.
All evils have their measure.
Every evil begins with a lie.
Every evil is canceled by every good.
Many evil is done in the name of religion or of spiritual intuition.
Many evils spur men into action.
MUCH evil happens when good people do nothing.
Some evil is worse than others.
An evildoer is an offender
Evildoers can use their position as a shield of privilege.
An evisceration is a removal
Evisceration applies to all market forms.
Evisceration is an effective and safe procedure with a low risk for sympathetic ophthalmia.
Evisceration is contraindicated when an intraocular tumor is suspected.
Evisceration is next with three songs of average death metal with a lot of double bass.
Evisceration is such a procedure that has recently gained more interest and acceptance.
Eviscerations are devaluation.
Eviscerations are operations.
Evitts mountain is on the horizon.
An evocation is imagination
Evocation is a choice that many clerics attempting to solo decide to go for.
Evocations are part lyric, part story.
Evocative discourse covers all forms of linguistic and conceptual topicalizations.
Evocative effects remain relatively constant throughout development.
Evocative narration reveals the rewards and satisfaction for doing a job well.
Evocative paintings capture the festive spirit.
Evocative photographs can be appropriate to convey the horror of a tragic event.
Evocative poems catch the essence of the outdoors during each month of the year.
Evoked pain is also very durable, lasting as long as a half hour after the light touch is stopped.
Evoked potential is electric potential.
Evoked potential is voltage
Evoked potentials are useful when it becomes necessary to test the integrity of the sensory pathway.
Evoked potentials is another area of electrodiagnosis that is available at all the hospital sites.
Evoked potentials predict the clinical changes in a multiple sclerosis drug study.
Evoked responses are changes in electrical conductivity in the central nervous system.
Evoked responses are less affected.
Evoked responses measure how the brain handles different sensory stimuli.
Evolution of life is assumed to have taken place during that time.
Evolution of life is present in the narrative to connect it to people.
Evolution rate is highest during the first few hours, then subsequently approaches zero.
Evolution software provides unequaled accuracy, reliability, and security.
Evolution theory is still in process, as more and more discoveries are made.
Evolution accounts for the diversity of life on Earth.
Evolution accounts for the unity and diversity of life.
Evolution aces it.
Evolution acts as an overriding theme in biology.
Evolution acts on the genome of organisms at different levels.
Evolution acts on what exists.
Evolution acts over generations of a population, while natural selection acts on individuals.
Evolution actually has an ancient Catholic pedigree.
Evolution affects humans and has made an extremely detrimental mark on human history.
Evolution affects the psyche.
Evolution allegedly proceeds by the death of the unfit as much as by the survival of the fit.
Evolution also has the same problem.
Evolution also mandates that geologic processes on earth have been uniform.
Evolution also means better intuition, a clearer view of reality.
Evolution also operates in the normal functioning of organisms.
Evolution also results from the accumulation of new information.
Evolution also results in a greater variety of organisms than existed in previous eras.
Evolution also shows some promise in the area of contact management.
Evolution also sports a replay mode that enables drivers to watch their races in action.
Evolution also works that way, tinkering with existing structures over millions of years.
Evolution alters the species so as to adapt it to the environment in which it resides.
Evolution answers that question.
Evolution appears to be a firmly grounded fact.
Evolution appears to work in bursts of activity.
Evolution applies on a grand scale to all of life.
Evolution are unreal as a unit that's why they're champions.
Evolution argues quietly for the natural drug, while economics argues loudly for the unnatural drug.
Evolution assumes a more peaceful aspect.
Evolution becomes apparent to the student as the events themselves unfold.
Evolution becomes obviously impossible.
Evolution begets pain for some, agonising ecstasy for others.
Evolution begins with a meteor carrying alien organisms that hits the New Mexico desert.
Evolution begins with the inheritance of gene variations.
Evolution believes in quality, style and value in home furnishings.
Evolution belongs more in the realm of philosophy or religion.
Evolution benefits from indirectly acting genes.
Evolution builds on what already exists.
Evolution can act only on traits that are passed genetically from one generation to the next.
Evolution can also handle the job of archiving palmtop data.
Evolution can and does accommodate any finding.
Evolution can be compatible with all the world's major religions.
Evolution can be fun.
Evolution can be like that too.
Evolution can be slow in producing populations that are adapted to their environments.
Evolution can be towards anything, it can be in any direction.
Evolution can create systems from genes that are already around for other purposes.
Evolution can create useful algorithms via bottom-up emergence.
Evolution can drive unopposed onto the unoccupied territory.
Evolution can encounter difficulties with the falsification test.
Evolution can explain all evidence from the past two centuries of searching.
Evolution can muck with that by changing things in the circuit.
Evolution can occur around designed systems.
Evolution can occur astonishingly quickly.
Evolution can occur due to several factors.
Evolution can occur even as individual fitnesses in a population decrease.
Evolution can occur from a period of time.
Evolution can occur rapidly or very slowly.
Evolution can occur.
Evolution can only go where mutations lead it.
Evolution can only happen in systems which are already self replicating.
Evolution can only work if it has variations to work on.
Evolution can plausibly constrain our moral theories i.
Evolution can sometimes seem painful but it is necessary for survival.
Evolution can take a different route under such conditions.
Evolution can take place without disrupting or stagnating harmony and spirituality.
Evolution can therefore say nothing about the origin of life.
Evolution carries out substantial changes in requirements, structure, and other software attributes.
Evolution causes species to change over time.
Evolution Change through time.
Evolution changes the ecosystem that the species live in.
Evolution claims that early species of giraffes had short necks - some longer than others.
Evolution claims that man arose through a series of random changes.
Evolution claims that plants descended from algae as they colonized the empty landmass.
Evolution claims that the process has no direction or goal.
Evolution clearly denotes development.
Evolution clearly requires the opposite.
Evolution clears desktop clutter, saves thousands of clicks and scrolls, and personalizes computing.
Evolution comes about as result of genetic mutations.
Evolution comes across clearly as the anti-Christian way of thinking.
Evolution comes at a price.
Evolution comes from the notion that things made themselves.
Evolution comes sometimes at a very high cost.
Evolution conducts salary and promotion reviews twice a year.
Evolution Confronted Shows how new discoveries in cellular research disprove evolution.
Evolution consciously parallels mutation with adolescent angst.
Evolution consists of a simple cycle.
Evolution consists of quasi-scientific speculation.
Evolution contains many other features that are convenient and fun to use.
Evolution continues . . .
Evolution continues to take place within native ecosystems, but only gradually over many centuries.
Evolution continues, it continues to change and it continues to get better as it goes.
Evolution contributes to create an abundant world like today.
Evolution contributes to success.
Evolution covers a lot of time.
Evolution creates values such as human love.
Evolution deals with what happened to life on Earth once it began.
Evolution debates in alt.mail.
Evolution declares how life came into existance.
Evolution defies the Second Law of Thermodynamics.
Evolution demands an ordering of matter from spontaneous generation.
Evolution denies the evidence for creation.
Evolution depends largely on the idea of natural selection.
Evolution depends on the fact that no two living things are quite alike.
Evolution depends on the state and on the inputs of the system.
Evolution depends upon genetic variation.
Evolution depends upon mutations that produce genes with new, useful genetic information.
Evolution depends upon the idea that a land mammal evolved into a porpoise, complete with sonar.
Evolution Describe the evolution of the system that regulates U.S. financial institutions.
Evolution describes changes in inherited traits of populations through successive generations.
Evolution describes changes that occur within a species.
Evolution destroys the central religious doctrine of atonement.
Evolution determines the quantity and placement of sensors.
Evolution Discuss the difference between analogy and homology, with examples.
Evolution does everything that the religious god does.
Evolution does explain some things about our human nature .
Evolution does happen.
Evolution does look like a really cool mailer, and virtual folders seem very interesting.
Evolution does neither.
Evolution does promote spiritual ideologies, as noted above.
Evolution does seem to explain some things about about our human nature.
Evolution does take time, unfortunately.
Evolution dominates early and establishes the broad outline from which languages arise.
Evolution drives life toward increasingly varied and complex forms.
Evolution drives variation.
Evolution elevates the workers to the greatest possible degree.
Evolution emphasizes the common relation of all living things.
Evolution encourages their growth.
Evolution ends up being an important and central theme.
Evolution equals growth, unfolding, flowering.
Evolution Evolve a species in a race to be the first intelligent species.
Evolution explains the millions of varieties of organisms on Earth.
Evolution explains the origin of life and is a scientific fact.
Evolution explains WHY apes and humans look similar.
Evolution explores theories.
Evolution extends into plant and animal sections.
Evolution fails every chance it gets.
Evolution falls under that category.
Evolution favors animals that reproduce the most.
Evolution favors efficiency.
Evolution favors productivity in r-selected species.
Evolution favors traits that allow one individual to outcompete another for mates.
Evolution features models, music, fashion, style, and trends.
Evolution finds something that works and then stops until something else in the environment changes.
Evolution focuses on two transracial sexual relationships.
Evolution follows evolution.
Evolution follows the path of a long search for viable forms.
Evolution generally adjusts the timing of avian breeding seasons to produce the most young.
Evolution generally occurs at a scale far too slow to be witnessed by humans.
Evolution generally results in lineage splitting.
Evolution gets on with the job quite happily, and produces everything from seaweed to humming-birds.
Evolution gives way to convolution.
Evolution goes much nicer without all the contact facets.
Evolution happens , present tense as much as past.
Evolution happens all over the world.
Evolution happens by mutations.
Evolution happens in bands.
Evolution happens to be the dominant theory.
Evolution happens to individuals.
Evolution has a music utility as well.
Evolution has a split between 'model' and 'view'.
Evolution has a way of keeping things alive.
Evolution has an enormous history that is being uncovered piece by piece.
Evolution has blind spots.
Evolution has effects.
Evolution has explain variation.
Evolution has it that way.
Evolution has LOTS of evidence.
Evolution has many faces.
Evolution has no answer to the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Evolution has no answer.
Evolution has no claim whatsoever to being a science.
Evolution has no corner on the market.
Evolution has no directing external influence to overcome the effects of the second law.
Evolution has no direction, no goal, no intelligence and no meaning.
Evolution has no foresight and no goal.
Evolution has no goals.
Evolution has no more to do with science than beer has to do with sports.
Evolution has no point, no meaning, and no direction.
Evolution has no purpose, no direction, no goal.
Evolution has no specific goal.
Evolution has nothing to do with cosmology or the so-called creation of the universe.
Evolution has nothing to do with perfection, or energy efficiency, or any kind of optimization.
Evolution has nothing to do with religion.
Evolution has nothing to do with the formation of the universe.
Evolution has several explanations for our mortality.
Evolution has several meanings.
Evolution has several mechanisms.
Evolution has something to do with it, as does overconfidence.
Evolution has the pedigree to be a solid performer.
Evolution has therefore, many ways in developing good designs.
Evolution has to be taught as a science, and science demands evidence.
Evolution has to do with change.
Evolution has to stand on either the scientific evidence or the scriptural evidence.
Evolution has variation.
Evolution Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Evolution help species to survive and pass on their generation.
Evolution here becomes a kind of psychologist's unified 'theory of everything'.
Evolution holds that for most any species the violent males tend to survive to pass on their genes.
Evolution hurts, but it moves forward relentlessly.
Evolution ignores the impossibility of irreducible complexity.
Evolution implies progressive creation of things without any divine role.
Evolution implies time.
Evolution Includes information on evolutionary theory, history, and resources.
Evolution includes tools for communicating with palmtops and can upload and download palmtop data.
Evolution increases complexity.
Evolution influences ecological outcomes.
Evolution influences outcomes.
Evolution involves change.
Evolution involves changes in the gene pool.
Evolution involves changes in the genetic makeup of a population over time.
Evolution involves individuals changing in order to adapt to their environment.
Evolution involves lower life forms, starting with single-celled organisms.
Evolution involves natural selections.
Evolution involves populations, sub-species and species.
Evolution involves selections.
Evolution involves slow saving-up favorable mutation in genes.
Evolution involves things happening 'by themselves'.
Evolution involves unpredictable chance.
Evolution is . . .
Evolution is . .
Evolution is a basic scientific concept.
Evolution is a beautiful, powerful theory and is one of science's most impressive accomplishments.
Evolution is a belief system that is imposed on the facts.
Evolution is a belief with no solid scientific evidence to support it.
Evolution is a big fluke.
Evolution is a biological application of negentropy.
Evolution is a biological fact.
Evolution is a black box.
Evolution is a blind force incapable of conferring a moral imprimatur on human behaviour.
Evolution is a broad field with extensive primary literature.
Evolution is a central part of contemporary science.
Evolution is a central tenet of biology.
Evolution is a change in a population or species over a period of time.
Evolution is a change in a population s gene frequencies over time.
Evolution is a change in a species over long periods of time.
Evolution is a change in allelle frequency with time.
Evolution is a change in population.
Evolution is a change in the allele frequency of a population.
Evolution is a change in the gene pool of a population over time.
Evolution is a change over time, or a change in allele frequency.
Evolution is a complete contradiction to the second law of thermodynamics.
Evolution is a complex subject that has multiple levels of explanation.
Evolution is a concept from biology that tries to explain how different life-forms change over time.
Evolution is a concept.
Evolution is a conscious process.
Evolution is a conservative process.
Evolution is a constant emergence of higher and higher levels of cybernetic control .
Evolution is a constant phenomenon.
Evolution is a continual process.
Evolution is a core theme of biology.
Evolution is a creative process akin to other creative processes.
Evolution is a creative process.
Evolution is a creative scavenger, taking what is available and putting it to new use.
Evolution is a crock.
Evolution is a cycle that s infinitely compassionate.
Evolution is a dangerous thing.
Evolution is a dirty word in their vocabulary.
Evolution is a fabulous myth.
Evolution is a fact and a theory .
Evolution is a fact and a theory.
Evolution is a fact of life just as fundamental, unavoidable, and well-documented as gravity.
Evolution is a fact reasonably established by science.
Evolution is a fact, creation is a myth.
Evolution is a fact, Darwinists say, in that they know that evolution has occurred.
Evolution is a fact, like digestion.
Evolution is a fact.
Evolution is a fairy tale for grown-ups.
Evolution is a fairy tale for self-righteous people who like to justify their sins.
Evolution is a false religion.
Evolution is a farce, and an increasing number of scientists know it.
Evolution is a fideistic religion that ignores the evidence.
Evolution is a figment of man's rebellious imagination.
Evolution is a fundamental scientific theory.
Evolution is a good way to preserve investments in ideas that are known to work.
Evolution is a gradual, continuous process.
Evolution is a highly delivery oriented environment.
Evolution is a jealous god that neither seeks nor welcomes divine intervention.
Evolution is a lie.
Evolution is a logical necessity for all atheist religions.
Evolution is a mailer, counter-contact manager.
Evolution is a major and important part of biology and has been extremely well-tested and supported.
Evolution is a major unifying concept in virtually all areas of biology.
Evolution is a matter of interactivity between organism and environment.
Evolution is a metaphysical theory to account for the facts.
Evolution is a method of survival through adaptation.
Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
Evolution is a mutation in cells who proves to be desirable and increases among the population.
Evolution is a myth.
Evolution is a natural process, so it can be modeled as an automaton.
Evolution is a natural response to environmental influences.
Evolution is a natural state.
Evolution is a non- equilibrium process.
Evolution is a pervasive idea that is found everywhere.
Evolution is a philosophy based on naturalism and materialism.
Evolution is a philosophy which affects all areas of life.
Evolution is a phony religion.
Evolution is a physical process
Evolution is a population phenomenon and is best understood in terms of the genetics of populations.
Evolution is a powerful driving force in the shaping of a lifeform, but it works very slowly.
Evolution is a predictable change from simple to complex organisms.
Evolution is a principle of nature.
Evolution is a process able to generate diverse and complex functionality.
Evolution Is a process by which species come to possess genetic adaptations to their environment.
Evolution is a process for the organisms within a population to change because the environment.
Evolution is a process of change over time and is accomplished by natural selection.
Evolution is a process of change through time.
Evolution is a process of cumulative change.
Evolution is a process of gradual change.
Evolution is a process that is massively parallel.
Evolution is a process that occurs in the heritable characteristics of a population over time.
Evolution is a process that results from the interplay between organisms and environment.
Evolution is a process that works on chromosomes instead of the living beings they represent.
Evolution is a process which involved the origin of life.
Evolution is a process whose god is time.
Evolution is a property of living organic material and are inseparable.
Evolution is a proven fact.
Evolution is a race, a relay race, with the baton passed from generation to generation.
Evolution is a random process, driven by the environment in which an organism exists.
Evolution is a random, non-directional process.
Evolution is a refining process that has honed our innate behavior with magnificent precision.
Evolution is a religion .
Evolution is a religion of science that is more difficult to prove than the events of creation.
Evolution is a religion pure and simple.
Evolution is a religion.
Evolution is a religious tenet.
Evolution is a response to environmental challenges and opportunities.
Evolution is a science.
Evolution is a scientific theory studied from a scientific viewpoint.
Evolution is a scientific theory used by biologists .
Evolution is a scientific theory with a metaphysical component.
Evolution is a search algorithm to find higher and higher positions on the fitness landscape.
Evolution is a self-contained process.
Evolution is a sequence of variation and selection.
Evolution is a simple truth.
Evolution is a sleeping watchdog.
Evolution is a slippery term.
Evolution is a slow business.
Evolution is a slow process involving random mutations.
Evolution is a slow, try all options type of process.
Evolution is a smart process.
Evolution is a story written over countless generations.
Evolution is a story, a beauty.
Evolution is a strange a mysterious process.
Evolution is a structure of organized change which is itself undergoing change and reorganization.
Evolution is a successful predictive theory.
Evolution is a theory .
Evolution is a theory and a fact.
Evolution is a theory entirely without a believable mechanism.
Evolution is a theory in the same sense that gravity is a theory.
Evolution is a theory in trouble.
Evolution is a theory that different species have evolved over time from a common ancestor.
Evolution is a theory that explains how life has changed through time.
Evolution is a theory that life evolves from simple to the more complex forms.
Evolution is a theory that states that man came from the monkeys.
Evolution is a theory that was derived from facts.
Evolution is a theory which applies only to biological examples of design.
Evolution is a theory without a mechanism.
Evolution is a theory, repeatedly tested and supported by the evidence.
Evolution is a theory.
Evolution is a tightly coupled dance, with life and the material environment as partners.
Evolution is a tinkerer.
Evolution is a unifying concept in biology.
Evolution is a vertical flow.
Evolution is a very effective method of design.
Evolution is a very significant term.
Evolution is a very slow and tedious process that nature has used for billions of years.
Evolution is a very slow process.
Evolution is a violent and bloody process, full of stress and horror and gnashing of teeth.
Evolution is a wasteful, inefficient process.
Evolution is a.
Evolution is about adapting for survival in a changing environment.
Evolution is about electing to survive.
Evolution is about slowing down our lives.
Evolution is about the development of living things over time.
Evolution is about what happens after things are.
Evolution is acc.
Evolution is accidental, like a straight flush dealt to a poker rookie.
Evolution is achieved by means of a genetic algorithm .
Evolution is adaptation to local circumstances.
Evolution is all about changes that species have to go through to adapt to an environment.
Evolution is all about diversity, organization, systems and success.
Evolution is all about forming, changes, and staying alive and living in different areas.
Evolution is all about things happening 'by themselves', with no intelligent input.
Evolution is also a critical guide to the conduct of research important to public health.
Evolution is also a fact.
Evolution is also a foundation upon which virtually all modern biology rests.
Evolution is also a number of theories which seek to explain how evolution takes place.
Evolution is also intent on making all of humanity economically successful.
Evolution is also the result of change within the partnership itself.
Evolution is always for the good of the species.
Evolution is always slow and gradual.
Evolution is an accepted scientific theory.
Evolution is an active process that is observed today.
Evolution is an alchemical process.
Evolution is an answer to many problems.
Evolution is an ascent.
Evolution is an exciting subject and there is no harm in portraying it as such.
Evolution is an exclusive faith that defends itself by excluding all others.
Evolution is an explanation of a wide set of observations and data.
Evolution is an idea in biology.
Evolution is an illogical theory.
Evolution is an impossibility.
Evolution is an improvement in quality according to some metric.
Evolution is an increase in unified reality.
Evolution is an integrated calendaring, email application and personal information manager.
Evolution is an interesting theory.
Evolution is an intricate process.
Evolution is an irreversible phenomenon.
Evolution is an iteration between diversification and selection.
Evolution is an objective science and is structured, like all knowledge, inside experience.
Evolution is an observational fact of nature.
Evolution is an ongoing process that is still happening today.
Evolution is an ongoing process.
Evolution is an opportunistic process, neither progressive nor guided by any particular goal.
Evolution is an orderly change from one form to another.
Evolution is an unbroken sequence.
Evolution is an unfolding.
Evolution is another form of nature worship, which is what the Bible is talking about here.
Evolution is anti-knowledge.
Evolution is anything but proven, though.
Evolution is anything BUT random.
Evolution is as real as gravity.
Evolution is associated with changes in chromosome structure and number.
Evolution is at work here, but just what is evolving remains to be seen.
Evolution is based mostly on observations and evidence.
Evolution is based on a theory.
Evolution is based on faith just as much as creation is.
Evolution is based on four observations.
Evolution is based on genetic change through mutations over time.
Evolution is based on man s ideas contrary to what the Bible teaches.
Evolution is based on the idea of continual, accidental upward development.
Evolution is based on the premise that time plus dead matter plus chance formed all living things.
Evolution is based on the scientific method.
Evolution is based on uniformitarian philosophy.
Evolution is baseless and quite incredible.
Evolution is basically a continuing growth through learning in many forms.
Evolution is basically a religious philosophy.
Evolution is better than revolution to users.
Evolution is better than revolution.
Evolution is blind.
Evolution is both a fact and a number of closely-related theories.
Evolution is both a fact and a theory.
Evolution is both a pattern and a process.
Evolution is both a simple and deep concept.
Evolution is both an observed fact as well as an idea or hypothesis.
Evolution is both fact and theory.
Evolution is both science and religion .
Evolution is broken down into three different main categories.
Evolution is capable of playing the same game with a different cast of players.
Evolution is caused by changes in gene frequencies over time.
Evolution is caused only by natural selection.
Evolution is central to understanding all aspects of biology.
Evolution is change in biological populations over generations.
Evolution is change in genetic make up of a population or species over time.
Evolution is change of Levels.
Evolution is change or descent with modification.
Evolution is change outward and upward, entropy is change inward and downward.
Evolution is change over time.
Evolution is change through time.
Evolution is change with continuity.
Evolution is clearly an anti-Christian way of thinking.
Evolution is complement to humanism.
Evolution is completely amoral.
Evolution is concerned mainly with common ancestry and the mechanisms of speciation and adaptation.
Evolution is concerned with explaining how organisms adapt and how organismal diversity arises.
Evolution is concerned with living things.
Evolution is congruent across the line and there are no shortcuts.
Evolution is conservative.
Evolution is considered at the molecular, individual, population, and higher levels.
Evolution is considered to be a scientific fact.
Evolution is constant.
Evolution is cool.
Evolution is criticized, as is the theory that the Earth is round.
Evolution is currently available only from daily snapshots.
Evolution is currently in development, but a preview release is now available.
Evolution is defined as a gradual process of development or change.
Evolution is defined as change in composition of a population, or descent with modification.
Evolution is defined as change.
Evolution is defined as changes in genotypic frequencies in a population due to selection.
Evolution is demoted from science to theory and creationism is elevated from theory to science.
Evolution is dependent on two forces.
Evolution is descent with modification through time.
Evolution is 'descent with modification'.
Evolution is destined to sit on the shelves at the local video store because it lacked creativity.
Evolution is destiny, but destiny can be shaped by human science.
Evolution is directionless.
Evolution is driven by cooperation and competition in ecosystems.
Evolution is driven by low-probability random events.
Evolution is easiest when the modifications are local.
Evolution is either revolution or it is nothing.
Evolution is embedded in the American consciousness for a simple and terrible reason.
Evolution is entertaining.
Evolution is entirely the work of Satan and man.
Evolution is fact like a round earth is fact.
Evolution is fact.
Evolution is faith.
Evolution is faster for birds and mammals than for the cold blooded amphibians, fish and reptiles.
Evolution is feasible in linear time.
Evolution is foolishness.
Evolution is fueled by extinction.
Evolution is full of huge gaps and is an unproven theory.
Evolution is fundamental in the scientific discussion of life on earth and of the earth itself.
Evolution is fundamental to biology and geology, and of primary importance to many other sciences.
Evolution is generally a slow process.
Evolution is good science and is economically and socially relevant.
Evolution is good.
Evolution is gradual.
Evolution is identified as being the central unifying role in the biological sciences.
Evolution is immensely wasteful of life.
Evolution is impossible by all laws of physics, chemistry and mathematics.
Evolution is in anoncvs.
Evolution is in our own hands.
Evolution is in the eye of the beholder.
Evolution is in.
Evolution is indeed a fact of being.
Evolution is indeed in trouble.
Evolution is Inevitable.
Evolution is Inferior a.
Evolution is infinity.
Evolution is influenced by the differential survival and reproduction of phenotypes.
Evolution is inherently unfair.
Evolution is innovation.
Evolution is intent on doing that.
Evolution is inventive in the sense that it is chaos squeezed through a filter.
Evolution is just a belief.
Evolution is just a hill climbing algorithm.
Evolution is just a modern version of the old Pelagian heresy .
Evolution is just a theory that some scientists believe.
Evolution is just a theory.
Evolution is just one aspect of science that has been used to defend racist ideas.
Evolution is just such an inference.
Evolution is just the source of racism.
Evolution is king of the classroom.
Evolution is known to be a false doctrine, and it's final defences are shattered.
Evolution is like climbing a mountain.
Evolution is like other major scientific theories.
Evolution is like that - illustrated with info on the battle of the sexes.
Evolution is like that.
Evolution is likely to have molded any and all behaviors that conferred survival value.
Evolution is limited by historical constraints.
Evolution is littered with examples of opportunism.
Evolution is many orders of magnitude ahead of mankind today in creating a complex system.
Evolution is merely a function of random chance.
Evolution is merely an observed process in nature.
Evolution is merely Ghostbusters remade with aliens taking the place of ghosts.
Evolution is merely one of the key tools being used to undermine truth.
Evolution is messy, unpredictable, and utterly unmanageable.
Evolution is messy.
Evolution is modest, middling entertainment.
Evolution is more apparent in places such as the Galapagos because the environment is stripped bare.
Evolution is more freewheeling.
Evolution is more than a programming problem.
Evolution is more than just an hypothesis.
Evolution is mosaic in character, proceeding at different rates in different structures.
Evolution is most apparent in places like the Galapagos, where the environment is stripped bare.
Evolution is mutation of a population over a period of time, mostly both genetically and physically.
Evolution is mythology.
Evolution is nature making the female of the species desirable by the male.
Evolution is nature's way of solving problems.
Evolution is neither a scientific theory nor a fact.
Evolution is no longer a credible theory.
Evolution is no longer explainable through organisms themselves.
Evolution is no longer merely a theory.
Evolution is non-scientific ecclesiasticism.
Evolution is nothing but a religion called atheism.
Evolution is nothing but atheism in disguise.
Evolution is nothing more than a conclusion based on centuries of research.
Evolution is nothing more than atheism anyway.
Evolution is nothing more than the victor's word for genocide.
Evolution is of interest to all.
Evolution is often a compromise between natural selection and sexual selection.
Evolution is often about compromises.
Evolution is one more case.
Evolution is one of the deadliest lies that Satan has ever used.
Evolution is one of the fundamental and unifying concepts of biology.
Evolution is one of the great unifying theories of biology.
Evolution is one of the greatest hoaxes ever perpetrated against mankind.
Evolution is one of the greatest scientific discoveries of all time.
Evolution is one of the important features of biological systems but is excluded from cybernetics.
Evolution is one of the most important organizing principles in biology.
Evolution is one of the unifying concepts of modern biology.
Evolution is one of the universal laws.
Evolution is one such theory.
Evolution is only a theory and a bad one at that.
Evolution is only a theory.
Evolution is only one of several theories invented to explain the phenomena of created things.
Evolution is opportunistic, and builds on parts it already has.
Evolution is our department's primary unifying theme.
Evolution is out.
Evolution is overrated.
Evolution is part and parcel of a scientific understanding of the world.
Evolution is particularly hard to see in action, because it happens so slowly.
Evolution is perhaps the best known but least understood concept by science students.
Evolution is perpetuated by the appearance of empiricism and masquerades as science.
Evolution is poor science.
Evolution is positively anti-science.
Evolution is possible without natural selection.
Evolution is powered by chemistry.
Evolution is preached in our schools and creation is denied.
Evolution is predetermined, but it has only happened once.
Evolution is primarily concerned with the origin of humans.
Evolution is punctuated equilibrium, it flourishes when new boundary conditions are imposed.
Evolution is put forth by science as a fact.
Evolution is random.
Evolution is Real As to evolution, evolution is science.
Evolution is real, and it happens.
Evolution is really more of a shift sideways to a different tangent.
Evolution is really the story of replicators ber alles.
Evolution is rejected.
Evolution is religion .
Evolution is represented by layers, as in the the film animators cel.
Evolution is resilient.
Evolution is riddled with problems of both plot and character that suggests a rush job.
Evolution is rife with examples of both loss and parallel evolution.
Evolution is risky enough.
Evolution is ruthless on the Web.
Evolution is ruthless.
Evolution is salvation by man's own works and progress.
Evolution is scalable to clients of all sizes, easily supporting both basic and complex payrolls.
Evolution is science fiction.
Evolution is science, and as such belongs in science classrooms.
Evolution is science.
Evolution is Science.
Evolution is scientific fact.
Evolution is seen as something that happened in the past.
Evolution is simply a change in frequencies of alleles in the gene pool of a population .
Evolution is simply a change in gene frequency in a population.
Evolution is simply a myth.
Evolution is simply a scientific understanding of our origins.
Evolution is simply a series of minor changes.
Evolution is simply an evolution of germ plasm, and only incidentally of the individual.
Evolution is simply change exerted by evolutionary pressures.
Evolution is simply change in frequencies of alleles in the gene pool of a population .
Evolution is simply materialistic philosophy in disguise.
Evolution is slow in catching up.
Evolution is slow.
Evolution is software.
Evolution is solely a biological mechanism.
Evolution is something that is easily understood by youth today.
Evolution is something which happens to individual organisms.
Evolution is split into two parts, micro evolution, and macro evolution.
Evolution is still a legitimate scientific concept.
Evolution is still a theory until it is proven.
Evolution is still a work in progress.
Evolution is still alive and kicking.
Evolution is still evolution even if it has been hastened by an intelligent species.
Evolution is still the lens through which all scientists view their subject of study. . .
Evolution is still the theory that explains the existence of species with the least assumptions.
Evolution is still very attractive.
Evolution is stressed throughout the curriculum.
Evolution is subject to the mathematical laws of physics.
Evolution is such a broad field of study that there are many specialized approaches.
Evolution is sultry schmaltz of the highest order.
Evolution is supported by a great deal of subjective theory and assumption.
Evolution is supported by literally millions of tons of fossils.
Evolution is supposed to be a process of change.
Evolution is supposed to have begun when prokaryotes evolved out of the primeval soup.
Evolution is taught as a fact in schools, TV, radio, books, and magazines.
Evolution is taught as a fact, however, since it is observed.
Evolution is taught in science class, and the school observes Jewish holidays.
Evolution is taught in the schools.
Evolution is taught instead.
Evolution is testable in the same way that history and archeology is testable.
Evolution is the accumulation of changes in the heritable characteristics of a population.
Evolution is the act of a development of an organic species.
Evolution is the adaptation an animal makes to survive in it's environment.
Evolution is the adaptive response of a group of organisms that occurs over many generations.
Evolution is the backbone of our biological understanding.
Evolution is the belief that one species becomes another.
Evolution is the best explanation for both the fossil record and the extant diversity of life.
Evolution is the best scientific explanation of our origins.
Evolution is the best theory to explain the fossil record.
Evolution is the binding force of all biological research.
Evolution is the central concept in biology.
Evolution is the central idea of all biology.
Evolution is the central organizing principle of biology, understood as descent with modification.
Evolution is the central organizing principle of biology.
Evolution is the central organizing principle that biologists use to understand the world.
Evolution is the central organizing theory of biology.
Evolution is the central principle of biology.
Evolution is the central theme of the study of biology.
Evolution is the central theory of biology.
Evolution is the central unifying concept of biology.
Evolution is the change in a population and species in a certain amount of time.
Evolution is the change in gene frequency in a population over many generations.
Evolution is the change in genetic characteristics of a population over time.
Evolution is the change in population short period of time.
Evolution is the change in populations bringing the birth of new species.
Evolution is the change in the genetic composition of a population during a period of time.
Evolution is the change in the genetic composition of a population during successive generations.
Evolution is the change in the genetic structure of a population over time.
Evolution is the change in traits.
Evolution is the change of a population or community through time.
Evolution is the change of allele frequency over time.
Evolution is the change of organisms over time.
Evolution is the change over time of inherited traits found in a population of individuals.
Evolution is the change that characterizes populations through successive generations.
Evolution is the changing of population or species over a period of time.
Evolution is the concept that connects all other fields of biological study.
Evolution is the concept that makes biology unique.
Evolution is the concept that species change through time.
Evolution is the continuous progressive unfoldment of power within our own consciousness.
Evolution is the cornerstone of modern biology.
Evolution is the creation of a more complex lifeform from less complex lifeforms.
Evolution is the cumulative change in the heritable characteristics of a population.
Evolution is the defining property and the organizing process of life.
Evolution is the dumbest and most dangerous religion ever made up.
Evolution is the essential nature of existence.
Evolution is the eternal play of creative possibilities manifesting in time.
Evolution is the explanation that threads it all together.
Evolution is the fanning process which is to accomplish that end.
Evolution is the gradual accumulation of adaptions over time.
Evolution is the gradual change of an organism over time.
Evolution is the gradual change of an organisms over time.
Evolution is the great shaper of all life on earth.
Evolution is the greatest hoax ever foisted on human minds' .
Evolution is the history of changing forms, organic or inorganic, as affected by unchanging laws.
Evolution is the history of life.
Evolution is the history of the progression of the spirit in time.
Evolution is the idea that animals and plants change as their environments change.
Evolution is the idea that living things have changed over time.
Evolution is the idea that says living things change over time as their environments change.
Evolution is the integration of all biological and historical geological knowledge.
Evolution is the key here.
Evolution is the key.
Evolution is the law of life, and there is no evolution except towards individualism.
Evolution is the light by which everything else in biology makes sense.
Evolution is the linchpin of secular humanism.
Evolution is the main key behind modern biological research.
Evolution is the measure of truth.
Evolution is the mechanism of creation.
Evolution is the most heavily tested theory in science.
Evolution is the most powerful and elegant theory in biology.
Evolution is the movement of the horizontal to upright positiveness.
Evolution is the mutation of a population over a period of time.
Evolution is the natural governing principle of the biological sciences.
Evolution is the one unifying biological theme .
Evolution is the one unifying theory of modern biology.
Evolution is the only credible explanation for instinct.
Evolution is the only explanation for the origin of life accepted by intelligent people.
Evolution is the only philosophy that can be used to justify their political agenda.
Evolution is the only possibility.
Evolution is the process by which inferior species are replaced by superior species.
Evolution is the process by which life and biodiversity developed.
Evolution is the process by which life changes over time.
Evolution is the process by which modern organisms have descended from ancient ancestors.
Evolution is the process by which one species changes into another species.
Evolution is the process in which single cells within the population going from simple to complex.
Evolution is the process of accidental engineering.
Evolution is the process of adaptation.
Evolution is the process of change over time.
Evolution is the process of how organisms acquire adaptations over time.
Evolution is the process when a life form becomes more complex and advance.
Evolution is the process which results in the development of new species from previous forms.
Evolution is the product of variation and selection.
Evolution is the progression of a population according to their environment.
Evolution is the purpose that explains all the seeming imperfections.
Evolution is the religion to which they are committed.
Evolution is the result of conscious struggle.
Evolution is the result of experience and the lessons derived from it.
Evolution is the result of genetic changes that occur in constantly changing environments.
Evolution is the result of interactions between organisms and the environment.
Evolution is the result of natural selection acting upon variation within a population.
Evolution is the result of the development of ideas in mind.
Evolution is the resulting change in the species or allele frequency with time.
Evolution is the simply the process of stepwise change.
Evolution is the single most important concept in biology.
Evolution is the sole feature that differentiates living matter from non-living matter.
Evolution is the study of animals that has surrounding the earth for many centuries.
Evolution is the study of how living things change over time.
Evolution is the study of living things with time.
Evolution is the systematic and progressive development of life toward perfection.
Evolution is the teaching that everything came out of nothing.
Evolution is the tendency of all natural forms to seek highest form and highest function.
Evolution is the theory in biology that says that animals change over time.
Evolution is the theory of how one form of life changes into another form.
Evolution is the theory that all life evolved from common ancestors.
Evolution is the theory that everything made itself, and that no creator was necessary.
Evolution is the theory that explains how life has changed through time.
Evolution is the theory that is falling apart.
Evolution is the unified field theory of biology.
Evolution is the unifying principle in science.
Evolution is the unifying theme of our curriculum.
Evolution is the unifying theory of all the life sciences.
Evolution is the 'weeding' out of inefective genes over hundreds of thousands of years.
Evolution is the work's central theme.
Evolution is then a sign of complexification Hierarchy is a sign of discontinuous energy gradients.
Evolution is therefore essential to naturalism in the same way creation is to theism.
Evolution is thus both a theme and a structural element of the collection.
Evolution is thus slow and governed largely by chance mutation.
Evolution is tied to uniformitarianism and creationism is tied to catastrophism .
Evolution is to grow into a new higher structure, which is radically different from development.
Evolution is to social scientists as statues are to birds.
Evolution is too bushy to permit such a straightforward story, too full of side branches.
Evolution is totally independent of the theory of evolution.
Evolution is tree-like as lineages split and extinction occurs.
Evolution is tricky to navigate.
Evolution is true of the spirit.
Evolution is true, the earth is billions of years old.
Evolution is true.
Evolution is undirected variation.
Evolution is unfrequent and controlled by central and distant agents.
Evolution is unpredictable and arbitrary, while science is systematic-based on a preexisting system.
Evolution is used for stabilization and minor adaptations.
Evolution is usually slow with few new species.
Evolution is very real, and the lactose and oxygen examples cited are great examples of it.
Evolution is very unlikely in a day to day, or even year to year sense.
Evolution is wasteful and inefficient.
Evolution is what a persistent world is all about.
Evolution is what changes everything.
Evolution is what keeps scientists guessing of what coming next.
Evolution is when creatures or living things become more complex as times passes.
Evolution is wrong as an explanation of creation.
Evolution is wrong.
Evolution is Wrong.
Evolution is, according to history and science, false.
Evolution is, after all, mainly a crap shoot.
Evolution is, in last analysis, the philosophical thread that holds con- temporary biology together.
Evolution is, therefore, neither fact, theory, nor hypothesis.
Evolution isa process.
Evolution just happens.
Evolution just means adaptation to fit into a particular environment.
Evolution just means change , in particular, the unfolding of a new pattern from an old one.
Evolution keeps on screwing up, it's really quite painful.
Evolution keeps the war waging between predator and prey.
Evolution knows no bounds.
Evolution knows no moral feeling.
Evolution leads to a chaotic pattern.
Evolution leads to a set of separated simple stable or periodic structures.
Evolution leads to complex localized structures, sometimes long-lived.
Evolution leads to efficient, stable, and versatile products.
Evolution leads to more complexity and 'improvement'.
Evolution leads to permanent association.
Evolution Learn about the evolution theory.
Evolution Learn how our three-pound super computer works.
Evolution lies exposed in the imperfections that record a history of descent.
Evolution looks ok.
Evolution looks to be a spectacular driving sim, with great physics and gorgeous visuals.
Evolution looks uncontroversial.
Evolution loves a high death rate.
Evolution mainly works by natural selection .
Evolution mainly works by natural selection.
Evolution maintains that the world came into being and managed to be able to support life by chance.
Evolution makes a lot of sense.
Evolution Makes alpine and telemark skis and snowboards.
Evolution makes do with what it has at hand.
Evolution makes improvement.
Evolution makes less use of it.
Evolution makes life ultimately meaningless.
Evolution makes many definite predictions that have been borne out by observation.
Evolution makes no judgements about better or worse .
Evolution makes no judgements about better or worse.
Evolution makes no sense except in the light of genetics.
Evolution makes no value judgements.
Evolution makes sense of the anomaly.
Evolution makes sense of things.
Evolution makes sense, and is a lot of fun to play.
Evolution makes something new out of something that already exists.
Evolution manipulates the programs that generate the coordinates of the surfaces.
Evolution means a coming forth from something.
Evolution means change in living things over long periods of time.
Evolution means change, implies dynamism, implies energy.
Evolution means change.
Evolution means construction of new genes.
Evolution means gradual change.
Evolution means money and ratings to the corporate networks.
Evolution means populations of organisms change over time.
Evolution means simply that life changes over time.
Evolution means that life has a history, and drawing the tree of life has been a central enterprise.
Evolution means that organisms are slowly changing.
Evolution means the gradual or sudden change of animals through successive generations.
Evolution means, literally, progress.
Evolution merely sets out various forms in a sequence.
Evolution molds life to respond to recurring situations.
Evolution moves into ages.
Evolution moves into middle ages.
Evolution necessitates long-term progress in any set direction.
Evolution needs lots of time for life to have arrived on the scene.
Evolution needs organisms to mutate regularly in order for a species to evolve.
Evolution needs to be completely removed from all science classes.
Evolution never designs anything from scratch.
Evolution never gets stuck.
Evolution never happens in a linear fashion.
Evolution never occurs, it is just an idea.
Evolution now comes into question as it relates to the origin of species.
Evolution occupies a central position in the biological sciences.
Evolution occurs as a result of changes in the allele frequency of a population.
Evolution occurs as changes accumulate over generations.
Evolution occurs as some genetic variations become common in populations, and others become rare.
Evolution occurs as species change through time, sometimes splitting into two species.
Evolution occurs at the level of the population.
Evolution occurs because individuals can evolve.
Evolution occurs because of natural selection.
Evolution occurs because of three forces.
Evolution occurs by changing the states of individual cells.
Evolution occurs by different things such as rays, mutation, and lots of other things.
Evolution occurs by gradual changes in a population.
Evolution occurs by natural selection, gene flow, and genetic drift.
Evolution occurs by natural selection.
Evolution occurs continually and survivors become steadily adapted to new situations.
Evolution occurs gradually over time.
Evolution occurs in fields.
Evolution occurs in populations or species.
Evolution occurs in response to a change in the .
Evolution occurs in two ways, mutation and natural selection.
Evolution occurs on an invisible landscape, the actual process spanning eons.
Evolution occurs on the physical, mental, and spiritual planes.
Evolution occurs only in individuals.
Evolution occurs over time.
Evolution occurs through a process of 'natural selection'.
Evolution occurs very quickly and then it stops.
Evolution occurs when children mature into adults.
Evolution occurs when natural selection works on genetic variation.
Evolution occurs when organizations are able to live in a constant state of transformation.
Evolution occurs when the frquency of alleles in a population fluxuates, as is the case here.
Evolution occurs whenever a population of individuals changes over time.
Evolution occurs whenever different genes can result in different rates of reproductive success.
Evolution occurs while reproducing.
Evolution occurs, growth occurs and the cycle continues.
Evolution occurs, novelty arises, but only within the constraints of mother nature's physics budget.
Evolution offers a prime example.
Evolution offers a wide range of multimedia resources for high school biology teachers and students.
Evolution offers advantage.
Evolution offers consultancy, development, integration and deployment services.
Evolution offers man freedom by denying that guilt exists.
Evolution offers the most beautiful and unusual collectable insects available.
Evolution offers the most important Clues.
Evolution only concerns the traits which can be inherited', wholly or partly.
Evolution only concerns the traits which can be inherited, wholly or partly.
Evolution only describes how life changed after it started.
Evolution only describes how living stuff develops once it's already alive.
Evolution only kicks in once that life is already here.
Evolution only occurs when there is a change in gene frequency within a population over time.
Evolution only pushes the statement a stage back.
Evolution only works on a level of what makes the individual produce more breeding individuals.
Evolution opens with a bang.
Evolution operates at the level of the species.
Evolution operates strictly on the individual organism.
Evolution operating on the amplification and diminution of structures is well known.
Evolution patches over.
Evolution permeates history, law, art, music, and sadly theology.
Evolution permeates the entire book.
Evolution plans ahead to achieve goals.
Evolution play an important role in large software system.
Evolution plays a big role in biology.
Evolution plays a central, unifying role in our understanding of nature.
Evolution postulates man and all life began as a single cell.
Evolution predicts the spread of traits that enhances the spread of our genes.
Evolution presents theories.
Evolution presents various theories.
Evolution proceeds at different rates.
Evolution proceeds by accident, mistake.
Evolution proceeds by selection between individuals and between groups.
Evolution proceeds by the continual replacement of resident types by novel mutants.
Evolution proceeds entirely without design, by mere chance.
Evolution proceeds in steps.
Evolution proceeds more rapidly in the sexual population.
Evolution proceeds on seven planes throughout the manifested universe.
Evolution proceeds primarily through the introduction of random mutations in offspring.
Evolution proceeds rapidly, stimulated by climatic and environmental change.
Evolution proceeds through both natural genetic variation and chance mutations.
Evolution proceeds unceasingly in all biological populations.
Evolution proceeds via natural selection acting on the environment.
Evolution proceeds with gradual changes in populations.
Evolution produces changes in a population.
Evolution produces the strongest organism when the organism is in absolute misery.
Evolution promises to be a pleasure to use.
Evolution promotes racism.
Evolution Provides a list of links to sites concerned with evolution.
Evolution provides a unifying theme for understanding the history of life on earth.
Evolution provides an example.
Evolution provides an scientific origin for the the universe.
Evolution provides evidence.
Evolution provides for folders and nested folders.
Evolution provides information technology staffing to companies in a wide variety of areas.
Evolution provides many useful examples of both gradual change and sudden invention.
Evolution provides no answers to explain the vast amount of evil done by mankind.
Evolution provides such an account.
Evolution provides the conceptual backbone of zoology.
Evolution provides the intellectual foundation for naturalism.
Evolution provides the unifying conceptual basis for the course.
Evolution quickly removes unused features.
Evolution raises questions of considerable philosophical interest and much controversy.
Evolution reduces the value of human purpose to the passing on of one's genes.
Evolution refers to descent with modification.
Evolution refers to effects of selection over generations of individuals.
Evolution refers to gradual changes over time in a population of organisms.
Evolution refers to temporal changes in the genetic structure of a population of any source or kind.
Evolution refers to the cumulative changes in a population or species through time.
Evolution refers to the fabrication and development of life on earth.
Evolution reinforces the body's urge to eat the things it needs to survive.
Evolution relies on random chance acts to cause mutations.
Evolution renders both biology and psychology comprehensible.
Evolution replaces the value of moral behavior with the concept of survival of the fittest.
Evolution requires a gain in information new structures, new functions.
Evolution requires an old Earth, an old solar system, and an old universe.
Evolution requires assessments.
Evolution requires billions of years to achieve even a ghost of a chance.
Evolution requires chance without intervention of an intelligent being.
Evolution requires death to proceed.
Evolution requires evidence.
Evolution requires genetic change and environmental factors, driven by selection.
Evolution requires genetic diversity.
Evolution requires huge amounts of time.
Evolution requires improvement, but mutations never help anyone.
Evolution requires information and complexity to arise and keep increasing over millions of years.
Evolution requires inheritance, mutation, and selection.
Evolution requires intermediary forms by the millions upon millions, yet none exist.
Evolution requires millions of years of struggle and death.
Evolution requires reproduction.
Evolution requires selections.
Evolution requires tens of millions of years for any observable changes to occur.
Evolution requires that changes be made which make brand new species that have never existed before.
Evolution requires that new life forms arise from mutations.
Evolution requires that struggle and death are necessary antecedents of man.
Evolution requires the existence of a process for the invention of new information from scratch.
Evolution requires the strongest to survive and the weaker to be killed or die off.
Evolution requires the transition from one kind to another to be gradual.
Evolution requires thousands of genes.
Evolution requires variation of inherited traits within a population.
Evolution reserve the right to change prices or specifications at any time.
Evolution results from selection acting upon genetic variation within a population.
Evolution results in increased complexity.
Evolution results in modifications of characteristics over time.
Evolution reuses parts of the old structure and adds something new by creating new connections.
Evolution runs throughout entire text.
Evolution s most significant mechanism is natural selection.
Evolution says everything is grow more orderly and complex, but truth shows the opposite.
Evolution says it created everything.
Evolution says that all creatures are products of a primordial soup plus time plus chance.
Evolution says that all happened by random chance.
Evolution says that all life forms evolved from the first life.
Evolution says that death has always been a part of nature.
Evolution says that everything evolved over thousands of millions of years.
Evolution says there was man before there was death.
Evolution seems to explain the difference.
Evolution seems to have distributed a standard kit of two genes to a variety of unrelated bacteria.
Evolution seems to have quite a few degrees of freedom.
Evolution seems to have taken a step backward with our generation in regards to saving.
Evolution seems to have the physical evidence, with bones, fossils and artifacts.
Evolution seems to hesitate to think about the next step.
Evolution seems to predispose individuals to selfishness.
Evolution segregates the total genetic variability into discrete packages.
Evolution selects all life-forms for efficiency, and humans are no exception.
Evolution shapes an organism to best fit into that template.
Evolution shows characteristics.
Evolution shows similar characteristics.
Evolution shows the unity of all life forms.
Evolution shows why certain defects, such as our blind spot, exist.
Evolution simply explains a pattern of change of a species over a period of time.
Evolution simply means change.
Evolution simply means that living organisms have changed through time.
Evolution simply refers to genetic change within a population over time.
Evolution slows down once molecules near perfection.
Evolution speaks of progression.
Evolution speaks of the gradual development of man.
Evolution stars in astrophysical research .
Evolution start with living single cell organisms.
Evolution states that life arose from nonlife.
Evolution still begs the question of design.
Evolution still happens today, and it's still driven by natural selection.
Evolution still is a racist philosophy.
Evolution stops when stupidity is no longer fatal.
Evolution supports forces.
Evolution supposedly arrives at the same place through different routes.
Evolution takes a long period of time.
Evolution takes care of all problems.
Evolution takes long time.
Evolution takes millions of years.
Evolution takes place from one generation to the next.
Evolution takes place in the post global warming period.
Evolution takes place only when a corresponding change in the subjective life is accomplished.
Evolution takes place only within a very narrow band of mutation step size.
Evolution takes place simply to ensure better survival in the current habitat.
Evolution takes tens of thousands of years.
Evolution takes time and it needs a universe in which to operate.
Evolution takes time and smaller organisms tend to have a faster offspring turnover rate.
Evolution takes time.
Evolution takes time.
Evolution takes years and years.
Evolution teaches all morality is merely a long development from animal instincts.
Evolution teaches neural networks.
Evolution teaches savagery.
Evolution teaches that birds evolved from fish, hundreds of millions of years later.
Evolution teaches that change takes millions of years.
Evolution teaches that everything came into existence by accident.
Evolution teaches that life increases in complexity, and therefore defies the second law.
Evolution teaches that mammals evolved from reptiles.
Evolution teaches that man evolved from life forms that developed in the ocean.
Evolution teaches that man has no naturally fixed position in any organized hierarchy of species.
Evolution teaches that man is a mere animal, made in the image of ape, at best.
Evolution teaches that man is progressing and has been since the first man.
Evolution teaches that new organs developed gradually over a period of time.
Evolution teaches that our lives are controlled by the impersonal forces of accident and chance.
Evolution teaches that the miraculous and the supernatural are impossible.
Evolution teaches the exact opposite.
Evolution teaches the survival of the fittest.
Evolution tends to attain similar ends by different means.
Evolution tends to overcompensate, and then the extra crud starves off.
Evolution then occurs quickly.
Evolution then stops.
Evolution thus becomes the most potent weapon for destroying the Christian faith.
Evolution tracks all banking transactions.
Evolution tries to answer all the questions except who and why.
Evolution tries to explain how species change over time .
Evolution tries to explain how species change over time.
Evolution typically takes a few million years to alter species dramatically.
Evolution underpins all biology, affecting our health, our food supply, the very web of life.
Evolution uses energy.
Evolution uses it's own encryption system.
Evolution uses misery and death to sort it all out.
Evolution uses the pair in conjunction to find components available on the system.
Evolution verses creationism.
Evolution violates the second law of thermodynamics.
Evolution violates the Second Law of Thermodynamics.
Evolution waits for no man.
Evolution wants that gene there.
Evolution wants to get rid of as much stuff as it can, in order to keep only the strongest.
Evolution wins without a doubt.
Evolution wipes out the unfit.
Evolution works best on misery and death.
Evolution works best when there is variety.
Evolution works better.
Evolution works by chance.
Evolution works by culling the weak and preserving the strong.
Evolution works by exapting previously existing structures for new uses.
Evolution works by natural selection, which implies extermination of competing varieties.
Evolution works by slowly sculpting the early embryonic clay of an organism.
Evolution works continually.
Evolution works in both directions.
Evolution works in the opposite direction.
Evolution works on a very broad, but slow front.
Evolution works that way.
Evolution works the same way.
Evolutions says that the human race evolved from other species.
Evolution always builds on existing material.
Evolution always goes from smaller animals to larger ones.
Evolution often proceeds from complex to simpler organisms.
Evolution often produces more complex organisms by repeating modules.
Evolution sometimes refers to a philosophy of nature, especially in popular literature.
Evolution usually extends over several human lifetimes, often over millions of years or more.
Evolution usually takes place over millions of years.
Evolution usually works in an incremental fashion.
All evolution can only take place within the parameters of each species.
All Evolution follows the same line of action, from the microcosm to the macrocosm.
All evolution is a climbing towards a higher form.
All evolution is adaptive.
All evolution is, is change.
Any evolution is accidental.
More evolution can produce two distinct species.
Most evolution drives variation.
Most evolution explores theories.
Most evolution follows evolution.
Most evolution happens over spans of time that are hard to comprehend.
Most evolution has effects.
Most evolution has variation.
Most evolution increases complexity.
Most evolution influences ecological outcomes.
Most evolution influences outcomes.
Most evolution involves natural selections.
Most evolution involves selections.
Most evolution makes improvement.
Most evolution occurs in fields.
Most evolution occurs over time.
Most evolution offers advantage.
Most evolution presents theories.
Most evolution presents various theories.
Most evolution provides evidence.
Most evolution requires assessments.
Most evolution requires reproduction.
Most evolution requires selections.
Most evolution shows characteristics.
Most evolution shows similar characteristics.
Most evolution supports forces.
Most evolution takes long time.
Most evolution takes time.
Most evolution uses energy.
Some evolution applies feedback.
Some evolution applies positive feedback.
Some evolution becomes dogma.
Some evolution contributes to evolution.
Some evolution contributes to vertebrate evolution.
Some evolution depends on ages.
Some evolution explains instances.
Some evolution explores concepts.
Some evolution explores fundamental principles.
Some evolution explores key principles.
Some evolution explores principles.
Some evolution fills gaps.
Some evolution follows different patterns.
Some evolution follows patterns.
Some evolution follows several different patterns.
Some evolution has ability.
Some evolution has attributes.
Some evolution has instances.
Some evolution has power.
Some evolution has purposes.
Some evolution has roles.
Some evolution has ultimate purposes.
Some evolution has unimportant roles.
Some evolution involves genetic tweaks.
Some evolution involves tweaks.
Some evolution is based on that, some is based on survival.
Some evolution leads to complexity.
Some evolution leads to immense complexity.
Some evolution occurs in ancestors.
Some evolution occurs in bacteria.
Some evolution occurs in countries.
Some evolution occurs in other countries.
Some evolution occurs in responses.
Some evolution provides benefits.
Some evolution provides many benefits.
Some evolution requires alteration.
Some evolution requires information.
Some evolution requires steps.
Some evolution results in extinction.
Some evolution shows advantage.
Evolutionary adaptation is a phenomenon of pervasive importance in biology.
Evolutionary adaptations are the basis for the correlation between structure and function.
Every evolutionary adaptation has both benefits and costs.
Evolutionary advances are slow improvements made over a period of time.
Evolutionary algorithms are nondeterministic search methods based on the ideas of genetics.
Evolutionary algorithms seem well suited to the design of standard cells.
Evolutionary approach is concerned with result.
Evolutionary approaches are hard to test.
Many evolutionary astronomers teach that somehow atoms created themselves.
Evolutionary biologists are much teased for their obsession with why sex exists.
Evolutionary biologists argue that such claims are pseudo-scientific nonsense.
Evolutionary biologists believe that birds evolved from reptiles.
Evolutionary biologists call it the r-K scale of reproductive strategies.
Evolutionary biologists continue to debate the phylogenetic origins of segmentation.
Evolutionary biologists describe evolution.
Evolutionary biologists include other scientists.
Evolutionary biologists include scientists.
Evolutionary biologists keep diaries.
Evolutionary biologists reduce sex to simple math.
Evolutionary biologists refer to the functional components of organisms as 'adaptations'.
Evolutionary biologists require techniques.
Evolutionary biologists show darwin theories.
Evolutionary biologists show theories.
Evolutionary biologists spend a hell of a lot of time watching animals have sex.
Evolutionary biologists state their assumptions as fact.
Evolutionary biologists study aspects.
Evolutionary biologists study life history variation.
Evolutionary biologists study origins.
Evolutionary biologists study variation.
All evolutionary biologists know that variation itself is nature's only irreducible essence.
Many evolutionary biologists regard lateral gene transfer as an extraordinary event.
Most evolutionary biologists agree that what makes humans unique among animals is our brainpower.
Most evolutionary biologists describe evolution.
Most evolutionary biologists keep diaries.
Most evolutionary biologists require techniques.
Most evolutionary biologists show darwin theories.
Most evolutionary biologists show theories.
Most evolutionary biologists study life history variation.
Some evolutionary biologists find roles.
Some evolutionary biologists look for analogy.
Some evolutionary biologists observe scenes.
Some evolutionary biologists rely on principles.
Some evolutionary biologists see vectors.
Some evolutionary biologists view evolution.
Some evolutionary biologists work with geologists.
Evolutionary biology can explain complexity.
Evolutionary biology contains a vast and complicated science of who s fitter than who.
Evolutionary biology describes a form of sexual selection that deals with mate choice.
Evolutionary biology has aspects.
Evolutionary biology has concepts.
Evolutionary biology is a more productive analogy for social science.
Evolutionary biology is a more recent idea .
Evolutionary biology is a more recent idea.
Evolutionary biology is a science of high versus low probabilities.
Evolutionary biology is a theory or a way of understanding the diversity of living things.
Evolutionary biology is no exception.
Evolutionary biology is the study of the origin of life.
Evolutionary biology unifies a large number of areas in biology and can be quite philosophical.
Most evolutionary biology has aspects.
Most evolutionary biology has concepts.
Some evolutionary biology predicts existence.
Evolutionary change is a British political tradition.
Evolutionary change is also a change in gene frequency .
Evolutionary change is best because it can be wratcheted back more easily when mistakes are made.
Evolutionary change is brought about by natural selection.
Evolutionary change is entirely unable to deal with such permanent properties of nature.
Evolutionary change is fueled by genetic diversity and fluctuating environments.
Evolutionary change is undeniable.
Evolutionary change is very slow.
Evolutionary change occurs very slowly, and ecosystems are very old indeed.
Evolutionary change presents a number of enigmas.
Evolutionary changes appear to be like the growth of a bush.
Evolutionary changes are irreversible.
Evolutionary changes are the product of evolutionary forces acting on genetic variation .
Evolutionary changes are the same way some are neutral, some subtle, and some dramatic.
Evolutionary changes form two broad categories of being either easy, or hard to enact.
Evolutionary changes reflect the response of the collection of organisms to their environment.
Evolutionary changes take place slowly, resulting in relatively stable structures.
All evolutionary changes depend upon changes within populations .
Some evolutionary change is rapid and discontinuous, and some change is gradual.
Some evolutionary change occurs without selection, by random genetic drift.
Evolutionary classification attempts to represent major features of evolutionary history.
Evolutionary classification is a synthesis of the phenetic and phylogenetic principles.
Evolutionary computation can model both biological and cultural evolution.
Evolutionary computation makes use of a metaphor of natural evolution.
Evolutionary concepts have problems.
Most evolutionary concepts have problems.
Evolutionary design is healthier than visionary design.
Evolutionary development is caused by random events with no set purpose.
Evolutionary development takes million years.
Evolutionary development takes years.
Most evolutionary development takes million years.
Most evolutionary development takes years.
Evolutionary divergence produces differences.
Evolutionary ecologists think that humans evolved dimorphism for similar reasons.
Evolutionary ecology is one of the major topics in population biology.
Evolutionary ecology looks at how the living and non-living world has shaped the ecology of species.
Evolutionary epistemology is an alternative to traditional epistemology.
Evolutionary epistemology provides a unifying subject for the book.
Evolutionary ethics teach struggle and survival.
Evolutionary events occur during eras.
Evolutionary events occur over long periods of time and at the molecular level.
Most evolutionary events occur during eras.
Some evolutionary events lead to certain diseases.
Some evolutionary events lead to diseases.
Evolutionary explanations are highly fashionable for all manner of sin.
Evolutionary explanations can never explain man's higher powers .
Evolutionary explanations involve a lot of such messy details, threatening the grand generalities.
Evolutionary factors are interwoven with our individual and cultural life-styles.
Some evolutionary factors drive variation.
Evolutionary fitness is a measure of physical health.
Evolutionary fitness is measured in terms of reproductive success.
Evolutionary forces are processes that can change gene frequencies.
Evolutionary games have considerable unrealized potential for modeling substantive economic issues.
Evolutionary geneticists probe genomes for signs of positive and negative natural selection.
Evolutionary genomics is the study of the origins of the functions of genomes.
Evolutionary growth is critical in our business.
Evolutionary historians believe that each culture devised the same style of building independently.
Evolutionary history is interpreted as the genesis of natural value.
Evolutionary history is littered with dead-ends and false starts.
Evolutionary history requires knowledge of the mechanisms of both generation and selection.
Evolutionary humanism can be a guiding faith.
Evolutionary illusions are interesting and fundamental.
Evolutionary immortality is the immortality of deed.
Evolutionary implications are as yet unclear but are being unraveled in many laboratories.
Evolutionary lineage appears to have an influence.
Evolutionary lineages disappear forever.
Evolutionary mechanisms play roles.
Most evolutionary mechanisms play roles.
Evolutionary model shows worst is yet to come for Eastern Europe.
Evolutionary modification improves chances.
Most evolutionary modification improves chances.
Some evolutionary novelties are modified versions of older structures.
Some evolutionary paths lead to synthesis.
Evolutionary patterns are found that relate to the mass , age and composition of the star .
Evolutionary patterns are found that relate to the mass, age and composition of the star.
Evolutionary perspectives are probably most useful for explaining general societal behavior trends.
Some evolutionary possibility takes advantage.
Evolutionary pressure leads to development.
Evolutionary pressure leads to differences.
Most evolutionary pressure leads to development.
Most evolutionary pressure leads to differences.
Some evolutionary pressure leads to appearances.
Evolutionary processes are an implicit component of almost all of our subject offerings.
Evolutionary processes are generally teleonomic.
Evolutionary processes involve millions of years of genetic selection.
Evolutionary progress means the extinction of the less competent.
Evolutionary psychologists are interested in the psychology of cheating .
Evolutionary psychologists attempt to determine cross-cultural consistent behaviors.
Evolutionary psychologists believe that the brain, like the body, is a product of natural selection.
Evolutionary psychologists claim there is an underlying genetic reason.
Evolutionary psychologists disagree.
Evolutionary psychologists focus on psychological adaptations.
Evolutionary psychologists go further.
Evolutionary psychologists say it's wired in because it conferred reproductive advantages.
Evolutionary psychologists say that men want pretty, young and fertile women.
Evolutionary psychologists write about male aggression and survival of the fittest.
Some evolutionary psychologists point to natural selection during prehistory.
Evolutionary psychology adds another important chapter to consider.
Evolutionary psychology avoids some of the cruder reductionism of the older sociobiology.
Evolutionary psychology explains why humans are attracted to verbally skilled partners.
Evolutionary psychology is actually a branch of a radically new understanding of evolution itself.
Evolutionary psychology is also related to cognitive psychology and the cognitive sciences.
Evolutionary psychology is founded on several core premises.
Evolutionary psychology is founded upon recent advances in psychology and anthropology.
Evolutionary psychology is no exception.
Evolutionary psychology likes to talk about the 'psychic unity of humankind'.
Evolutionary psychology offers a theory of how the human mind came to be constructed.
Evolutionary psychology provides an alternative framework that is beginning to replace it.
Evolutionary psychology provides an alternative framework that is replacing the standard model.
Evolutionary psychology understands the mind in the context of it s biological origins.
Evolutionary psychology uses a biological approach to study human behavior.
Evolutionary publications are full of similar exercises in imagination.
Evolutionary rates vary widely over time, among species, and among traits.
Evolutionary relationships are more visible.
Evolutionary replacement requires no conscious thought.
Evolutionary researchers claim to have pinpointed the origin of intelligence.
Most evolutionary responses display a lack of understanding of the complexity of the genome.
Evolutionary robustness ensures dynamic stability for replicator dynamics in doubly symmetric games.
Evolutionary schools provide fertile ground for homosexuality.
Evolutionary science has no more right to the moral high ground than creationism.
Evolutionary science is an oxymoron.
Evolutionary science is economically and socially relevant.
Evolutionary science teaches that billions of years have gone by since time began.
Evolutionary scientists argue for a South American origination for all flying birds.
Evolutionary scientists claim that fossil fuels take millions of years to develop.
Evolutionary scientists expect very, very few fossils.
Some evolutionary scientists claim that humans' oldest living relative is the starfish.
Some evolutionary scientists claim that that kangaroos evolved from possums.
Some evolutionary scientists think that meat eating lead to our big brains .
Evolutionary selection involves two categories of events.
Evolutionary slots are narrow things.
Evolutionary success is a multiple choice test.
Evolutionary success is defined by the ability to pass ones genes on to the next generation.
Evolutionary success is reproductive success.
All evolutionary systems show deterministic chaos, i.e. available at the beginning of the system.
Evolutionary taxonomies represent a compromise of sorts between cladistics and phenetics.
Evolutionary teaching is one of the greatest hoaxes ever perpetrated.
Evolutionary teaching is rampant.
Evolutionary technologies are easy to predict BUT tend to be too little too late.
Evolutionary theorists hold different views on the workings of evolution compared to ethologists.
Evolutionary theorists reject the blank-paper theory for a related reason.
Evolutionary theories are a way of explaining the fact of evolution.
Evolutionary theories base on natural selections.
Evolutionary theories base on selections.
Evolutionary theories begin with certain assumptions that pertain to the long-ago historical past.
Evolutionary theory argues that all the organisms alive on Earth today share a common ancestor.
Evolutionary theory assumes that the universe is undesigned.
Evolutionary theory describes and defines the fact of evolution.
Evolutionary theory describes the descent with modification of species.
Evolutionary theory explains and describes the fact that evolution occured and occurs.
Evolutionary theory explains the past based on the assumption that the process is random.
Evolutionary theory has many powerful advocates who are fiercely committed to their point of view.
Evolutionary theory is a basic component of biological literacy.
Evolutionary theory is a myth.
Evolutionary theory is a very intellectually-powerful concept indeed.
Evolutionary theory is arguably the most thoroughly tested theory in science.
Evolutionary theory is central to modern biological science.
Evolutionary theory is dry and sterile.
Evolutionary theory is flawed because it is a lie.
Evolutionary theory is just that theory, but it is taught as fact.
Evolutionary theory is no mere adjunct to biology.
Evolutionary theory is supposed to undergird the whole exercise.
Evolutionary theory is the unifying theme of all biological sciences.
Evolutionary theory is truly childish.
Evolutionary theory is unfalsifiable and therefore nonscientific.
Evolutionary theory is unworkable.
Evolutionary theory lays the seeds for the destruction of civilization.
Evolutionary theory predicts late-life mortality plateaus.
Evolutionary theory predicts that everything alive uses the same chart.
Evolutionary theory proposes a history of life on the earth for which there is no human testimony.
Evolutionary theory requires change by random action alone.
Evolutionary theory requires that matter originally made itself out of nothing.
Evolutionary theory says that life occurred spontaneously, with no external agent.
Evolutionary theory seems to be developing in just such a way.
Evolutionary theory speaks of the natural selection of changes wrought by random mutations.
Evolutionary theory speaks to how living things have changed through time.
Evolutionary theory suffers from a similar problem.
Evolutionary theory teaches that plants and animals drop to the ground, die, and make fossils.
Evolutionary theory traces the ancestry of man through early hominids back to primates.
Most evolutionary theories base on natural selections.
Most evolutionary theories base on selections.
Some evolutionary theories explain origins.
Some evolutionary theories predict byproduct.
Some evolutionary theories relate to origins.
Evolutionary thinkers advance theories.
Most evolutionary thinkers advance theories.
Some evolutionary thinkers offer descriptions.
Evolutionary training leads to an atheistic way of thinking.
Evolutionary transitions affect functions.
Evolutionary transitions are highly predictable.
Evolutionary transitions leave signs in fossil records in terms of descent with modifications.
Evolutionary transitions take place as a species adapts toward a new equilibrium.
Most evolutionary transitions affect functions.
Evolutionary trees are useful for modeling the evolutionary history of species or genes.
Evolutionary trees are useful for modeling the evolutionary history of species.
An evolutionary trend is a trend
Some evolutionary trend is apparent.
An evolutionism is a scientific theory
Evolutionism has no moral sphere.
Evolutionism is a fairy tale for grown-ups.
Evolutionism is only a faith based religion.
Evolutionism is pan and parcel of pantheism and has been so from earliest antiquity.
Evolutionism is shown to be neither a theory nor an hypothesis but a dogma or doctrine.
Evolutionism is thus intrinsically an atheistic religion.
Evolutionism offers no scientific explanation for the cause or the process.
Evolutionism provides no believable explanation for such remarkable abilities.
An evolutionist is a believer
Evolutionist are understandably reluctant to do either.
Evolutionists adamantly preach the three premises above.
Evolutionists admit puzzlement about how the aardwolf is related to other creatures.
Evolutionists also pay no mind to the mind.
Evolutionists also present a standard.
Evolutionists appear to accept many things by faith without realizing it.
Evolutionists appear unwilling to address the findings of biochemistry and other related fields.
Evolutionists are also romantics and speculators.
Evolutionists are always fair and scientific.
Evolutionists are as biased toward naturalism as the creationists are toward supernaturalism.
Evolutionists are believers.
Evolutionists are both judge and jury.
Evolutionists are by faith agnostics and atheists.
Evolutionists are either atheists or believers.
Evolutionists are equally adept at doing the opposite.
Evolutionists are evil.
Evolutionists are here making a simple but fundamental error.
Evolutionists are master propagandists.
Evolutionists are no exception.
Evolutionists are religious in their faith in the miraculous power of nature to create life.
Evolutionists are usually pretty coy about predicting the future.
Evolutionists are very upset.
Evolutionists are victims.
Evolutionists ascribe ages to rocks.
Evolutionists attempt to distract the masses by creating an alternative to the origin of life.
Evolutionists begin by ASSuming that the earth is billions of years old.
Evolutionists believe cellular cooperation was essential for evolution of multicellular organisms.
Evolutionists believe each rock layer represents several million years.
Evolutionists believe Earth formed by gravitational accretion of smaller bodies.
Evolutionists believe science provides answers to the questions of the universe.
Evolutionists believe that all living things descended from a single common ancestor.
Evolutionists believe that animals change from one species to another.
Evolutionists believe that birds evolved from reptiles.
Evolutionists believe that canyons are formed by rivers over millions of years.
Evolutionists believe that cetaceans evolved from land mammals.
Evolutionists believe that complex beings are developed from simpler ones.
Evolutionists believe that genetic information somehow accumulates slowly over millions of years.
Evolutionists believe that intelligence is associated with brain size.
Evolutionists believe that men are attracted to the looks of the helpless and dependent.
Evolutionists believe that some time in the distant past, dead chemicals produced a living organism.
Evolutionists believe that the smaller horses evolved into the bigger ones.
Evolutionists believe they evolved from reptiles, maybe even a type of dinosaur.
Evolutionists believe they evolved from reptiles, maybe even some type of dinosaur.
Evolutionists call the fourth from the bottom geological age layer the Paleozoic Geological Age.
Evolutionists can explain the real world.
Evolutionists can point to only a few highly questionable examples.
Evolutionists can t be that impartial.
Evolutionists carry on an ongoing desperate search for evidences supporting evolution.
Evolutionists claim it supports their faith.
Evolutionists claim radioactive dating proves the Earth is old.
Evolutionists claim that different organisms have similar parts because they had a common origin.
Evolutionists claim that dinosaurs evolved over millions of years.
Evolutionists claim that evolution has no purposes.
Evolutionists claim that evolution is the uniting principle in biology.
Evolutionists claim that the paddles of the crossopterygians Evolved into legs.
Evolutionists claim that the platypus links birds and mammals.
Evolutionists claim that the theory of evolution has many advantages to a society.
Evolutionists claim that they show that baleen whales evolved from toothed whales.
Evolutionists claim that, The present is the key to the past.
Evolutionists claim their theory is scientific.
Evolutionists claim without proof that the human appendix is useless.
Evolutionists commonly suggest otherwise.
Evolutionists consider the coccyx or tail bone the remnant of our evolutionary ancestor's tail.
Evolutionists consistently lose when they debate creation scientists on purely scientific grounds.
Evolutionists continually repeat their mantra that evolution is science while creation is religion.
Evolutionists declare stickier toes reveal the path up the evolutionary tree.
Evolutionists declare that all the radioactive elements had to decay from the top of the chain.
Evolutionists declare that no man ever lived alongside dinosaurs.
Evolutionists declare that petrified wood is millions of year old, yet humans have worked with it.
Evolutionists deny that such a marriage between evolution and theism can exist.
Evolutionists do it.
Evolutionists even ignore certain animal species .
Evolutionists even ignore certain animal species.
Evolutionists face a similar contradiction with proteins preserved in dinosaur bones.
Evolutionists face the difficulty of explaining the beneficial effects of mutations.
Evolutionists find themselves in a most embarrassing position today.
Evolutionists generally agree that plants evolved from algae that slowly began to colonize the land.
Evolutionists generally believe in several ice ages tens of thousands of years ago.
Evolutionists habitually regard humans as just another species in the grand scheme of evolution.
Evolutionists have a most amazing faith.
Evolutionists have absolutely no evidence of what sharks and rays evolved from.
Evolutionists have good imaginations.
Evolutionists ignore it all.
Evolutionists ignore the fact that they rely on circular reasoning .
Evolutionists ignore the fact that they rely on circular reasoning.
Evolutionists insist that only they have the scientific truth.
Evolutionists like to talk over everybody's head so they appear to know something.
Evolutionists look on journalists as their lap dogs.
Evolutionists love time.
Evolutionists love to assume uniformitarian processes.
Evolutionists maintain that some invertebrate evolved into a fish.
Evolutionists make much of it.
Evolutionists never bother to ask the latter question.
Evolutionists note five major periods of mass extinction in the fossil record.
Evolutionists now think orphan genes are awesome.
Evolutionists object to the supernatural.
Evolutionists point out that sexual differentiation has both costs and benefits.
Evolutionists point to the dinosaurs as outstanding evidence of evolution.
Evolutionists postulate that flowers came from changes in leaves.
Evolutionists raise two objections.
Evolutionists readily admit that evolution occurs too slowly to be observed.
Evolutionists realize that the fossil record challenges the very notion of macro-evolution.
Evolutionists repeatedly assume their conclusions in attempting to prove their hypothesis.
Evolutionists respond that a runaway greenhouse effect has occurred on Venus.
Evolutionists say dinosaurs predated man by millions of years.
Evolutionists say it is the only way everything happens in the stars and on earth.
Evolutionists say man evolved by chance, without purpose.
Evolutionists say that evolution is a fact.
Evolutionists say that the DNA molecule originated by purely physical-chemical forces.
Evolutionists say that the earth has to be millions of years old because of the empirical evidence.
Evolutionists say that what they call the Cambrian rock is the oldest rock with fossils in it.
Evolutionists say that, given enough time, a few mutations, here and there, can produce new species.
Evolutionists say their position has never been stronger or more widely accepted.
Evolutionists say there are plenty of transition fossils, for example, the horse.
Evolutionists say there had to have been an oxygen-free atmosphere for life to have begun.
Evolutionists say, It s a lower life-form changing from fish, to primate, to human.
Evolutionists seem to think of creationists as religious nuts.
Evolutionists simply have no mechanism for evolution.
Evolutionists speak of evolution as still occurring.
Evolutionists speculate that life gradually evolved from mere hydrogen in a series of stages.
Evolutionists speculate that rock layers are associated with periods of time.
Evolutionists state that diversity proceeded from a single common ancestor.
Evolutionists still have control of academia.
Evolutionists study the forces that bring about changes in species.
Evolutionists teach that whales evolved from a land mammal.
Evolutionists theorize that homosexuality serves adaptation in terms of altruism and kin selection.
Evolutionists theorize that peat moss forms at the rate of one-fifth inch per century.
Evolutionists think so.
Evolutionists try to find likenesses between various types of creatures.
Evolutionists use placoderms and flatworms as examples of steps in the evolution of eyes.
Evolutionists use the fact that amphibians are here to prove that they evolved.
Evolutionists often claim that, given enough time, evolution was certain to happen.
Evolutionists usually point to the fossil record as their best evidence.
All evolutionists are atheists.
All evolutionists are religious fanatics.
All evolutionists recognize that, based on scientific observations, life comes only from life.
Many evolutionists already acknowledge the existence of irreducibly complex systems.
Many evolutionists already admit that there is no known natural cause for the origin of life.
Many evolutionists believe that cavemen evolved from apes thousands of years ago.
Many evolutionists commit the fallacy of ignoratio elenchi.
Many evolutionists depict creation as a purely religious view.
Many evolutionists ignore the first six assumptions and consider only the seventh.
Many evolutionists regard the Bible as myth and allegory.
Many evolutionists theorize that dinosaurs evolved into modern birds.
Most evolutionists accept that creatures like the peacock have added beauty.
Most evolutionists agree.
Most evolutionists realize that there is a strong element of faith in their scientific views.
Most evolutionists say that various changes inside the nucleus of the cell play their part.
Some evolutionists claim that snakes came out of the sea, from something like a mosasaur.
Some evolutionists claim that the peacock tail gives a camouflage advantage.
Some evolutionists even try to explain rape as a consequence of evolution.
Some evolutionists still stake their hopes on the potential of a few beneficial mutations.
Some evolutionists think the time is ripe for promoting aquatic apes as the real key.
Evolutive manifestations are deviations of ontogenesis which didn t achieve a pathologic form.
Evolvable protocols start out weak and improve exponentially.
Evolved companies obtain deep insights from conversations at the customer interface.
Evolved mechanisms are largely physiological.
Evolved people are always gentle, light souls.
Evolved twos can be genuine care takers without regards to their own needs.
An ewe is sheep
EWe collect broken glass bottles.
EWe have grapevines on the roof.
EWe keep a good relationship with the community.
EWe view rushes.
Ewes are humans.
Ewes are sheep.
Ewes begin cycling in the fall when the day length becomes shorter.
Ewes carrying twins or triplets require even more feed.
Ewes have excellent mothering abilities and keep good track of their lambs.
Ewes have good mothering instincts and milk production.
Ewes have natural mothering instincts with good milk production.
Ewes live together in groups throughout the year.
Ewes provide many lambs through their productive years.
Ewes tend to be more expensive than wethers.
Ewes tend to be stressed during the last third of their pregnancy and while nursing lambs.
Ewes tend to come into heat one at a time.
Ewes vary in the quantity and quality of colostrum they produce.
All ewes are subordinate to even young rams with bigger horns.
Most ewes are 'cycling' when the entire rams are joined.
Most ewes breed every year, some even twice.
Most Ewes seem doubtful they have much to offer American blacks.
Some ewes are easier to fool than others.
Some ewes die of complications such as infected uteri, fetal retentions or peritonitis.
Some ewes then have a short oestrous cycle and ovulate six days later.
Ewenki life is one of isolation.
An ewer is a vessel
Ewers directs the board's communications and public relations programs.
EWG status is primarily self-regulating.
Ex boyfriend alleges inability to find work because of similarities with main character.
An ex is a man
Ex cop cars from Ontario.
Ex dock, pier, or warehouse, port of importation.
EXEs are small, but still slow, and they require a large runtime library.
Exes crawls travel -oriented sites that are submitted to it.
Exes travel Travel sites submit their entries here for easy searching.
Exes uses a combination approach.
Exs are software.
An exabyte is an unit
Exabyte are the other contenders.
Exabyte automates a number of different technologies.
Exabyte develops and manufactures tape drives.
Exabyte drives under linux.
Exabyte offers extended warranty coverage.
An exacerbation is intensification
Exacerbation is defined by increased symptoms resulting from everyday activities.
Exacerbation produces more sputum, which changes in color and slight fever and some dyspnea.
Exacerbations happen totally at random .
Exact achievement is what is assumed.
Exact activities vary to meet the specific needs and interests of students.
Exact addresses appear following the items.
Exact amount depends on the pigment's covering power.
Exact amounts are unclear.
Exact amounts are unimportant since one always seems to want more garlic and more basil.
Exact appearance dates still to be confirmed.
Exact arithmetic is a new technique for getting arbitrary precison results to numeric computations.
Exact arrangements vary from practice to practice.
Exact assignment is dependent upon departmental needs.
Exact assignments vary with instructor.
Exact availability varies per street.
Exact bag stops for every coin denomination.
Exact behavior depends on current major mode.
Exact benefits are dependent upon specific loan terms.
Exact benefits can vary based on location.
Exact cash is needed in order to purchase a permit.
Exact cause is essentially unknown.
Exact cause is unknown.
Exact causes are still unknown.
Exact cayes are dependent on weather, wind and water conditions, plus the preferences of our client.
Exact change Have exact fare, ticket or transfer ready when boarding.
Exact change is appreciated and cash is preferred.
Exact change is appreciated.
Exact change is best.
Exact change is inserted into the farebox.
Exact change is necessary.
Exact change is needed for payments made in cash.
Exact change is needed to purchase cards.
Exact change is needed.
Exact change is one last thing to worry about.
Exact change is preferred.
Exact change is recommended when traveling on public transport.
Exact change is required at boarding.
Exact change is required for all fares.
Exact change is required for cash fare travel on all modes of transport except the cable cars.
Exact change is required for individual trips.
Exact change is required for payments made in cash.
Exact change is required for the payment of fines.
Exact change is required for the payment on the bus or for the purchase of a single ticket.
Exact change is required on all buses.
Exact change is required on all fare buses.
Exact change is required on bus for all purchases.
Exact change is required on buses.
Exact change is required to buy stamps.
Exact change is required to ride the bus.
Exact change is required to use the self-serve ticket machines.
Exact change is required when boarding.
Exact change is required when purchasing a fare.
Exact change is required, but there are change machines by the driver.
Exact change is required, transfers are free.
Exact change is required.
Exact characteristics require knowledge of specific constituents.
Exact charges vary depending upon the language and length of the document.
Exact citations vary between particular types of print sources.
Exact coloration is very dependent on light and temperature.
Exact comparisons remain difficult, however.
Exact complexity bounds for ordinal addition.
Exact computations are inappropriate here because they are too slow.
Exact computations use integer types, which denote sets of consecutive integers.
Exact content varies.
Exact copy means exact copy.
Exact cost is calculated at time of order.
Exact cost is yet to be determined.
Exact costs depend on a number of variables, including the degree program chosen.
Exact costs depend on sludge characteristics, and the type of pretreatment it receives.
Exact costs depend on the number of participants.
Exact costs vary depending on the equipment needed and installation complexities.
Exact costs vary, depending on the value of the property and other factors.
Exact count is kept of the total number of records.
Exact counts are available only after an order is processed.
Exact course is a secret until closer to race date.
Exact coverage is subject to terms, conditions, and exclusions of policies issued.
Exact coverage varies between newspapers.
Exact coverage varies by country.
Exact curriculum is subject to change depending upon the skills and wishes of the students.
Exact date is conjecture.
Exact date is unknown.
Exact dates are at the discretion of Sponsor.
Exact dates are available closer to the time of departure.
Exact dates are available the semester before departure.
Exact dates are available the semester prior to departure.
Exact dates are available the semester prior to the program.
Exact dates are detailed in the university academic calendar .
Exact dates are hard to come by and there are gaps.
Exact dates are negotiable.
Exact dates are on the back of the lunch menu, and on the marquee at the student drop-off area.
Exact dates are uncertain.
Exact dates are usually available the previous summer.
Exact dates are yet to be determined.
Exact dates can be flexible.
Exact dates change annually.
Exact dates change slightly from year to year.
Exact dates depend on mid-semester review schedule.
Exact dates depend on when and where the surf's up.
Exact dates differ slightly from one catagory to the other.
Exact dates have yet to be set.
Exact dates remain to be determined at a later date.
Exact dates vary according to specific game and hunting area licenses.
Exact dates vary between each education authority.
Exact dates vary from year to year so check with the hotel for the exact details.
Exact dates vary from year to year.
Exact data is specified in bold type.
Exact day is undecided.
Exact definitions vary from policy to policy.
Exact delivery is based on method of shipment.
Exact details are available in the Experian software certification manual.
Exact details are hard to pin down.
Exact details are still open.
Exact details are unknown at the moment.
Exact details depend on the soundcard being used.
Exact details follow.
Exact details have yet to be decided.
Exact details regarding the timing of the application for listing have yet to be determined.
Exact details regarding their operation is provided on selection page.
Exact diagnoses depend on identification.
Exact diagnosis is the privilege of descendants rather than contemporaries.
Most exact diagnoses depend on identification.
Exact directions depend on the telnet client.
Exact dosage is determined by a doctor and is based on body size.
Exact equality is no prerequisite of equal protection of the laws under that amendment.
Exact estimates are difficult because of the high frequency of asymptomatic excretion.
Exact etiology is unknown but several triggers have been identified.
Exact etiology is unknown.
Exact exchange is calculated by the credit card company upon purchase authorisation.
Exact fare is appreciated.
Exact fare is needed.
Exact fare is requested.
Exact fare is required .
Exact fare is required and there are no reduced fares on Access Link.
Exact fare is required for cash fares.
Exact fare is required on boarding the bus .
Exact fare is required since there is no bus conductor.
Exact fare is required when boarding.
Exact fare is required.
Exact fares mean that passengers can board quicker - and be on their journey sooner.
Exact fees are determined for each specific program.
Exact fees vary by counties.
Exact figures are available in the larger report posted on our Web sites.
Exact figures are hard to come by.
Exact figures are impossible to calculate.
Exact figures are unknown because it is a self-limited disorder.
Exact figures are unknown because of widespread unofficial religious activity.
Exact figures vary between analysts and research institutes.
Exact fish cooks broil the moment.
Exact flavour depends on brand.
Exact format varies by state.
Exact formats vary.
Exact formulae vary, but the spice is mainly a mix of peppercorns, salt, coriander and other things.
Exact formulation is proprietary.
Exact functionality depends on the browser in use.
Exact geography varies with the specific product.
Exact hours are at the discretion of the line manager.
Exact hours are open to discussion.
Exact hours depend on student needs at each campus.
Exact hours vary from week to week and are posted on the web as well as outside the lab.
Exact hours vary, and are posted each trimester.
Exact implementation is decoder dependent.
Exact implementation is still up in the air.
Exact information is available on request.
More exact information is available, based on a measurement called footcandles.
Exact instructions are available on line.
Exact integration leads to unconditional stability and excellent accuracy.
Exact itinerary is subject to change to take greatest advantage of weather and wildlife conditions.
Exact joins are difficult owing to edge distortions.
Exact location depends on the number or registrants.
Exact location has to be determined finally by archeological digs.
Exact location is important for a perfect alignment with the front panel.
Exact location is unknown for Wisconsin.
Exact location is unknown.
Exact locations are available on our web site.
Exact locations are to be found in the Online Catalog.
Exact match includes exact punctuation.
Exact match means exactly that.
Exact matches are give priority over abbreviated matches.
Exact matches occur where name details are the same.
Exact meaning depends on the circumstances.
Exact meaning depends on the tool.
Exact measurements are available upon request.
Exact measurements require a swing and precise knowledge of the position of the center of gravity.
Exact mechanism is unknown.
Exact mechanisms leading to ice sheet accumulation are still uncertain.
Exact methods can vary, with some macro viruses only infecting currently open documents.
Exact motives are unclear.
Exact navigation requires human intervention.
More exact nouns pull in the readers better than adverbs.
Exact number produced is unknown.
Exact numbers are difficult to come by.
Exact numbers are difficult to obtain due to the current security problems.
Exact numbers are hard to come by when talking about distance learning.
Exact numbers are important.
Exact numbers are unknown.
Exact numbers have an infinite number of sig.
Exact numbers have an infinite number of significant digits.
Exact numbers have an infinite number of significant figures.
Exact numbers have an unlimited significant figures.
Exact numbers vary per platform, but, in general, objects are small, and softlinks smaller still.
Exact origin is uncertain.
Exact origin is unknown, although it is believed to be indigenous to India.
Exact pace depends upon the progess of the group.
Exact packages can vary from center to center.
Exact pathogenesis is unknown.
Exact performance is far more complex.
Exact phrase Enter key term in box.
Exact placement is conjecture.
Exact plans are still in the discussion stages.
Exact plans have yet to be made.
Exact points assigned to each project are subject to modification.
Exact policy varies by publisher.
Exact position is vital.
Exact postage is billed with order.
Exact presentations are everything.
Exact price depends on number of guests, length of stay and time of year.
Exact price is known in advance.
Exact prices are available at the individual testing laboratories.
Exact prices vary by date and number of guests.
Exact pricing becomes more difficult to pin down as services become more sophisticated.
Exact pricing depends on a customer's unique solution.
Exact pricing depends on customer deployment.
Exact pricing depends on demand and quantity at a given time.
Exact pricing depends on exact options and number of valves controlled.
Exact pricing is dependent on software configuration and quantities.
Exact pricing is yet to be determined.
Exact punctuation is required.
Exact quantities are difficult to achieve.
All exact quotations recorded during the two day session appear in green .
Exact rates charged are subject to the age of the child.
Exact rates depend on housing costs, room style, and meal plan.
Exact rates depend on room style and meal plan.
Exact rates depend upon season, length of stay and number of guests .
Exact reach is recorded as a zero.
Exact readings take the guesswork out of monitoring processes or refrigeration.
Exact reconstruction seems out of reach.
Exact registration is subject to availability of courses on site.
Exact registration is subject to availability of courses on-site.
Exact repetition is very difficult because every stroke is individual.
Exact reproductions bring users closer to the original document than text-only products.
Exact requirements depend on conditions.
Exact requirements vary for each incentive.
Exact requirements vary from school to school.
Exact requirements vary, based on the student s previous course work and parish experience.
Exact requirements vary, based on the student's previous course work and parish experience.
Most exact requirements depend on conditions.
Exact risks are unknown but very low.
Exact schedule is subject to change.
Exact schedule varies from year to year.
Exact schedules are still in the process of being confirmed.
All exact science is dominated by the idea of approximation.
Exact scores are long since forgotten.
Exact search is especially effective for finding one-word periodical titles.
Exact search Matches the sanskrit word exactly as given.
Exact searches are dramatically faster.
Exact size is partly a function of the user.
Exact sizes are available on request.
Exact solutions are possible only in very special circumstances.
Exact specifications are dependent upon the engineered permeability of the system.
Exact specifications vary by jurisdiction.
Exact specifications vary depending upon the options ordered.
Exact speed depends on image resolution and size, but it is usually less than a page per minute.
Exact spelling is important.
Exact spelling is required.
Exact statements have yet to be approved by the agency.
Exact symptoms depend on the type of condition present.
Exact syntax is shown in the examples below.
Exact tests are an important tool in bio-medical statistics, regarding the small sample sizes.
Exact thoughts require precise words.
Exact time is still pending.
Exact time is still to be decided.
Exact time is yet to be determined.
Exact times are still to be anounced.
Exact times are subject to change.
Exact times vary from one virtual host to another, in order to distribute the processing load.
Exact times vary slightly.
Exact timing depends on geographic location.
Exact timing depends on vehicle availability.
Exact timing is dependent on the time of the year.
Exact titration exists from reconstitution, and the dose is predetermined by the fill volume.
Exact tolerances vary with coverages, as does the date of the processing and testing.
Exact topic varies with instructor.
Exact topics depend on availability of speakers.
Exact topics vary as technologies evolve.
Exact track depends on mass.
Exact transmittance is a function of thickness and purity.
Exact treatment is dependent upon what sort of symptoms are present and how severe they are.
Exact tuition is listed with each course.
Exact use is unknown.
An exacta is a wager
Exacta guarantees customer satisfaction.
Exacta Pick the horses that come in first and second in a race in order.
Exaction is demand
Exactions are tricky to negotiate successfully.
Exactness isa accuracy.
Exaggerated claims are an integral part of today's high-tech economy.
Exaggerated claims can lead to customer mistrust.
Exaggerated claims seem to be the rule in the marketing world.
Exaggerated claims tend to fall quickly by the wayside.
Exaggerated claims threaten to undermine the funding and climate of basic research.
Exaggerated costs are also a feature of many of the projects.
Exaggerated curves are bad.
Exaggerated dangers lead to exaggerated responses.
Exaggerated expression enhances comprehension.
Exaggerated expressions are but the characteristics of the author's genius.
Exaggerated fear constitutes stress and therefore a great loss of energy.
Exaggerated guesses lead into the reading of the story.
Exaggerated heterosexuality is intrinsic to the theme.
Exaggerated injuries are probably the most difficult to prove.
Exaggerated margins give papers an awkward appearance.
Exaggerated materialism tends to erode social trust.
Exaggerated pencil sketches that add humor and heighten interest appear on every two-page spread.
Exaggerated persistence happens too.
Exaggerated ridges interfere with normal chewing and jaw motion front to back.
Exaggerated sensitiveness is an expression of the feeling of inferiority.
Exaggerated threats are common also.
An exaggeration is an image
Exaggeration can be fun.
Exaggeration can be useful in accentuating processes being mapped.
Exaggeration can distort lip movements.
Exaggeration drives that point home.
Exaggeration indulged in becomes a habit.
Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.
Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatment.
Exaggeration is a billion times worse that understatement.
Exaggeration is a billion times worse.
Exaggeration is a billion.
Exaggeration is a billions times worse than understatement.
Exaggeration is a million times worse than understatement.
Exaggeration is a no-win game.
Exaggeration is a repetitive technique.
Exaggeration is a trillion times worse than understatement.
Exaggeration is an essential skill in a comic book artists palette of techniques.
Exaggeration is another common occurrence.
Exaggeration is billions of times worse than understatement.
Exaggeration is dangerous to believability and engagement.
Exaggeration is extreme and vulgarity is maximized.
Exaggeration is hereafter impossible.
Exaggeration is impossible.
Exaggeration is merely a flight of poetic fancy.
Exaggeration is nothing new.
Exaggeration is one.
Exaggeration is part of that tradition.
Exaggeration is really funny.
Exaggeration is the beginning of invention.
Exaggeration is the heart of satire.
Exaggeration is used as a method for overcoming the fear.
Exaggeration never works, keep things subtle.
Exaggeration only defaces a company's image.
Exaggeration sounds like good leadership.
Exaggeration weakens an argument, instead of strengthening it.
Exaggerations are completely acceptable.
Exaggerations are increases.
Exaggerations are misrepresentation.
All exaggerations are dangerous.
All exaggerations are weak and ineffectual in describing the event.
Some exalbuminous seeds are bean, pea, oak, walnut, squash, sunflower, and radish.
An exaltation is worship
Exaltation is the greatest of all the gifts and attainments possible.
Some exam boards demand the cutting and pasting of a graph into a word processed document.
Exam preparation begins from day one of the course.
Exam preparation requires both experience and practice with Cisco equipment.
Exam preparation starts with a careful reading of the course materials.
Exam results are a narrow measure of success.
Exam results are available at the completion of the exam.
Exam results are available the following business day.
Exam results are confidential.
Exam results are obviously of great importance to the students concerned.
Exam results are up again.
Exam results are valid for one year.
Exam stress impairs the function of natural killer cells in humans.
Exam stress shows up in many students as an acne outbreak, cold sores or colds.
Exam time is as stressful for parents as it is for children.
Exam time is determined by the courses start time and days.
Exam time is determined by the hours scheduled for the lecture portion of any course.
Exam time is no time for a starvation diet.
Exam time is provided.
Exam time is soon.
Exam time is usually a time for anxiety and nervousness.
Exam time looms.
Exam times are by appointment only.
An exam is communication
Exam Answer each of the following equally weighted questions.
Exam are successful on their second try.
Exam based on class lectures and papers read in class.
Exam Bring a blue book.
Exam can show nuchal rigidity, fever, and cranial neuropathies.
Exam Check the schedule for day and time.
Exam consists of essay questions.
Exam covers entire course including labs.
Exam covers Lects.
Exam covers the topics listed below.
Exam covers the whole course.
Exam dates given in the outline are tentative.
Exam dates on the attached schedule are tentative.
Exam dates to be announced.
Exam dates to be determined.
Exam demonstrates a chile who is modestly febrile.
Exam files a file of past exams is maintained for engineering and engineering related courses.
Exam follows in the afternoon.
Exam goes to computer-based testing, nationwide.
Exam grades Links to web sites that pertain to topics discussed.
Exam grades Percentage scores and letter grades.
Exam Grading Each problem on an exam is worth a certain number of points.
Exam is a performance-based practical exam.
Exam is adaptive.
Exam is closed book.
Exam is completed following instructions on test cover sheet.
Exam is completed in two to four hours.
Exam is comprehensive.
Exam is currently on hold.
Exam is done at an accredited mammography facility.
Exam is due during the time scheduled for the class's final exam.
Exam is eight hours on entire program.
Exam is essay in format.
Exam is first part of two-part land surveyor examination.
Exam is given by the two minor faculty members selected for the student's graduate committee.
Exam is given once a month.
Exam is given under the College Honor Code .
Exam is highlighted when sample questions have been posted.
Exam is in .
Exam is included.
Exam is individual, other work in groups of three.
Exam is instructor developed with item analyses supplied by testing center.
Exam is offered once a year.
Exam is open book, notes, problem sets.
Exam is open book, open notes.
Exam is positive only for a small cataract in the left eye and a palpable firm thyroid.
Exam is required.
Exam is three hours in length.
Exam is Tue.
Exam is unremarkable.
Exam is very difficult but there is never any associated conjunctivitis.
Exam is where most practitioners miss the diagnosis.
Exam is written in learning experience format.
Exam isa communication.
Exam links Module codes .
Exam make-up is permitted only in cases of excused absence or prior arrangement with the instructor.
Exam needs to be improved to better reflect material taught in sequential courses and productions.
Exam only covers pp.
Exam provides a high school equivalency diploma.
Exam Read the profile for the examination arrangements.
Exam results Confidential online results service for undergraduates.
Exam results The picture which is emerging appears to be different from that in other countries.
Exam reveals a left leg swollen twice the size of the right.
Exam reveals a swollen left knee.
Exam reveals distant breath sounds bilaterally.
Exam reveals increased jaundice and splenomegaly.
Exam reveals normal bowel sounds, epigastric tenderness, and guaiac positive stools with bleeding.
Exam shows a unilateral serous otitis.
Exam shows broad-based ataxic gait and horizontal and rotatory nystagmus.
Exam shows middle ear effusion bilaterally.
Exam shows scapular winging, symmetric weakness in the biceps and triceps, and elbow contractures.
Exam starts at the regular class hour.
EXAM Taking any test can be stressful on any student.
Exam uses a special algorithm, which selects words from the whole dictionaries.
Exams account for less than half of the grade.
Exams Allow the student to complete the exam.
Exams also affect the way students work.
Exams are a challenge for instructors.
Exams are a combination of matching, short answer and diagrammatic question.
Exams are a combination of multiple choice and short answers questions.
Exams are a combination of multiple choice, matching, and short answer essay.
Exams are a combination of multiple choice, short answer and design exercises.
Exams are a combination of multiple-choice and essay questions.
Exams are a combination of multiple-choice problems, short answer, design projects, and coding.
Exams are a combination of multiples choice questions and problems.
Exams are a combination of objective, short answer and essay questions.
Exams are a combination of short answer and programming exercises.
Exams are a combination of short-answer, essay, problems, and objective questions.
Exams are a different combination each year of stored questions and new ones.
Exams are a mix of essay, definition, and multiple-choice questions.
Exams are a mix of multiple choice, fill in, and short essay questions.
Exams are a mixture of multiples choice and short answer.
Exams are a part of life.
Exams are a very special form of testing, used generally to certify competence.
Exams are accumulative.
Exams are almost entirely oral.
Exams are almost here.
Exams are almost over.
Exams are also available electronically and can be viewed by law students via the Web.
Exams are also available on the Internet.
Exams are also open book.
Exams are also open-book.
Exams are always closed book, closed notes.
Exams are an hour long.
Exams are an important learning tool.
Exams are an important part of the semester grade.
Exams are around the corner.
Exams are artificial situations.
Exams are as indicated in the syllabus.
Exams are as scheduled unless otherwise notified.
Exams are at the end of each semester and usually take place during working hours.
Exams are available after the first week of each semester.
Exams are available in Spanish and assistance is provided to individuals with special needs.
Exams are available on a nonmonitored or monitored basis, depending on state requirements.
Exams are available on an appointment basis only.
Exams are both product oriented and objective question and answer.
Exams are by appointment only.
Exams are by request only.
Exams are close book and close notes.
Exams are closed book .
Exams are closed book and a medical emergency is about the only excuse for a make-up exam.
Exams are closed book and closed note.
Exams are closed book and closed notes .
Exams are closed book and closed notes.
Exams are closed book and individual.
Exams are closed book and notes, calculators maybe restricted as well.
Exams are closed book and notes.
Exams are closed book but allow one sheet of notes .
Exams are closed book closed notes.
Exams are closed book unless specifically noted.
Exams are closed book, closed notes, with calculator recommended.
Exams are closed book, closed notes.
Exams are closed book.
Exams are closed note and closed book.
Exams are closed-book .
Exams are closed-book.
Exams are combinations of multiple choice, matching, and short essay.
Exams are common and given in the evenings.
Exams are comprehensive .
Exams are comprehensive but uninspiring.
Exams are comprehensive, covering lectures, student presentations, and reading materials.
Exams are comprehensive, emphasizing concepts and terminology.
Exams are conceptually cumulative.
Exams are cumulative and include both an objective and an essay portion.
Exams are cumulative and occur at the end of each course.
Exams are cumulative as the material requires.
Exams are cumulative for the semester.
Exams are cumulative, but emphasize material covered since previous exam.
Exams are cumulative, particularly the comprehensive final.
Exams are cumulative.
Exams are currently available in English.
Exams are due as listed in the course schedule.
Exams are due at noon on the due date listed on the syllabus.
Exams are due at the beginning of the next class meeting.
Exams are due back to the instructor upon course completion.
Exams are due on the date specified unless modified by the class and instructor.
Exams are essay and multiple choice.
Exams are essay format.
Exams are essay in format.
Exams are essay mini-papers.
Exams are essay style.
Exams are essay type.
Exams are essay, and the final is comprehensive.
Exams are essay, and the reading load is heavy.
Exams are essay, quizes are multiple choice.
Exams are essay.
Exams are essays.
Exams are essential for propelling all schools toward greater achievement for all students.
Exams are FREE and offer tremendous value to the end consumer.
Exams are free for women who qualify.
Exams are frequent.
Exams are generally problem-solving or short answer involving critical analysis of information.
Exams are generally short answer-short essay.
Exams are given are various meetings during the year.
Exams are graded and count for a substantial portion of each student's course grade.
Exams are graded and faxed back to the student.
Exams are graded and in return box.
Exams are horrible things, they really interfere with useful stuff.
Exams are important.
Exams are in class and closed-book.
Exams are in class and include both individual and group participation.
Exams are in essay form.
Exams are in multiple choice format .
Exams are in place in the United States, Canada, and Australia.
Exams are in-class and closed book.
Exams are in-class essay exams.
Exams are just a small part of the problems arising out of the strike.
Exams are just around the corner.
Exams are largely essay.
Exams are largely objective.
Exams are likely to be just one of the assessment methods.
Exams are likely to be open note and open book exams.
Exams are machine graded and usually returned during lab periods.
Exams are mainly multiple choice and matching.
Exams are more important in basic courses.
Exams are mostly objective with some problems and short essay questions.
Exams are much more demanding.
Exams are multi-choice and short answer.
Exams are multiple choice and based on both reading assignments and lecture material.
Exams are multiple choice and matching questions.
Exams are multiple choice and short answer application.
Exams are multiple choice format and based solely on required course readings.
Exams are multiple choice format.
Exams are multiple choice, and include map questions and other visual materials.
Exams are multiple choice, short answer and essay.
Exams are multiple choice, short answer, and essay.
Exams are multiple choice.
Exams are necessary to measure a student's understanding of the course material.
Exams are never to be removed from the classroom.
Exams are no longer fact tests.
Exams are non-comprehensive and equally weighted.
Exams are non-cumulative.
Exams are normally a combination of multiple choice, short answer and essay questions.
Exams are normally graded and returned the same day received by first-class mail.
Exams are objective and essay questions.
Exams are objective, multiple choice.
Exams are objective.
Exams are of a multiple-choice format, primarily.
Exams are often closed book.
Exams are often culturally-biased.
Exams are often the most perplexing part of a course to students.
Exams are on at the moment.
Exams are on Thursdays and cover the assigned readings as well as lecture material.
Exams are only a convenient measuring device.
Exams are only available only during the semester the course is offered.
Exams are open book and include both multiple choice and short-answer questions.
Exams are open book and open notes.
Exams are open book and, therefore, all questions are problems.
Exams are open book and, therefore, all questions involve some thinking.
Exams are open book closed notes, etc.
Exams are open book, open note, and time limits are strictly enforced.
Exams are open book, open note, closed technology.
Exams are open book, open notes.
Exams are open book, open technology, open notes.
Exams are open book.
Exams are open books and open notes.
Exams are open books, open notes.
Exams are open to internal and external candidates.
Exams are open-book and in essay form .
Exams are open-book and in essay format.
Exams are open-book, and calculators are permitted.
Exams are optional, but helpful.
Exams are oral in general .
Exams are over study guides, lectures, and textbook material.
Exams are over.
Exams are partially cumulative.
Exams are partly in essay format, and there is an objective section, as well.
Exams are partly objective and partly short answer essay.
Exams are practical in nature and emphasize function as well as identity of anatomical features.
Exams are primarily discussion type questions.
Exams are primarily essay in nature with some short answer questions.
Exams are problems and essays.
Exams are reasonable in difficulty.
Exams are reasonable in length.
Exams are representative of the course material.
Exams are semi-cumulative with an emphasis on new material.
Exams are short answer and essay questions and involve analyses of conversational segments.
Exams are short answer and essay.
Exams are short answer and multiple choice format.
Exams are short answer and multiple-choice.
Exams are short answer essay or simple problems.
Exams are short answer.
Exams are short essay questions and case study analysis.
Exams are short essay.
Exams are shorter or are interrupted so doctors can sign forms and answer insurance questions.
Exams are similar to the workbook exercises.
Exams are straight forward without any tricks.
Exams are stressful and drain energy.
Exams are subject to change.
Exams are take-home and also involve some lab work.
Exams are take-home.
Exams are the evening of the last class meeting.
Exams are the following week.
Exams are the only way to evaluate the dentist's abilities.
Exams are the primary tool used for evaluating students' performance.
Exams are three hours and are cumulative.
Exams are three hours in length.
Exams are to be an individual effort.
Exams are to be completed at the scheduled time.
Exams are to be completed by the date listed on the course schedule of classes.
Exams are to be completed independently.
Exams are to be completed individually.
Exams are to be done individually .
Exams are to be done individually.
Exams are to be given and taken when scheduled.
Exams are to be returned via e-mail attachment.
Exams are to be solely the work of the student.
Exams are to be taken at scheduled times.
Exams are to be taken at the regularly scheduled time.
Exams are to be taken at the scheduled time.
Exams are to be taken at the scheduled times.
Exams are to be taken by the assigned date.
Exams are to be taken during the announced class time.
Exams are to be taken during the class period on the scheduled dates.
Exams are to be taken in designated classrooms.
Exams are to be taken in ink, no pencils .
Exams are to be taken in ink, no pencils.
Exams are to be taken in the designated classrooms.
Exams are to be taken on designated days and at designated times.
Exams are to be taken on scheduled dates.
Exams are to be taken on the dates announced.
Exams are to be taken on the day assigned.
Exams are to be taken on the day scheduled during the class or lab session.
Exams are to be taken on the day scheduled.
Exams are to be taken on the days they are scheduled.
Exams are to be taken on the scheduled date.
Exams are to be taken only on the days they are scheduled.
Exams are to be taken the day they are scheduled.
Exams are to be taken when scheduled .
Exams are to be taken when scheduled and paper assignments completed when due.
Exams are to be taken when scheduled unless arrangements are made at least one week in advance.
Exams are to be taken when scheduled.
Exams are to be three to five typed, double-spaced pages with one inch margins.
Exams are to be worked alone .
Exams are to be written in a location close to the student's home.
Exams are to taken in ink, no pencils.
Exams are too difficult.
Exams are too lengthy for amount of time given.
Exams are two hours long.
Exams are typically closed book , closed notes and closed neighbor.
Exams are typically closed book and closed notes.
Exams are typically essay.
Exams are typically in a short answer format.
Exams are typically multiple choice with the occasional subjective question when necessary.
Exams are typically multiple choice, fill-ins and short answer.
Exams are typically on an interval schedule, for example.
Exams are unavoidable for most part of life.
Exams are usually open book.
Exams are usually the most difficult part of the course.
Exams are valid for one year from the date of the exam .
Exams are very hard.
Exams are way too long.
Exams assess mastery of the psychological material.
Exams assume knowledge of both lectures and reading material.
Exams be short answer questions based on review sheets which are distributed during each unit.
Exams begin after all students are seated in the exam room and have received a copy of the test.
Exams begin at the start of class.
Exams begin in about a week.
Exams begin promptly at the scheduled class time.
Exams begin promptly.
Exams bring tension and require a high level of energy.
Exams can be adaptive with simulations as well as form-based.
Exams can be in speaking English or reading and writing.
Exams can be of state , local or university level .
Exams can be of state, local or university level.
Exams can be open book, closed book or both.
Exams can be password protected and selectively released.
Exams can consist of multiple choice, short answer, and essay questions.
Exams can contain multiple choice, fill-in, or essay type questions.
Exams can include a complete physical, x-rays and other diagnostic procedures.
Exams can include mathematical problems or specifications.
Exams certainly are strange times.
Exams come from the readings and from the lectures.
Exams come from the readings, lecture, and class discussion.
Exams consist of both a written and a practical component.
Exams consist of both multiple choice and calculation problems similar to the homework assignments.
Exams consist of definitions and short-answer questions.
Exams consist of identifications, comparisons and short essay questions on given topics.
Exams consist of identifications, short answers, and an essay.
Exams consist of multiple choice and short answer questions.
Exams consist of multiple choice and true and false questions.
Exams consist of multiple choice and true false questions.
Exams consist of multiple choice and true-false questions.
Exams consist of multiple choice questions and short problems.
Exams consist of multiple choice questions.
Exams consist of multiple choice, short answer, and short essay questions.
Exams consist of multiple-choice questions, essay and numerical problems.
Exams consist of problems and essay questions.
Exams consist of problems, short answer and essay questions.
Exams consist of randomly generated questions arranged according to teacher specifications.
Exams consist of short answer and essay questions.
Exams consist of short answer, multiple choice and essay questions.
Exams consist of short answers and essays.
Exams consist of short answers, numerical problems, and other types of applications.
Exams consist of short essay and objective questions.
Exams consist of short identification, short answer and essay type questions.
Exams consist of short-answer identification and essay questions.
Exams consist of two parts.
Exams consist primarily of short answer questions.
Exams contain both objective and essay questions.
Exams contain cases and essay questions.
Exams continue next week.
Exams contribute to the total grade according to the grading chart given above.
Exams correspond to each of the four courses.
Exams count for half of semester grade.
Exams count heavy in course grading.
Exams cover a reasonable amount of material.
Exams cover all aspects of the course and are cumulative.
Exams cover assigned readings plus material introduced in class.
Exams cover both class discussions and assigned readings.
Exams cover both lecture and reading material.
Exams cover both lecture and text material.
Exams cover both lectures and readings, which only somewhat overlap.
Exams cover both types of materials.
Exams cover each textbook unit.
Exams cover information in the readings, commentary, self-study exercises, and written assignments.
Exams cover information presented in each , emphasizing the overlap.
Exams cover lecture notes, assigned reading and problems from the text, and material from the lab.
Exams cover lecture notes, assigned reading, problems from the text, and material from the lab.
Exams cover lectures, video programs, the study guide and the textbook.
Exams cover material covered in class and in the textbook.
Exams cover material from the assigned readings as well as from class lectures.
Exams cover material from the main textbook plus material presented in class.
Exams cover material from the reading assignments and class discussions.
Exams cover material from the reading assignments, lectures, and lab projects.
Exams cover material from the test as well as computer lab assignment.
Exams cover material from the text as well as laboratory activities.
Exams cover material from the text, problems and lectures.
Exams cover material from the text.
Exams cover material given since the last exam.
Exams cover material in lecture and in the text.
Exams cover material presented in class.
Exams cover material presented in the lectures, discussions, readings, and audio-visual material.
Exams cover material presented in the lectures, readings, discussion, and homework.
Exams cover material since last exam.
Exams cover readings AND lectures.
Exams cover readings, lecture, website information, and class discussions.
Exams cover text readings, lectures, and handouts.
Exams cover the assigned readings as well as lecture material.
Exams cover the material indicated in the schedule in the syllabus.
Exams cover the material indicated in the syllabus.
Exams cover the material presented prior to each date.
Exams cover the subjects of writing, social studies, science, mathematics, literature and the arts.
Exams cover the textbook, lecture material, any outside reading assignments, slides and movies.
Exams do, however, change slightly in composition from year to year.
Exams draw heavily from materials discussed in class.
Exams earn elective credit only.
Exams emphasize material covered in lecture as well as the text.
Exams emphasize material covered in lecture.
Exams emphasize material covered primarily in lecture.
Exams emphasize students' ability to apply principles learned in class and from the readings.
Exams emphasize students'ability to apply principles learned in class and from the readings.
Exams emphasize topics discussed in class.
Exams end when time is called.
Exams feature longer and shorter essay questions drawing on lectures and readings.
Exams Find out the format and material to be covered when an exam date is announced.
Exams focus on material covered in lecture, but major concepts from the reading are also fair game.
Exams focus on the material covered since the last test.
Exams focus on what happens in class as supplemented and amplified by the readings.
Exams follow the end of major units or a cluster of smaller units.
Exams follow the take-home model.
Exams form a synthesis of everything taught.
Exams generally fall into one of the following three categories or any combination thereof.
Exams have a built-in delay of four hours between retakes.
Exams have a mixture of short and long problems.
Exams have both an objective and an essay component.
Exams have extra credit questions.
Exams have three sections.
Exams have to be short, easy questions if they are to be done in an hour of panic.
Exams have two portions, the practical and the written.
Exams Help with papers, all levels.
Exams Here are a few old exams but no answers.
Exams Here are some exams and review questions from previous semesters.
Exams Here is the first exam of the semester.
Exams Here is the first test of the semester .
Exams Here is the schedule.
Exams indicates when and where an exam is held.
Exams normally cover material presented in lecture, along with assigned readings from the text.
Exams occur as appropriate at the end of a unit.
Exams provide a test of understanding of concepts as well as their application.
Exams provide an opportunity for students to demonstrate what they have learned.
Exams Read all questions before answering any.
Exams reflect material covered in course via lectures, assignments, and readings.
Exams reflect the course content.
Exams reflect the education, experience and skills that are called for in the job announcement.
Exams reflect what is emphasized in class.
Exams require a synthesis of various parts of the course.
Exams require careful reading of the text and articles, and note taking during class.
Exams require the ability to apply course material to real-world examples.
Exams require thoughtful answers as well.
Exams require users to perform tasks without notes or manuals.
Exams See Grading Policy above.
Exams See Grading Policy.
Exams See the attached schedule for the exam dates.
Exams See the attached schedule for the exam schedule.
Exams spatum and excreta.
Exams Specify the number and dates of exams.
Exams start next week.
Exams suck like hell.
Exams suck, so do meat-eaters.
Exams take a number of different forms with the categories of subjective and objective.
Exams take about one hour.
Exams take many forms.
Exams take on an ever-increasing importance in university work.
Exams take place at the end of each semester.
Exams take the form of paragraph and short answer questions.
Exams tend to constitute the majority of the grade depending on how many quizzes are given.
Exams test theoretical ideas as well as computations.
Exams then become a complementary and integral part of a whole learning experience.
Exams there are definitely a killer.
Exams There are four exams and two presentations.
Exams There are four exams.
Exams There are no exams.
Exams There are no scheduled exams.
Exams There are pluses and minuses with almost any exam structure.
Exams There are study guides for the midterm and final.
Exams There are three exams in the course.
Exams There are three group exams and three individual exams.
Exams There are two exams, a midterm and a final.
Exams There are two hourly evening exams plus one final exam.
Exams typically consist of a combination of several identifications and a longer essay question.
Exams typically consist of multiple choice and short essay.
Exams typically consist of short answer questions.
Exams typically focus on lecture material.
Exams typically have three sections.
Exams typically take almost the full hour and are usually multiple choice.
Exams vary in length.
Exams Always monitor the room.
Exams always require graphic skills, as well as multiple choice skills.
Exams always start at the beginning of the class period.
Exams frequently contain slides and are heavily weighted toward materially discussed in class.
Exams often have a problem or two straight from the book.
Exams usually consist of two essay questions.
Exams usually end with the subjects that the fewest people take.
Exams usually qualify for academic credit at colleges and universities throughout the country.
All exams allow access to the text and class notes.
All exams are a combination of multiple choice, short answer, short essay, and essay.
All exams are a combination of short answer and essay questions.
All exams are a combination of short answer and longer essay questions.
All exams are all open book with multiple choice and true false questions.
All exams are available for photocopying with membership.
All exams are available worldwide in English.
All exams are by appointment only.
All exams are by appointment.
All exams are by necessity comprehensive.
All exams are closed book and are administered on a personal computer.
All exams are closed book and closed notes.
All exams are closed book and closed-note tests.
All exams are closed book and closed-notes.
All exams are closed book and entail writing essays.
All exams are closed book and have a two-hour time limit.
All exams are closed book and include material from the lectures and the readings.
All exams are closed book and notes.
All exams are closed book and semi-cumulative.
All exams are closed book by individual effort and have both essay and multiple choice questions.
All exams are closed book by individual effort and have multiple-choice questions and essays.
All exams are closed book exams, and are to be the sole work of each student.
All exams are closed book exams.
All exams are closed book tests.
All exams are closed book unless announced otherwise.
All exams are closed book unless otherwise specified.
All exams are closed book with no notes.
All exams are closed book, closed note.
All exams are closed book, closed notebook.
All exams are closed book, closed notes, and closed neighbor.
All exams are closed book, closed notes.
All exams are closed book, no notes.
All exams are closed book, with one sheet of notes in each midterm and two sheets in the final.
All exams are closed book.
All exams are closed books and closed notes.
All exams are closed books, closed notes unless otherwise noted.
All exams are closed books, closed notes.
All exams are closed books.
All exams are closed notes and book.
All exams are closed notes and books.
All exams are closed-book essay examinations.
All exams are closed-book exams.
All exams are closed-book tests written in Spanish.
All exams are closed-book, closed notes exams.
All exams are closed-book, no notes.
All exams are closed-book, short answer, comprehensive tests.
All exams are closed-book.
All exams are completely closed-book.
All exams are comprehensive .
All exams are comprehensive and cumulative in nature.
All exams are comprehensive and tend to be short answer and problem oriented.
All exams are comprehensive in nature.
All exams are comprehensive with emphasis on the material presented since the prior exam.
All exams are comprehensive.
All exams are compulsory for all students, without exception.
All exams are computer adaptive.
All exams are computer based , and exam questions are multiple-choice.
All exams are culminative.
All exams are cummulative, so each exam is worth more than the previous exam.
All exams are cumulative .
All exams are cumulative and comprehensive.
All exams are cumulative but the emphasis is on the current material.
All exams are cumulative in content.
All exams are cumulative in their coverage.
All exams are cumulative.
All exams are currently unavailable from the Web page for security reasons.
All exams are departmental exams, given at the same time.
All exams are difficult.
All exams are due back to the instructor one week after receipt.
All exams are essay exams.
All exams are essay format.
All exams are essay in format.
All exams are essay questions taken in class.
All exams are essay type.
All exams are essay.
All exams are essay-styled.
All exams are handgraded.
All exams are in an objective, multiple-choice format.
All exams are in class.
All exams are in essay format.
All exams are in postscript format unless noted otherwise.
All exams are in-class.
All exams are individual efforts and are closed book.
All exams are individual exams.
All exams are individual.
All exams are mandatory.
All exams are multiple choice and are non-comprehensive.
All exams are multiple choice and fill in the blank.
All exams are multiple choice and short essay.
All exams are multiple choice and true-false answers.
All exams are multiple choice.
All exams are multiple choices.
All exams are multiple-choice tests.
All exams are multiple-choice type.
All exams are multiple-choice.
All exams are non-circulating.
All exams are non-comprehensive .
All exams are non-comprehensive, i.e. they only cover material since the last exam.
All exams are non-comprehensive.
All exams are non-cumulative.
All exams are objective in nature and form a significant part of the final evaluation.
All exams are objective multiple choice and true-false type questions.
All exams are of equal value and cover both academic and applied components of class.
All exams are of equal weight.
All exams are of the closed-book type.
All exams are on an honor system.
All exams are on closed notes and closed books.
All exams are on Wednesdays.
All exams are one hour in length.
All exams are one hour or less.
All exams are online and accessible with a web browser.
All exams are open book .
All exams are open book and a calculator is necessary.
All exams are open book and notes .
All exams are open book and notes.
All exams are open book and open note exams.
All exams are open book and open notes.
All exams are open book exams .
All exams are open book exams.
All exams are open book, multiple choice and taken on-line.
All exams are open book, open note.
All exams are open book, open notes and open computer.
All exams are open book, open notes.
All exams are open book.
All exams are open books and open notes.
All exams are open note and open book.
All exams are open notes and open book.
All exams are open notes.
All exams are open text book.
All exams are open textbook.
All exams are open-book.
All exams are open-note and are to be completed individually.
All exams are performance based.
All exams are regularly updated.
All exams are sectional exams, i.e., they cover particular sections of the course.
All exams are short answer.
All exams are short-answer, and essay questions.
All exams are take-home.
All exams are the work of the individual student.
All exams are to be administered only at approved sites.
All exams are to be individual efforts.
All exams are to be taken as scheduled.
All exams are to be taken at their regularly scheduled times.
All exams are to be taken in class on the designated exam dates.
All exams are to be taken in class on the scheduled day.
All exams are to be taken in sequence.
All exams are to be taken in the classroom.
All exams are to be taken on the scheduled dates as indicated below.
All exams are to be taken without the aid of notes, books, or other people.
All exams are to be taken without the assistance of books, notes, or other people.
All exams are to be the sole work of the individual student.
All exams are to be typed and double-spaced.
All exams are to be typed and free of spelling and grammatical errors.
All exams are two hours in length and are administered in the regularly scheduled classroom.
All exams are two hours in length.
All exams are two hours with a flexible schedule.
All exams are unit exams.
All exams are variations of a multiple choice format.
All exams carry equal weight.
All exams comprise multiple-choice questions.
All exams consist largely of essay questions.
All exams consist of problems to be worked.
All exams contain a combination of multiple choice, short answer, and essay questions.
All exams contain bonus items.
All exams contribute equally to the grade for the course.
All exams count equally toward the final grade.
All exams count equally.
All exams emphasize lecture materials, class discussions and homework problems.
All exams entail short essays.
All exams have a time limit specified by the vendor.
All exams have an listening comprehension section.
All exams have to be taken at their scheduled times.
All exams meet in regular rooms unless instructor announces a change.
All exams require a coherent, detailed argument with attention to evidence.
All exams require a written consent prior to the examination.
All exams require preregistration and include a moderate fee.
All exams require pre-registration except as where noted.
All exams require snacks.
All exams require written essay-type answers.
All exams start on time.
All exams take one hour or less.
All exams take place during the lab period.
All exams take place in class.
All exams take place in the lecture classroom.
All exams weight the same.
Every exam has two or three essay questions.
Every exam includes an individual component.
Every exam is a little different .
Every exam is a little different.
Every exam is closed book.
Every exam is objective.
Every exam is part objective and part essay.
Many exams can count toward more than one credential.
Many exams have to be completed within a specified period of time.
Many exams require no preparation at all.
Most exams are multiple choice, although some have short answer sections.
Most exams are multiple-choice tests.
Most exams are paper and pencil exams.
Most exams are take home.
Most exams cover some probability and introductory random variables.
Most exams have a time limit.
Most exams last approximately one to two hours.
Most exams last less than an hour but multiple exams can take longer.
Most exams require ingestion of contrast or introduction of contrast via enema.
Most exams take less than an hour.
Most exams take one hour.
Some exams allow open book, calculators or cheatsheets.
Some exams are accessible in college.
Some exams are available in pdf format as well.
Some exams are computer-based, while others are taken with pencil and paper.
Some exams are free, others require an account.
Some exams are just plain crooked.
Some exams are open book, some are closed book.
Some exams are open only to State employees.
Some exams consist of a written exam while others consist of an actual interview.
Some exams have keys.
Some exams receive course equivalence for specified scores.
Some exams require an additional fee.
Some exams require documented clinical work hours.
Some exams require preparation for the patient.
Some exams require preparation prior to the studies.
Some exams require that certain questions be mailed in to the tutor.
Some exams require that the student provide a blue book.
Some exams require the use of an injected contrast-enhancing agent.
An examen is reflection
Examen continues, with paragraph in journal.
Examen este cuestionario y califiquese a si mismo.
Examens are criticism.
Examens are introspection.
Examinable material is discussed in the laboratory classes.
Examination gloves are non-sterile and ambidextrous.
Examination rooms are generally open twenty-five minutes before an examination begins.
Examination rooms have light-colored walls, plants and private dressing rooms.
Examination systems are to be changed.
Examination techniques include use.
An examination is an investigation
Examination aim opposite many rear otherwise fought issues.
Examination aim opposite many rear otherwise fought jan schlichtmann.
Examination aim opposite many rear otherwise fought jerry gossip.
Examination aim opposite many rear otherwise fought jerry springer links.
Examination approach off whatever chalk so believe croquet mallet.
Examination approach off whatever chalk so believe dallas cowboys watches.
Examination approach off whatever chalk so believe easton baseball gloves for kids.
Examination approach off whatever chalk so believe hockey pucks.
Examination are of equal weight.
Examination are to be taken on the date scheduled.
Examination begins with inspection for asymmetry, knee effusion, atrophy and congenital anomalies.
Examination causes slight temperature and cough following slight bronchitis.
Examination collect Information in little army under any stocking.
Examination consists of two parts.
Examination consists of written examination, vision check, and a possible driving test.
Examination copy available upon request.
Examination cover throughout that shirt still drop bills poster auction.
Examination dates and cut off dates for applications.
Examination dates change from year to year.
Examination dates Each of the test centres schedules their administrations to suit local needs.
Examination dates to be announced at a later date.
Examination disclose a well-nourished, acutely ill child, with rigidity of all muscles.
Examination done to early can be negative.
Examination entails the writing of a report which is examined internally.
Examination includes edge printing, dating information and notch codes and physical characteristics.
Examination includes elements of accounting and other commercial skills.
Examination includes pulse diagnosis.
Examination is administered by a committee appointed by the graduate advisor.
Examination is administered in the final on-campus semester.
Examination is based on intervention, inspection, and education.
Examination is based upon an oral and a written test.
Examination is by a viva voce examination and a written submission.
Examination is by appointment only.
Examination is by continuous assessment, written examination, and a Dissertation.
Examination is by dissertation alone.
Examination is by dissertation only.
Examination is by research thesis only.
Examination is by take-home problems.
Examination is by the submission of critiqued bibliographies and other research tools.
Examination is by thesis alone.
Examination is by thesis and oral examination.
Examination is by thesis and viva voce examination.
Examination is by thesis with appropriate accompanying material.
Examination is by thesis.
Examination is by three independent reviewers who are specialists in the field of study.
Examination is by two written papers, an oral, in-course assessment and a dissertation.
Examination is by written assignments.
Examination is carried out to detect sacral base levelling or unlevelling.
Examination is conducted of records maintained by government regulatory and licensing agencies.
Examination is continuous.
Examination is deferred.
Examination is designed to demonstrate that a student is ready to begin work on a dissertation.
Examination is done after each unit of study in the form of selected essay.
Examination is done by testing for movement at various points in the system.
Examination is done by testing for movement in various parts of the system.
Examination is done by testing for movements in various parts of the system.
Examination is evaluated and the results forwarded to the vice president of academic affairs.
Examination is given at the beginning, middle, and end of each semester.
Examination is held at least once per year in one or more of the training centers.
Examination is held on an ongoing basis throughout the entire course.
Examination is made of the needs, wants, and expectations of the victims of direct crimes.
Examination is made of tourism statistics, definitions and international tourism flow patterns.
Examination is made of ways by which successful operational management performance can be achieved.
Examination is necessary to determine reproductive status of the ovaries and uterus.
Examination is no longer necessary.
Examination is no longer possible.
Examination is nonspecific except for edema .
Examination is normal.
Examination is only through the group reports.
Examination is 'open book'.
Examination is 'open-book'.
Examination is oral and conducting a mock dire can teach youth about the jury process.
Examination is otherwise normal.
Examination is performed on the first few teaspoons of the urine specimen only.
Examination is required for all individuals.
Examination is required of all applicants.
Examination is required.
Examination is sufficient to confirm the diagnosis.
Examination is the first step towards change and improvement.
Examination is the key to diagnosis, and helps determine the type of treatment needed.
Examination is the normal method of assessment although certain courses require a substantial paper.
Examination is the second part of a two-part licensing process.
Examination is through theory and case studies.
Examination is unremarkable except for a somewhat lax internal sphincter.
Examination is usually the only means.
Examination is via a report and presentation.
Examination is wholly on the basis of assessed essays and the dissertation.
Examination isa activity.
Examination relieve Benefits except drawer across no billy tipton finally are in many activities.
Examination reports as well as other documents have been withheld from disclosure.
Examination results .
Examination results in foreign languages compared favourably with national statistics.
Examination results in other countries where available.
Examination results Reports by examining agencies on the progress being made by banks.
Examination reveals a firm testicular nodule.
Examination reveals a pleasant wasted lady.
Examination reveals a positive response to straight leg raise test.
Examination reveals a rapid increase of the swelling and pain.
Examination reveals a right convergent squint caused by a right abducent nerve palsy.
Examination reveals an obese man with a long history of angina and intermittent claudication.
Examination reveals eosinophils, neutrophils, lymphocytes and corneal epithelium.
Examination reveals low blood pressure, and a disseminated rash.
Examination reveals low blood pressure, and a rash on the palms and soles.
Examination reveals marked erythema and excoriation of the perianal area.
Examination reveals marked tenderness in the RUQ without a palpable mass.
Examination reveals mild left lower quadrant tenderness without an appreciable mass.
Examination reveals nasal obstruction and fluctuation of the septum.
Examination reveals no neurological abnormalities.
Examination reveals opacity of the lens.
Examination reveals profound weakness and wasting of the calf musculature.
Examination reveals reflexes as well as motor and sensory examination was normal.
Examination reveals tenderness over the medial collateral ligament and pain on weight bearing.
Examination reveals that the number of pigment containing melanophores has decreased.
Examination satisfy amid none exception if bound volleyball net sale.
Examination See program schedule.
Examination shows a swollen left leg, slightly warm and somewhat cyanotic in appearance.
Examination shows an intraocular inflammation with retinal necrosis in temporal periphery.
Examination shows asymmetric patchy weakness, especially in the quadriceps and hand grip.
Examination shows facial flushing, conjunctival injection, and coating of the tongue.
Examination shows limitation of movement and tenderness of the hip.
Examination shows mild proximal weakness.
Examination shows most fat distributed in the hips, thighs, and legs.
Examination shows proptosis, downward and inward displacement of the eyeball.
Examination shows symmetric proximal weakness.
Examination takes place on completion of each component.
Examination walk along no chin until delivering head tennis raquet.
Examinations allow identification.
Examinations also form an essential part of the assessment of most modules.
Examinations appearing in italics are new exams.
Examinations are a combination of objective and essay questions.
Examinations are a common educational experience for all our students.
Examinations are a mixture of objective and short-answer questions.
Examinations are a mixture of objective questions, problems and short answer essays.
Examinations are a necessary evil, and feedback is the most valuable thing they offer.
Examinations are a significant part of most college classes.
Examinations are all closed book parts, in class.
Examinations are all closed book, in class.
Examinations are all cumulative .
Examinations are always optional.
Examinations are an integral portion of the acceptance criteria for the program.
Examinations are anonymous, and papers are identified solely by number.
Examinations are available at five levels.
Examinations are available at various levels.
Examinations are available each semester during the first week of class.
Examinations are available each trimester during the first week of class.
Examinations are available for many different areas including business and mathematics.
Examinations are available in computer information systems and lower-level electronics.
Examinations are available in English and Spanish.
Examinations are available in many skill areas.
Examinations are available in selected subject areas.
Examinations are by appointment and all services are open to the general public.
Examinations are by appointment only and space is limited.
Examinations are by appointment only.
Examinations are by appointment.
Examinations are closed book and closed class notes.
Examinations are closed book unless specifically stated otherwise.
Examinations are closed book.
Examinations are closed books and closed notes.
Examinations are closed-book unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Examinations are comfortable, fast and safe.
Examinations are communication.
Examinations are cumulative and are kept on file by the instructor.
Examinations are cumulative but focus on material covered since previous exams.
Examinations are cumulative.
Examinations are due at noon on the days set out above.
Examinations are especially important for women with risk factors listed above.
Examinations are essay and problem-solving with coverage of lectures and assigned readings.
Examinations are essay in format.
Examinations are essay style.
Examinations are essay.
Examinations are fair.
Examinations are faster and easier.
Examinations are free.
Examinations are generally essay in nature.
Examinations are generally open only to U.S. citizens who are Illinois residents.
Examinations are graded honors, pass, low-pass or fail.
Examinations are in essay format.
Examinations are in the third term.
Examinations are investigations.
Examinations are limited to one per day.
Examinations are mandatory for all students.
Examinations are most often oral and written examinations are rare.
Examinations are multiple choice, essay, and group orals.
Examinations are multiple choice.
Examinations are multiple-choice and are computer graded.
Examinations are objective type or short answer.
Examinations are of equal weight and are graded in percentages.
Examinations are of equal weight and graded in percentages.
Examinations are of equal weight.
Examinations are of the multiple choice format.
Examinations are of the multiple-choice format.
Examinations are of two kinds, degree and class, and take place regularly throughout the course.
Examinations are offered for all classes of licenses and walk-ins are welcome.
Examinations are one form of assessment, and vary according to the course and instructor.
Examinations are one hour in length.
Examinations are only a part of the assessment.
Examinations are only one component in the total evaluation of a student's performance.
Examinations are open book and open notes.
Examinations are open-book and test ability to adapt course material to new situations.
Examinations are open-book.
Examinations are optional.
Examinations are organized every four years only, and only very skilled chefs can apply.
Examinations are simple and quick.
Examinations are sometimes confused with audits.
Examinations are team based.
Examinations are tests.
Examinations are the basic way of controlling students' academic performance.
Examinations are the foundation of the Japanese education system.
Examinations are the property of the finance department.
Examinations are to be given only as indicated in the above schedule.
Examinations are to be hand-written in English.
Examinations are to be on the specified dates.
Examinations are to be taken as scheduled.
Examinations are to be taken at the regularly scheduled time.
Examinations are to be taken at their scheduled time only.
Examinations are to be taken in the designated classrooms.
Examinations are to be taken on the date scheduled.
Examinations are to be taken when scheduled.
Examinations are to be written in ink and in large bluebooks.
Examinations are to be written or typed in assigned rooms only.
Examinations are true-false and are computer graded.
Examinations are two hours in length with an extra half hour permitted.
Examinations are two hours in length with an extra half-hour permitted .
Examinations are two hours in length with an extra half-hour permitted.
Examinations are two hours in length with an extra half-our permitted.
Examinations are two hours in length, with an extra half-hour permitted.
Examinations are under constant review for content.
Examinations are usually in written form but can also be an oral presentation.
Examinations are usually in written form.
Examinations are very important.
Examinations are worth forty points each.
Examinations are, by necessity, cumulative.
Examinations assume a much more relaxed atmosphere.
Examinations become duties.
Examinations begin with the state representative delivering an overview of the report.
Examinations can also determine chemical composition including alloying and trace elements.
Examinations can be anywhere in the country.
Examinations can choose to attend one of the designated secondary schools listed above.
Examinations can consist of short answer questions or essay based answers.
Examinations can determine whether the device functioned as designed.
Examinations can include short answer, multiple choice, true or false and matching type questions.
Examinations comprise practical skills as well as knowledge.
Examinations concentrate on the problem areas which have surfaced in the course.
Examinations confirm diagnoses.
Examinations consist of a practical test and a theory paper .
Examinations consist of descriptions, discussions and explanation questions.
Examinations consist of multiple choice questions and short answer questions.
Examinations consist of multiple-choice questions.
Examinations consist of on-site compliance reviews of programs by department licensing staff.
Examinations consist of on-site compliance reviews of the facility by departmental licensing staff.
Examinations consist of on-site inspections of the programs by departmental licensing staff.
Examinations consist of questions regarding each listening example.
Examinations consist of translations and of questions and answers.
Examinations consist of various types of questions ranging from multiple choice to problem solving.
Examinations consist primarily of multiple choice and true-false questions.
Examinations contain, at best, line drawings and the occasional orbital picture.
Examinations cover all reading assignments and lecture material.
Examinations cover both lecture and laboratory material.
Examinations cover both readings and materials considered during class.
Examinations cover each period of art.
Examinations cover German language, European history and feminist theory.
Examinations cover lecture presentations, lecture handouts, and assigned reading material.
Examinations cover material discussed in class.
Examinations cover material from the book and lectures.
Examinations cover material from the lectures and handouts and any assigned readings.
Examinations cover material from the lectures, notes and handouts, and any assigned readings.
Examinations cover material presented in the textbook and in class discussions and presentations.
Examinations cover the core, major and minor fields, and in some cases the outside field.
Examinations cover the important aspects of the course.
Examinations demonstrate good understanding of course concepts.
Examinations demonstrate variation.
Examinations detect presence.
Examinations enable identification.
Examinations entail reviews of both retail and commercial portfolios.
Examinations Establish criteria, scope and procedure for annual exams.
Examinations even vary by where they are taken.
Examinations find results.
Examinations follow each chapter in Schemata.
Examinations follow emergency treatments.
Examinations Follow instructions in course pack or on-line for completing exams.
Examinations follow treatments.
Examinations give negative results.
Examinations give results.
Examinations have essay, short answer, and some multiple choice questions.
Examinations have limits.
Examinations have potential.
Examinations have time limits.
Examinations held in certain places are less expensive than others.
Examinations help prepare students to surmount professional hurdles.
Examinations include analyses.
Examinations include assessments.
Examinations include health.
Examinations include inspections.
Examinations indicate concentration.
Examinations indicate conditions.
Examinations indicate growth.
Examinations indicate natural nutrition.
Examinations indicate nutrition.
Examinations involve all teaching staff.
Examinations involve destructive samples.
Examinations involve inspections.
Examinations involve samples.
Examinations look at facts.
Examinations loom very much on the horizon after that date.
Examinations make macabre reading.
Examinations measure proficiency in analysis and design principles.
Examinations merely gauge progress.
Examinations normally take place at the residential schools.
Examinations Note everyone is required to take examinations at the scheduled dates and time.
Examinations occur in the middle of the third term.
Examinations only take place at the end of the academic year.
Examinations Perform intraoral and extraoral examinations.
Examinations protect and exemplify academic standards.
Examinations provide a useful teaching tool.
Examinations provide characteristics.
Examinations provide evidence.
Examinations provide further evidence.
Examinations provide important insight.
Examinations provide information.
Examinations provide insight.
Examinations provide the least structured learning environment.
Examinations reach from chemical analysis to electrical testing.
Examinations receive college credit for the course.
Examinations relate to on-line material.
Examinations require analytical essays that demonstrate the student's ability to analyze sources.
Examinations requisite for appointment and promotion.
Examinations reveal brown color.
Examinations reveal causes.
Examinations reveal color.
Examinations reveal conditions.
Examinations reveal differences.
Examinations reveal entrances.
Examinations reveal evidence.
Examinations reveal factors.
Examinations reveal features.
Examinations reveal instances.
Examinations reveal major differences.
Examinations reveal major problems.
Examinations reveal patterns.
Examinations reveal presence.
Examinations reveal problems.
Examinations reveal significant differences.
Examinations reveal structures.
Examinations reveal weakness.
Examinations reveal yellowish brown color.
Examinations reveal yellowish color.
Examinations scheduled in course syllabus are to be taken at the date and time specified.
Examinations serve as a tool for both learning and evaluation.
Examinations show abnormalities.
Examinations show adult size.
Examinations show apparent abnormalities.
Examinations show causes.
Examinations show conditions.
Examinations show differences.
Examinations show epidermises.
Examinations show factors.
Examinations show follow conditions.
Examinations show half size.
Examinations show importance.
Examinations show knowledge.
Examinations show lung abnormalities.
Examinations show responses.
Examinations show size.
Examinations start at the designated time.
Examinations start at the time stated.
Examinations take place at the end of each semester.
Examinations take place at the end of each trimester.
Examinations take place at the end of every trimester.
Examinations take place at the end of the academic year.
Examinations take place at the end of the first semester and at the end of the year.
Examinations take place at the end of the term.
Examinations take place in examination periods at the end of each semester.
Examinations take place six times a year.
Examinations take place twice a year.
Examinations take places.
Examinations take the form of a written paper, oral, practical and clinical examinations.
Examinations There are appropriate culminating academic experiences for each of the program areas.
Examinations There are five examinations plus the final examination.
Examinations There are four examinations.
Examinations There are three examinations in the course of the Ph.D. program.
Examinations There are three examinations, equally weighted.
Examinations There are three examinations.
Examinations There are three exams, one following the completion of each of the three units.
Examinations There are three hour exams and a final exam.
Examinations There are two midterm examinations and a final examination.
Examinations There are TWO scheduled exams.
Examinations There are two semesters and a summer term in an academic year.
Examinations There is the dissertation, and three three-hour final examinations.
Examinations -Three midterm examinations and a final examination are scheduled.
Examinations vary depending upon the position.
Examinations yield information.
Examination often reveals shiny green-to yellow colored frass within the stem.
Examination often reveals tremor, asterixis, and myoclonus in addition to mental disturbances.
Examinations often follow swiftly on from teaching.
Examinations usually take place on the college campus.
All examinations are age-appropriate and are provided by a sensitive and caring specialist.
All examinations are by appointment only.
All examinations are closed book and closed notes.
All examinations are closed book, closed note.
All examinations are closed book.
All examinations are closed to books and notes.
All examinations are closed-book.
All examinations are comprehensive in coverage.
All examinations are comprehensive, covering material from the beginning of the year.
All examinations are comprehensive.
All examinations are computer based and multiple-choice.
All examinations are cumulative.
All examinations are due at the beginning of class.
All examinations are due on the assigned date.
All examinations are equal-valued, and there is no comprehensive final examination.
All examinations are essay in nature.
All examinations are essay.
All examinations are essays.
All examinations are individual effort only.
All examinations are mandatory.
All examinations are math problems or fill-in the blank.
All examinations are multiple-choice format.
All examinations are of equal value, and there is no comprehensive final examination.
All examinations are of the essay type, and weight readings more heavily than class materials.
All examinations are of the essay type.
All examinations are one hour.
All examinations are open book and closed notes.
All examinations are open book, open note.
All examinations are open book, open notes and the use of an electronic calculator is encouraged.
All examinations are open book, open notes and the use of an electronic calculator is essential.
All examinations are open books and notes.
All examinations are open-book.
All examinations are sectional.
All examinations are take-home.
All examinations are the property of the school.
All examinations are to be completed during the first trimester of attendance.
All examinations are to be conducted at the times and in the rooms indicated below.
All examinations are to be produced by each student independently.
All examinations are to be taken closed-book.
All examinations are to be taken in the presence of a proctor.
All examinations are to be taken when scheduled unless prior arrangements have been made.
All examinations are to be taken without the assistance of books, notes, or other people.
All examinations are to be two hours and thirty minutes in length.
All examinations are under the supervision of various colleges.
All examinations assume a certain mathematical sophistication and programming abilities.
All examinations consist of essay questions.
All examinations consist of multiple choice, and essay questions, which are online.
All examinations consist of short answer and essay questions.
All examinations contain error.
All examinations contain essay questions.
All examinations cover both lectures and assignments.
All examinations cover material from lectures, demonstrations and the required readings.
All examinations have a mapping component and at least one essay question.
All examinations occur in the regularly assigned classroom unless otherwise notified.
All examinations offered by Dutchess County currently require a processing fee.
All examinations take place in the summer term of the year in which the course is taken.
All examinations take place on a single day, the day after Labor Day.
Every examination is given under the honor system.
Many examinations are available in a computerized format.
Many examinations require a processing or application fee that is non-refundable.
Most examinations allow identification.
Most examinations are brief and take less than fifteen minutes.
Most examinations become duties.
Most examinations confirm diagnoses.
Most examinations count towards the final degree assessment.
Most examinations demonstrate variation.
Most examinations detect presence.
Most examinations enable identification.
Most examinations find results.
Most examinations follow emergency treatments.
Most examinations follow treatments.
Most examinations give negative results.
Most examinations give results.
Most examinations go smoothly and our examiners depart at the earliest possible moment.
Most examinations have limits.
Most examinations have potential.
Most examinations have time limits.
Most examinations indicate concentration.
Most examinations indicate conditions.
Most examinations indicate growth.
Most examinations indicate natural nutrition.
Most examinations indicate nutrition.
Most examinations involve destructive samples.
Most examinations involve inspections.
Most examinations involve samples.
Most examinations involve scanning across the cornea with the eyelids held open.
Most examinations look at facts.
Most examinations provide characteristics.
Most examinations provide evidence.
Most examinations provide further evidence.
Most examinations provide important insight.
Most examinations provide information.
Most examinations provide insight.
Most examinations requires completion of an essay question.
Most examinations reveal brown color.
Most examinations reveal causes.
Most examinations reveal color.
Most examinations reveal conditions.
Most examinations reveal differences.
Most examinations reveal entrances.
Most examinations reveal evidence.
Most examinations reveal factors.
Most examinations reveal features.
Most examinations reveal instances.
Most examinations reveal major differences.
Most examinations reveal major problems.
Most examinations reveal patterns.
Most examinations reveal presence.
Most examinations reveal problems.
Most examinations reveal significant differences.
Most examinations reveal structures.
Most examinations reveal weakness.
Most examinations reveal yellowish brown color.
Most examinations reveal yellowish color.
Most examinations show abnormalities.
Most examinations show adult size.
Most examinations show apparent abnormalities.
Most examinations show causes.
Most examinations show conditions.
Most examinations show differences.
Most examinations show epidermises.
Most examinations show factors.
Most examinations show follow conditions.
Most examinations show half size.
Most examinations show importance.
Most examinations show knowledge.
Most examinations show lung abnormalities.
Most examinations show responses.
Most examinations show size.
Most examinations take less than one day to complete.
Most examinations take places.
Most examinations yield information.
Some examinations are conducted by physicians.
Some examinations are conducted by secretaries.
Some examinations are open book, whilst others are based on previously issued case studies.
Some examinations comprise a written or computer administered test.
Some examinations confirm identities.
Some examinations consist of steps.
Some examinations consist of types.
Some examinations demonstrate functions.
Some examinations demonstrate renal functions.
Some examinations detect pregnancy.
Some examinations emphasize ability.
Some examinations emphasize physical ability.
Some examinations find leg weakness.
Some examinations find profound weakness.
Some examinations find weakness.
Some examinations help problems.
Some examinations increase likelihood.
Some examinations indicate diets.
Some examinations indicate events.
Some examinations indicate products.
Some examinations lead to conclusions.
Some examinations prove cases.
Some examinations provide opportunity.
Some examinations require expertise.
Some examinations require referrals.
Some examinations reveal abundances.
Some examinations reveal ages.
Some examinations reveal areas.
Some examinations reveal attacks.
Some examinations reveal basement membranes.
Some examinations reveal bones.
Some examinations reveal cervixes.
Some examinations reveal complicate interaction.
Some examinations reveal contractors.
Some examinations reveal curves.
Some examinations reveal degeneration.
Some examinations reveal fibrosis.
Some examinations reveal genetic interaction.
Some examinations reveal girls.
Some examinations reveal growth curves.
Some examinations reveal hallmarks.
Some examinations reveal heels.
Some examinations reveal hues.
Some examinations reveal imbalances.
Some examinations reveal infection.
Some examinations reveal interaction.
Some examinations reveal larvae.
Some examinations reveal lobes.
Some examinations reveal many hues.
Some examinations reveal matter.
Some examinations reveal membranes.
Some examinations reveal methods.
Some examinations reveal necessary nutrients.
Some examinations reveal nutrients.
Some examinations reveal patches.
Some examinations reveal proteins.
Some examinations reveal shrews.
Some examinations reveal spikes.
Some examinations reveal steps.
Some examinations reveal throats.
Some examinations reveal wind.
Some examinations show atherosclerosis.
Some examinations show berries.
Some examinations show blood.
Some examinations show bushes.
Some examinations show damage.
Some examinations show defects.
Some examinations show degeneration.
Some examinations show deterioration.
Some examinations show development.
Some examinations show distribution.
Some examinations show elements.
Some examinations show extent.
Some examinations show fashion.
Some examinations show flowers.
Some examinations show growth.
Some examinations show gum.
Some examinations show hardness.
Some examinations show heartbeats.
Some examinations show infiltrations.
Some examinations show karyotypes.
Some examinations show mites.
Some examinations show nephrons.
Some examinations show ovulation.
Some examinations show parental karyotypes.
Some examinations show roots.
Some examinations show rules.
Some examinations show tissue degeneration.
Some examinations show ulcer.
Some examinations show weeds.
Some examinations show wood.
Some examinations show yew bushes.
Some examinations support suggestions.
Some examinations utilize growth.
Examine attitude scales.
Examine bird skins and wings to see how bird bodies have adapted to their environments.
Examine boat hulls, motors, trailers, fishing and diving gear for tag-along weeds and mussels.
Examine body cross sections for large copepods within the lumen of the gut.
Examine brooder stoves to be sure that they are burning clean and thermostats are functional.
Examine family experiences through the an interactive format.
Examine floor supports for rot and insect damage.
Examine insurance needs and employee benefit programs.
Examine leaf blades with transmitted light on the dissection microscope.
Examine physicians consider status.
Examine player passes if available.
Examine system logs periodically.
Examine variation provides information.
Examine window sills regularly as many pests fly or crawl towards light.
All examinee information is confidential .
An examiner is an investigator
Examiner inspects both testes.
Examiner measures liver span.
Examiner palpates superficially first, then more deeply.
Examiner pauses to inspect before auscultation or percussion.
Examiner pulls appointment slip and file and calls applicant's name.
Examiner tries to hold shoulder down while patient tries to shrug.
Examiners also assess how the plan is put into effect.
Examiners also conduct site visits.
Examiners also consider an institution's community development lending under the lending test.
Examiners also search other databases, but usually only English-language ones.
Examiners also take still x-rays to record findings.
Examiners analyze authorship and authenticity, including the materials used to produce the document.
Examiners are humans.
Examiners are investigators.
Examiners are only human.
Examiners are responsible for the assessment of entry-level clinical skills of future optometrists.
Examiners are to accept results from high homology over the entire length of an open reading frame.
Examiners are usually present during panel meetings to take notes and answer questions.
Examiners are very good at what they do and they try to do the best job possible.
Examiners ask questions on the cases presented and on the candidate's case lists.
Examiners assess institutions' capital adequacy through capital trend analysis.
Examiners assign a number value according to how many tasks a patient can perform.
Examiners based in their homes receive an office allowance under the current contract.
Examiners can accelerate recording by omitting vowels and using other abbreviations.
Examiners can apply to intervention privileges.
Examiners can command attractive salaries and work hours.
Examiners can easily spot 'padded' bibliographies.
Examiners can give credit only for what they can read.
Examiners can then leave the agency and become registered as patent agents.
Examiners carry out patent search, substantive examination, and opposition procedures.
Examiners consider large institutions' qualified investments under the investment test.
Examiners consider relevant factors and their relationship among components when assigning ratings.
Examiners consider similar factors in evaluating a community development loan.
Examiners do have the power to raise students' marks, even in non-borderline cases.
Examiners evaluate capital adequacy by assessing progress toward goals set forth in the plan.
Examiners fully deserve the garbage that they get in return.
Examiners generally work in insurance companies, or with third party providers.
Examiners govern bar admission in Minnesota.
Examiners governs the examination and admission of attorneys who wish to practice law in Tennessee.
Examiners grade specific skill areas each day.
Examiners grade the exam on a pass, conditional pass, conditional fail, or fail basis.
Examiners have a wealth of information about risk-management practices of insured institutions.
Examiners have no connection with nor do they recommend any specific bar refresher course.
Examiners inspect the work for printing defects.
Examiners inspect units at manufacturing plants during all phases of construction.
Examiners invariably comment unfavourably on an unsuitable or incomplete bibliographic style.
Examiners is recommended.
Examiners know that their year-end bonuses depend on productivity.
Examiners know who they are, as well.
Examiners look at test scores, school finances and curriculum, among other factors.
Examiners look for learned facts and analysis.
Examiners object when a thesis is too long.
Examiners perform ERCP with the help of an endoscope.
Examiners read claims in the broadest, reasonable manner.
Examiners receive a portion of the fee for their service in administering the examination.
Examiners retain sole discretion on what constitutes a passing score for each exam administration.
Examiners reviews each applicant file and makes a recommendation regarding admission.
Examiners routinely travel throughout their region or district to conduct on-site examinations.
Examiners say bodies in the mass graves had been stabbed, strangled, poisoned, and beaten.
Examiners say that what they most value is learning.
Examiners schedule audits to protect the institution s shareholders and the interests of depositors.
Examiners specify the form of the examination or the minimum passing score.
Examiners speculate that there was something damaging in one or more of the applications.
Examiners spend about twelve hours reviewing each patent application.
Examiners start by analyzing accounting books and records.
Examiners use both instrumental and chemical analysis when reviewing evidence.
Examiners use computers to prepare reports and to search for recent records.
Examiners view the pancreas and ducts by fluoroscopy and still x-rays.
Examiners work in teams assigned to each application and conduct all phases of the evaluation.
Examiners always look for it.
Examiners often are interested in knowing if the difference between two test scores is significant.
Examiners often work in teams, especially for higher level candidates.
Examiners sometimes inject substances that give contrast to soft tissues.
Examiners sometimes require candidates to make minor amendments to otherwise successful theses.
Examiners usually read appendices only superficially.
All examiners are blind to the birthweight and subject-exposure status.
All examiners read the whole of the written examination.
Every examiner enjoys seeing an applicant do a perfect job on the practical test.
Many examiners allow additional time for selecting questions and for proofreading.
Many examiners prefer to inspect breasts and reexamine the axilla after palpation.
Some examiners are clearly uncertain about how to use the wide top range.
Some examiners are too academically oriented.
Some examiners choose to insert a tampon at the end of the procedure.
Some examiners collect unpaid taxes.
Some examiners give away answers in their tests.
Some examiners travel a significant percentage of the time.
Most examining tables have a covered tray at the end that can pull out.
Some examples of groups are alt.music.bjork or comp.sys.news.
An example is information
Example are banks, insurance companies, airlines, and utilities.
Example are designs of adders, multipliers, code converters, and comparators.
Example are eggs which have the nutrients to promote the development once fertilization occurs.
Example are firms that build aircraft and ammunition.
Example are gastric enzymes.
Example are grasshoppers, mice, rabbits, deer, beavers, moose, cows, sheep, goats and groundhogs.
Example are lead, arsenic, and mercury.
Example are literary deconstructionism, holistic medicine and 'new age' psychology.
Example are seedlings, bulbs or even a small tree.
Example ask upon none pigeon therefore govern wildcats jersey.
Example attack transcript against glftpd.
Example begins here.
Example below shows one example of isomerisation reaction.
Example call throughout that sale as yield sleepytime trio music.
Example changes tar file To fetch a tar file with just the updated examples, click here .
Example comes to mind.
Example compare command.
Example demonstrate a history of professional experience.
Example demonstrates advanced techniques in data entry and updates.
Example demonstrates search process.
Example exists even in the recent past.
Example files Access the online examples mentioned throughout the book.
Example find .
Example help file contains HWServer documentation and examples.
Example includes designing the 'perfect' tandem expedition canoe.
Example includes reserpine and deserpidine.
Example includes succinyl choline which is a skeletal muscle relaxant used in general anasthesia.
Example includes suctorian protozoan.
Example is a subclass of rule.
Example is a view of epithelioid cells in a naked granuloma of Sarcoidosis .
Example is a view of exocytosis in Acute Contact Dermatitis .
Example is acorn worm.
Example is always more effacious than precept.
Example is always the best teacher.
Example is better than precept.
Example is cold water pipe or cold air duct in warm ceiling space.
Example is DNA polymerase.
Example is far more lasting in results than entertainment.
Example is from screen image above.
Example is generators which produce oxygen by chemical reaction.
Example is good minus with fair bore,mismatched bolt with good wood.
Example is good with mismatched bolt.
Example is important aid to understanding the first paragraph.
Example is insurance claim.
Example is leadership.
Example is life's best teacher.
Example is more powerful than precept.
Example is mucor.
Example is on the right side.
Example is person steals food to feed family, it is semi-acceptable because the family needs to eat.
Example is set by demeanor, which the team learns to emulate.
Example is size of the building.
Example is sound wave.
Example is still one of the best methods.
Example is still the best teacher.
Example is still the world's most powerful teacher.
Example is surely the most powerful teaching tool.
Example is the consumer-price index.
Example is urbanizing areas.
Example is vague and poorly written.
Example is wrong in how it does line breaks.
Example isa cognition.
Example isa knowledge.
Example Let .
Example Let s continue the example of lithium levels in psychiatric patients.
Example lists all files with '.
Example mesh for fluid simulation.
Example moves the world more than doctrine.
Example mulching materials include shredded leaves, compost and shredded bark.
Example Now pick some stamps to go on the left side of the vertical line.
Example ply engineering constants.
Example quantify the quality of each forecast as a function of time.
Example resumes of health care professionals, submitted by real people.
Example run button.
Example searches to try include 'ex-smoker', 'smoker', 'nonsmoker'.
Example shows how objects work - Brooke.
Example skarn deposits where ore lies at the intrusive-sedimentary contact.
Example teach beyond none fruit for drunk Cheap callaway golf clubs sale.
Example teach on some milwaukee bucks clothing.
Example win over a marketing.
Example works fine.
Examples a. Add one note to an incomplete measure so that the measure is correctly completed.
Examples a. Add one note to the incomplete measure so that the measure is correctly completed.
Examples abound across all sectors of economic activity.
Examples abound among everyday situations, whether at the reference desk, for example, or at home.
Examples abound demonstrating the effectiveness of double hulls.
Examples abound everywhere.
Examples abound from the current crisis in the occupied Palestinian territories.
Examples abound in all categories.
Examples abound in all walks of life.
Examples abound in and out manufacturing.
Examples abound in books on anatomy and in herbals.
Examples abound in both industry and medicine.
Examples abound in competitive powerlifting, especially in the early days.
Examples abound in every jurisdiction.
Examples abound in history about nations that rebuilt from disrepair.
Examples abound in our surroundings.
Examples abound in related and unrelated areas of interest.
Examples abound in religious history.
Examples abound in the annals of exploration, particularly mountaineering.
Examples abound in the extensive agitation regarding sexual morality.
Examples abound in the novel.
Examples abound in the world of plants.
Examples abound in U.S. history, many involving populist economic, trade, and monetary issues.
Examples abound internationally where negotiations have been resumed after many such failures.
Examples abound of aggressive strategies that backfire.
Examples abound of appropriate instructional technology in physical education.
Examples abound of community-based learning.
Examples abound of companies fighting battles to protect their interests on the Web.
Examples abound of current or recently closed productions.
Examples abound of developments that create net gains for communities.
Examples abound of FBOs with similar success rates.
Examples abound of fear mongering and deception by conservative forces.
Examples abound of Hollywood's rejection of the downbeat and the downcast in favor of the inane.
Examples abound of life without natural boundaries.
Examples abound of literature being published on the network today.
Examples abound of low-cost equipment that can be used for monitoring.
Examples abound of partisan-motivated inconsistencies.
Examples abound of productivity driven by info tech.
Examples abound of projects that come close.
Examples abound of successful efforts to reclaim neighborhoods from decay and crime in Michigan.
Examples abound of teens working to help one another.
Examples abound of the application of horizontal equity to government programs.
Examples abound of the growth of ethnic lobbying.
Examples abound of the help accountants can give lawyers.
Examples abound of the use of the word to represent a range of historic events.
Examples abound of their cooperation with various competing factions.
Examples abound of under thickness tubing parts escaping detection because of insufficient sampling.
Examples abound of use of teams, spirituality in the workplace, new models of leadership.
Examples abound of vanishing boundaries.
Examples abound on our landscape today.
Examples abound that basic oversight is lacking.
Examples abound that the industry designs opt-out programs to fail.
Examples abound throughout Louisiana.
Examples abound throughout the region.
Examples abound where women have taken loans and ended up worse off then ever.
Examples abound, including spurious moneymaking and credit-repair schemes and false product claims.
Examples abound, most particularly in chocolate bar ads and ice cream ads.
Examples abound, some more menacing than others.
Examples abound, starting from North Korea which they introduced to the debate.
Examples abound, to the point they are no longer headline news.
Examples acknowledge a varied student population.
Examples Add a legend to a simple plot.
Examples add to the clarity of the explanations.
Examples affecting cranial nerves are understandably smaller at the time of presentation.
Examples also extend into using Access with other type databases.
Examples also give information about collocations.
Examples also go beyond the simplest cases in many instances.
Examples also go well beyond the moderate cases in many instances.
Examples also increase the author's credibility.
Examples also show bank conflicts and chaining performance.
Examples appear at the end of the communication course descriptions.
Examples appear below.
Examples appear to be happening nationwide.
Examples apply to self-assembled monolayers.
Examples arc the shapes of bubbles, droplets, and liquid zones.
Examples are - alt text, text link alternatives to imagemaps, etc.
Examples are . . .
Examples are .
Examples are .au for Australia and .
Examples are .txt, .htm or .js files.
Examples are a bouncing ball , a pendulum and a comet .
Examples are a bowerbird's stage, a dog's yard, a family's property, a nation's land.
Examples are a car or a refrigerator.
Examples are a chair, sofa, a big box, grill, ladder etc.
Examples are a chat, guest book, page counters, etc.
Examples are a circle coaster, a square napkin, a triangle marker, a rectangle playing card, etc.
Examples are a commercial poultry hatchery, or an establishment raising llamas or chinchillas.
Examples are a curved spine, differences in leg length, high arches, and excessive muscle tightness.
Examples are a defective water heater, clogged drain, or heating problems in part of a house.
Examples are a desktop, a pencil, a tile square.
Examples are a fabulous fire truck, a stunning sunflower and a pretty pony.
Examples are a fall to the ground, a punch to the head, or a car accident.
Examples are a forest and a coral reef.
Examples are a form of inductive reasoning, supporting a conclusion.
Examples are a good idea.
Examples are a keyboard, mouse, command language, or windowing subsystem.
Examples are a kidney stone or abdominal tumor which obstructs the ureter.
Examples are a large tongue, a very small mouth, or a large and floppy larynx.
Examples are a letter, a drawing, and a mailing list.
Examples are a local library, school, or church.
Examples are a marriage certificate, divorce decree, court order, etc.
Examples are a mink coat or a diamond ring.
Examples are a mortgage on property, a lien to pay income taxes, or a lien to pay property taxes.
Examples are a new entrance door, additional power outlets, new carpet, or a wall to divide a room.
Examples are a PC, a telephone, a fax, or a set-top box.
Examples are a percentage increase in sales, extent of impact on a certain community, etc.
Examples are a picture with audio commentary, etc.
Examples are a primary means of making connections between old knowledge and new knowledge.
Examples are a printer server and a file server .
Examples are a private office, conference room, fire or ranger station.
Examples are a programmable terminal or a stand-alone microcomputer .
Examples are a rotten log, a tree, a woodland park, or a square foot of yard.
Examples are a separate file because of file sizes.
Examples are a simple arrow of one color or some graphics headline type.
Examples are a smokestack, sewer, ditch, or pipe.
Examples are a sponge sucking up water or a surface of the earth taking in heat from the sun.
Examples are a stepped platform - an offset architectural frontage formed by right angles.
Examples are a student store or various types of athletic activities.
Examples are a telephone call, fax message, e-mail, knock on the door.
Examples are a tight feeling in the chest, sweaty palms, drowsiness, or a mild headache.
Examples are a trade-lead submission engine and a cooperative terminology management system.
Examples are a transfer of property to a controlled corporation and a like-kind exchange.
Examples are a very powerful method of instruction, giving life to the commandment.
Examples are a wall, a voice, an email-program, or a picture.
Examples are a water wheel and a turbine.
Examples are a wedge formation, or a single file firing line.
Examples are abalone , clams , mussels , oysters , scallops , snails , octopus and squid .
Examples are abnormal weight and abnormal iron levels or inadequate diet.
Examples are abound.
Examples are abstracts, rasters, and star fields.
Examples are abundant in history, literature, and even the current news reports.
Examples are abundant, making it a good choice for the new collector with limited resources.
Examples are abundant.
Examples are abundantly easy to imagine.
Examples are accidents in state parks, or other open property away from paved roads or tails.
Examples are accidents, drug abuse, environmental assaults, unemployment, etc.
Examples are accommodation, meals and fees to professional organisations.
Examples are accounts payable, payroll taxes payable, and loans payable.
Examples are accounts receivable and inventories of products to sell.
Examples are accounts receivable and inventory.
Examples are accounts receivable or inventories of products to sell.
Examples are acetaminophen, aspirin, and ibuprofen.
Examples are acetic acid and ammonium hydroxide.
Examples are acid deposition, photo-oxidant and aerosol models.
Examples are acidic and basic fibroblast growth factors and glial derived neurotrophic factor.
Examples are acids and bases.
Examples are actinidine, b - skytanthine, and boschniakine.
Examples are actions and goals to achieve specific attacking or defending positioning.
Examples are actors in a play or movie.
Examples are acupuncture, magnetic field therapies and qigong therapy.
Examples are ad circulars and outdated weekly reports.
Examples are adenine, guanine, thymine, uracil, and cytosine.
Examples are adhesives, mastics, resins, grease, paint, oils and many liquid food products.
Examples are adjustable air intake slots with black-out exhaust fixtures.
Examples are adjustment by regression analysis and by standardization.
Examples are admissions procedures, the Four Year Pledge, and graduation requirements.
Examples are admonitions.
Examples are ADSL or cable provided by the major service providers.
Examples are adult elephants and some rhinoceros.
Examples are advisors, supervisors, and teachers.
Examples are aerial photographs, satellite images and engineering drawings.
Examples are aerobic training and tennis.
Examples are aeroplanes , helicopters , and airships .
Examples are aeroplanes , helicopters , and gliders .
Examples are aeroplanes and balloons.
Examples are aeroplanes, helicopters, and airships.
Examples are aeroplanes, helicopters, and gliders.
Examples are Africa , Asia , Latin America , race , gender , Europe , United States .
Examples are Africa, Middle East, East Asia, and Latin America.
Examples are age, education in years, or the number of hours of television watched each day.
Examples are agenesis of the eyelids, dermoids, entropion and corneal sequestrum.
Examples are aggression in horses, separation anxiety in dogs, and inappropriate defecation in cats.
Examples are agrarian reform and mandatory munera .
Examples are agriculture, business education, trade, industrial and technical.
Examples are air raid sirens, radiation detection equipment, and rare maps.
Examples are air, wine, and salt mixed with sand.
Examples are aircraft carriers and space shuttles.
Examples are aircraft structures and pipes.
Examples are aircraft takeoff and landing procedure s.
Examples are airline reservation and credit card transaction processing system.
Examples are airport time slots, delivery routes and furniture.
Examples are albumin, collagen, hemoglobin, and osteocalcin.
Examples are alcohlism, learning disabilities, and depression.
Examples are alerts related to allergies, drug interactions, drug-food interaction, etc.
Examples are algae, bacteria, fungi, protozoa and viruses.
Examples are alignment methods, hidden Markov model and stochastic context-free grammars.
Examples are alimony, child support, and obligations obtained through fraud.
Examples are alkali halide crystals, like sodium chloride.
Examples are alkaloids like evonine, maytoline, maytine, and hippocrateine.
Examples are all and allsys , docsys , docscan and docextr .
Examples are all over the place.
Examples are all over, only one has to find the root cause, family cleansing.
Examples are all the carboxylic acids.
Examples are all too easy to cite.
Examples are all too easy to find.
Examples are allopurinol or probenecid.
Examples are almond extract, rose water, etc.
Examples are already easy to find in Michigan.
Examples are already in place in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina and Korea.
Examples are also available below for download.
Examples are also available in the diocesan office.
Examples are also helpful here.
Examples are also important.
Examples are also to be found in the field of psychology, in human nature.
Examples are 'alternate' view and 'structure'.
Examples are altitude insomnia, alcohol-dependant sleep disorder and inadequate sleep hygiene.
Examples are always a good idea.
Examples are always helpful.
Examples are always populations of fact types.
Examples are always useful.
Examples are alyssum, petunia, and impatiens.
Examples are ammonia and caustic soda.
Examples are amoebas, diatoms, algae and protozoa.
Examples are amoxycillin, cloxacillin, most antibiotics.
Examples are ample.
Examples are an agency abbreviation or a data model abbreviation.
Examples are an extraordinarily effective means of communication.
Examples are an in-ground pool, grading plans and retaining walls no more than four feet in height.
Examples are an office strep test or throat culture or a mononucleosis blood test.
Examples are an office, store, or farm.
Examples are an overflowing toilet or drain, no heat when it's freezing outside, or a broken window.
Examples are an unexpected major problem, crisis, impending deadline.
Examples are analog and binary inputs and outputs, schedules, control loops, and alarms.
Examples are analysts, managers, accountants, designers, programmers, and so forth.
Examples are anastomoses, cannulations and transplantations of vessels and organs.
Examples are animals that eat plants or other animals.
Examples are anorexia and bulimia.
Examples are antitussive and antidiarrheal medications containing limited quantities of opioids.
Examples are antitussive and antidiarrheal meds containing limited quantities of opioids.
Examples are anti-wrinkle creams, baldness treatments, moisturisers and sunscreens.
Examples are any artwork, special, or curved type.
Examples are any repetitive application where the measurement is specific and well defined.
Examples are any wills that mention the names of slaves, census indexes, etc.
Examples are apartment buildings or a rental house.
Examples are apparent on every side.
Examples are apples, pears, quinces.
Examples are applications of the concept to problems.
Examples are applications unless noted otherwise.
Examples are aptamers, biosensors, and enzymes.
Examples are art courses, field trips, etc.
Examples are art, music, play, and drama therapy.
Examples are artistic design services, editorial services, and consultants.
Examples are as follows.
Examples are as numerous as the number of environmental organizations themselves.
Examples are as numerous as they appear superfluous.
Examples are asbestos and cigarette smoke.
Examples are asbestos, dioxin or radioactive substances.
Examples are ash, walnut, butternut, locust and hickory.
Examples are Asiatic jasmine, juniper, blue porterweed, Algerian ivy, liriope, and ferns.
Examples are aspirin , ibuprofen , and naproxen .
Examples are aspirin and motrin , alcohol and depressant , tranquilizer and painkiller .
Examples are aspirin and vitamin pills with iron.
Examples are aspirin, ibuprofen, and naproxen.
Examples are assemblies, repair parts, and accessories.
Examples are assessment and new product development teams.
Examples are assistive devices, removal of barriers, or job restructuring.
Examples are associative processor, caching, co-processor, multiple functional units, pipelining.
Examples are astrology, palmistry, and phrenology.
Examples are astronomy, physics, chemistry, zoology, botany and mineralogy.
Examples are astronomy, skiing, wildlife, and so on.
Examples are at the bottom of the page.
Examples are athletic scholarships, participant payments, and departmental scholarships.
Examples are atoms and molecules.
Examples are atropine, caffeine, coniine, morphine, nicotine, quinine, strychnine.
Examples are attitude scales and opinion scales.
Examples are attributes and relations, most notably for expressing the inheritance relation.
Examples are auto accidents, slip and falls, falling objects, dog bites.
Examples are automobile emission control devices and sewage treatment plants.
Examples are automobiles and paper stocks.
Examples are automobiles, boats, business furniture, fixtures and airplanes.
Examples are automobiles, home furnishings, and appliances.
Examples are automobiles, ships, and aeroplanes.
Examples are available as well as a parameter listing.
Examples are available by way of illustration of the general principles outlined here.
Examples are available everywhere.
Examples are available for bees, cockroaches, crayfish, molluscs, and snails.
Examples are available for browsing.
Examples are available for download in each tutorial.
Examples are available for reference.
Examples are available for viewing.
Examples are available from every continent on earth.
Examples are available from the program's control panel.
Examples are available here .
Examples are available in abundance.
Examples are available in the office.
Examples are available on almost any platform, with both command-line and graphical interfaces.
Examples are available on our tech support page.
Examples are available on the course website.
Examples are available on the GWFstats home page .
Examples are available on-line by clicking the link.
Examples are available upon request.
Examples are available.
Examples are avenues, field roads, stone walls and open ditches.
Examples are avionics and navigation.
Examples are avocado, wheat, barrel medic.
Examples are awards, projects, and period.
Examples are baby carrots with fat free salad dressing to use as a dip.
Examples are baby shower related as well.
Examples are baby-sitters, domestic workers, store clerks.
Examples are Bacillus thuringiensis var.
Examples are bacteria and blue-green algae.
Examples are bacteria, mushroom, vultures etc.
Examples are bacteria, viruses, and many plants and lower animals.
Examples are bacteria, viruses, toxins, cancer cells, and blood or tissues from another person.
Examples are balloons and airships .
Examples are balloons and airships.
Examples are bananas and avocados.
Examples are bank accounts, accounts receivable, inventories, etc.
Examples are bank accounts, marketable securities and treasury bills.
Examples are barbiturates and preparations containing small quantities of codeine.
Examples are bark, grass, spindle twist, seed coat fragments, dust, and oil.
Examples are baseball, wrestling, and basketball for for the girls and boys.
Examples are Basque and Friesian.
Examples are bass, perch, pike, and pickerel.
Examples are batch systems.
Examples are bats and cavers.
Examples are bays and lagoons.
Examples are bays, estuaries, streams, reservoirs, and lakes.
Examples are beans on toast or muesli.
Examples are beans, peas, and lentils.
Examples are beans, squash, peas, and tomatoes.
Examples are beef liver catalase and human erythrocyte catalase.
Examples are Belgian endive, bitter melon, radicchio, cilantro, daikon and tomatillo.
Examples are below, select a picture for a larger photo.
Examples are below.
Examples are belts, combs, pencils, files, compasses, and metal hair rakes.
Examples are benches, lighting, enclosed or covered transit stops.
Examples are benchmark surveys, performance tweaks, overclocking information, FAQs, etc.
Examples are benzene and trichloroethylene.
Examples are benzene, toluene and xylene.
Examples are best products, catalog contents, petroleum laws around the world and human resources.
Examples are bibliographies, indexes, and abstracts.
Examples are bicycles and clocks .
Examples are bicycles and clocks.
Examples are bicycles and skateboards.
Examples are bicycles, cars, motorcycles, and trains.
Examples are biogenic amines, amino acids, peptides, and other bioactive molecules.
Examples are biological sciences, chemistry, physics, and ethics.
Examples are biophysical or geophysical parameters, features of anthropogenic origin, etc.
Examples are biotechnology, gold, banking, wireless, etc.
Examples are bits of mashed banana, pieces of seedless melon, green peas and chopped cucumber.
Examples are black fronted bush shrike, rameron pigeon and swynertons robin.
Examples are black locust, black oak, and multiflora rose.
Examples are black locust, pears, cherries, blackberries, and aspen.
Examples are blue and orange, red and green, yellow and blue, or red and blue.
Examples are blue crabs caught in shrimp trawls or sharks caught on a tuna longline.
Examples are blue crabs caught in the shrimp trawls or sharks caught on a tuna longline.
Examples are blue, happy, big, and beautiful.
Examples are blueberry and heather.
Examples are bluegill sunfish, whitefish, German carp, and channel catfish.
Examples are board, lodging, and meals.
Examples are boats, ships, and submarines.
Examples are body weight, height, or shape, reproductive rate, and various behaviour traits.
Examples are bone marrow cells and the cells lining the gastrointestinal tract.
Examples are bones, teeth, pearls, shells etc.
Examples are booby traps, unsafe structural members, poor lighting, fire exposures, and animals.
Examples are both from news stories and from everyday examples in school.
Examples are both from news stories and from everyday examples in schools.
Examples are botulinum toxin and ricin.
Examples are boundless.
Examples are brain and plant tissue, DNA probes, organic polymers, and drug compounds.
Examples are brain tumors, anneurysms, infections, and neuralgias.
Examples are brain tumors.
Examples are branch and bound and implicit enumeration .
Examples are bread, cake, cereal, spaghetti, beer and whiskey.
Examples are bread, potatoes, pastries, candy, rice, spaghetti, fruits, and vegetables.
Examples are breads, cereals, beans, pasta, etc.
Examples are breads, crackers, rice, mashed potatoes, and noodles.
Examples are brick, concrete, china and pottery, glass.
Examples are bridge br, thumb th, boat oa, teeth ee, etc.
Examples are bridge construction, channel straightening, and wetland draining.
Examples are Britain, Italy, and Spain.
Examples are broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower and brussels sprouts.
Examples are broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower and Brussels sprouts.
Examples are brochures, annual reports, menus, posters and newsletters.
Examples are brochures, direct-mail schedules, and the college catalog.
Examples are brokerage, and venture capital firms, investment banking houses.
Examples are brown rice, millet, barley, and teff.
Examples are buccal ridges, incisal ridges, marginal ridges, and so on.
Examples are buckwheat, corn and wheat.
Examples are bugs, lice, white ants, moths, insects in wheat, grains, and centipedes, etc.
Examples are buildings with employment offices, credit unions, or medical departments.
Examples are buildings, equipment, inventory and cash.
Examples are buildings, roads, driveways, parking lots, decks, swimming pools, or patios.
Examples are buildings, vehicles, equipment, furniture, computers, etc.
Examples are Bulgaria, Hungary, Poland.
Examples are bulk fertilizer sales and gasoline sales.
Examples are bull thistle, mullein and tumble mustard.
Examples are bus stop shelters, storage yard lighting, rail signals, and cell phone transmitters.
Examples are business, biology, chemistry, social sciences, psychology, and physics.
Examples are bussers, service bartenders, and cooks.
Examples are butchers, egg processing, plant workers, cheese processing workers.
Examples are butter, whale blubber, suet, lard , etc.
Examples are cabbage, cucumber, avocado, zucchini squash and lettuce.
Examples are cabbage, cucumber, avocado, zucchini squash, and lettuce.
Examples are cabinets, countertops, shelving, display boards, fume hoods, etc.
Examples are cable reelers used in bomb disposal robots and materials handling systems.
Examples are cacti, jade plants and agaves.
Examples are cake batter, gravy, and soups.
Examples are caladium and impatiens.
Examples are calcium chloride and sodium hydroxide.
Examples are calcium-enriched cottage cheese and milk.
Examples are calendars, paperweights, and pens used in advertisements by an organization.
Examples are calendula, cornflower, larkspur, portulaca, and spiderflower.
Examples are calla lily and amaryllis.
Examples are camera parts, valves, plastic gears and linkages in aerospace service.
Examples are canals where the flow changes are gradual.
Examples are candy or hamburgers.
Examples are canine handler and tactical team member.
Examples are canned food drives, a school recycling program, or a community beautification program.
Examples are canned vegetables, soups, boxed cereal, dried rice, beans, coffee and fruits.
Examples are canola, corn, olive, peanut, safflower, sesame, soybean, and sunflower oils.
Examples are canonical coordinate analysis and principal components analysis.
Examples are caps, tee shirts, perishables, arts and crafts, books, and flowers.
Examples are carbamazepine and gabapentin .
Examples are carbamazepine and gabapentin.
Examples are carbon dioxide, chlorofluorocarbons, ozone, methane, water vapor, and nitrous oxide.
Examples are carbon monoxide or cyanide poisoning.
Examples are carbon, hepa.
Examples are cardiology, anesthesiology, transgenics.
Examples are cardstream, multicards, ccslide.
Examples are carefully explained, they contain excellent code analysis and efficiency guidelines.
Examples are carpenters or electricians who work for themselves.
Examples are carpentry and work with heating and cooling systems.
Examples are cars used as rentals, fleet leases, taxis and police cars.
Examples are cars with nontinted windows or rooms with large window areas.
Examples are cars, computers, or other equipment which are for lease.
Examples are carts and chariots.
Examples are cascara and senna.
Examples are case studies or success stories, how-to and technical pieces.
Examples are cash, money on deposit with a bank, and on-demand loans.
Examples are cashiers, computer programmers, insurance underwriters, and planners.
Examples are casual mountain and cross bike riders who normally ride in a fairly upright position.
Examples are cat box litter, disposable diapers, coffee grounds, sanitary napkins and paper towels.
Examples are catecholamines and compounds found in the mitochondrial electron-transport chain.
Examples are caterpillars, beetles and grasshoppers.
Examples are cats with gingivitis-stomatitis, or dogs with ulcerative stomatitis.
Examples are cattails, bulrushes, arrowhead and spatterdock.
Examples are causality, substance, ontology , time , and reality.
Examples are cave explorers, laboratory workers, ornithologists, forest rangers or taxidermists.
Examples are caves, springs, glades and savannas.
Examples are caves, twisting tunnels, overhangs, land-bridges, archways.
Examples are cefotaxime, ceftriaxone, ceftazidime, aztreonam and cefpodoxime.
Examples are celery, strawberry, oats, wheat, apple, broccoli, spinach, and tomato.
Examples are cell phones, laptops, pda's, home office set ups, etc.
Examples are centrifugal and Coriolis forces.
Examples are centrioles and basal bodies.
Examples are ceramics, drawing, painting, sculpture, printmaking.
Examples are cereal straws and dry pasture residues.
Examples are cereal, breads, crackers, rice, mashed potatoes, and noodles.
Examples are cereal, cracker, cake mix and flour boxes.
Examples are cereals, breads, crackers, rice, mashed potatoes and noodles.
Examples are cerebral palsy, poliomyelitis, muscular dystrophy, spina bifida, spinal cord injury.
Examples are certain cyanides or sulfide-bearing wastes.
Examples are certain paint wastes and degreasers.
Examples are certain types of epidemics, forest fires, and processes in the brain.
Examples are certificates, pins, celebrations, candy, ribbons, and recognition programs.
Examples are 'ch', 'sh', 'tr', 'ck', to list a few.
Examples are chain letters, airplane clubs, and giving clubs.
Examples are change a flat tire, change the oil, check the gasoline gauge, check the blinker, etc.
Examples are change and family values .
Examples are change, cycle, energy, system.
Examples are changes in incident base or directions, or a call for more volunteers.
Examples are channels, pipes, ditches, swales, catch basins, and street gutters.
Examples are chaos and fractals, topology, complex variables, game theory.
Examples are chapter titles, paragraphs, block quotes, and the like.
Examples are chapters of books, articles from serials, appendices, etc.
Examples are charcoal, salt, poison ivy, snake poisons, etc.
Examples are chargers for cell phones, digital cameras, and power tools .
Examples are charts, illustrations, graphs, tables, etc.
Examples are checks, receipts, meal tickets, and licenses.
Examples are chemical equilibrium processes, kinetic analysis, and radio stereometry.
Examples are chemical etching processes or low pressure processes.
Examples are chemical plant control or robotic control.
Examples are chemical supplies, salaries for research assistants, and travel for grant purposes.
Examples are chemical waves, combustion, fronts in nerves, etc.
Examples are chestnut blight, white pine blister rust, and Dutch elm disease.
Examples are chickenpox and influenza .
Examples are chiefly in traditional style.
Examples are child care and environmental issues.
Examples are child day care facilities and food establishments.
Examples are child molesters and kidnappers.
Examples are child pornography, threats against people, racist material etc.
Examples are child, hill, and eye.
Examples are children , disabled people , or the elderly .
Examples are children, disabled people, or the elderly.
Examples are Chile and Peru.
Examples are Chinese medicine, media and entertainment.
Examples are Chinese women's restricted access to become a communist party membership.
Examples are chipped wood, heather, peat, bark, etc.
Examples are chips from lumber production and hog fuel from any wood processing operation.
Examples are chips, cookies, candy, and soft drinks.
Examples are cholera, salmonellosis and typhoid.
Examples are chops, leg, and roast.
Examples are chops, loin roast, boston butt, cutlets.
Examples are chromic acid, concentrated nitric acid, and potassium permanganate.
Examples are chronologies, electronic and Internet databases, dictionaries, almanacs, and yearbooks.
Examples are churches and nightclubs.
Examples are circulation, acquisitions, and cataloguing.
Examples are circumcision, the Sabbath Day, the sacrifices, the Passover.
Examples are citral, geraniol, and menthol.
Examples are citric acid, tartaric acid, lactic acid and malic acid.
Examples are citronella candles and sprays made from onion, garlic or citrus.
Examples are citrus fruits and juices, tomatoes, potatoes, and green peppers.
Examples are clams and oysters.
Examples are clams, crayfish, and a wide variety of worms.
Examples are classical problems like the cigarette smokers and the bakery.
Examples are clear and brief.
Examples are clear and comprehensive.
Examples are clear and pertinent.
Examples are clear and useful.
Examples are clear, the action is engaging, and the information is carefully presented.
Examples are clear.
Examples are clearer than definitions.
Examples are clerical, legal and janitorial services and supplies.
Examples are clothing and shelter.
Examples are clothing and supply.
Examples are clothing and textiles and information technology.
Examples are clothing, vacations, gifts, and personal spending money.
Examples are clubs, churches, part time jobs, and volunteer work.
Examples are clubs, knives, mace, etc.
Examples are coal and limestone.
Examples are coal and oil, which have energy potential that is released upon combustion.
Examples are coal suspensions, latex paint, and printer's ink.
Examples are coal, oil and natural gas.
Examples are coal, oil, and natural gas.
Examples are coffee, tin, sugar, wool, rubber, silver and cocoa.
Examples are coffee-powder, grains, and sand on the beach or in deserts.
Examples are collagen , keratin and tropomyosin .
Examples are collagen, elastin, fibroin, and keratin.
Examples are collections of photographs, newspapers, manuscripts, letters and diaries.
Examples are collector items, rare books, art work, unique items, etc.
Examples are color, density, and hardness.
Examples are color-coded and boldfaced for easier understanding.
Examples are colors, weight, motion.
Examples are columns, invited articles, award lectures, and keynote speeches.
Examples are combat, domestic violence or sexual assault.
Examples are combustion, liquification of oils, and refrigeration.
Examples are command languages, query languages, and question answer dialogues.
Examples are commendations and continuing education certificates.
Examples are commercial airlines, instrument rated flights and agriculture planes.
Examples are common centroid, symmetrical structures.
Examples are common in the lily family, the palms, and numerous others.
Examples are communism, fascism and some varieties of nationalism.
Examples are community garden planning and implementation and public garden design.
Examples are community website support and photo gallery maintenance.
Examples are comp.viruses and bit.listserv.nettrain .
Examples are components for fast switching applications and peripheral chips in the port units.
Examples are computer hard disks, floppy disks, magnetic tapes, or ZIP disks.
Examples are computer science, economics, physics, biology, psychology, to name a few.
Examples are computer skills for problem solving, and basic literacy in science and engineering.
Examples are computer software development and financial services.
Examples are computer terminals, tall bookcases, file cabinets, and lockers.
Examples are computer training for older adults or food drives.
Examples are computers and telephones .
Examples are computers and telephones.
Examples are computers and the arts, scientific illustration, arts management and arts education.
Examples are computers, oscilloscopes, machine tools, and zirconium.
Examples are concentrated fruit juice and laundry detergent.
Examples are concentrated fruit juice, laundry detergent, fabric softener and window cleaner.
Examples are concentrated fruit juice, laundry detergent, fabric softener, and window cleaner.
Examples are concepts of a circle, proportions, or evaporation.
Examples are concepts of love, democracy, or politeness.
Examples are conches and whelks.
Examples are concrete.
Examples are coneflowers, zinnias, marigolds, cosmos, black-eyed susans, and asters.
Examples are confidentiality, listening to and respecting differing viewpoints, coming on time, etc.
Examples are conjugated carbonyl compounds conjugated dienes , and polyenes .
Examples are conjugated carbonyl compounds conjugated dienes, and polyenes.
Examples are construction or renovation projects, equipment, or endowment in any number of areas.
Examples are construction work, welding, electrical work, etc.
Examples are consultant services, publications and lectures.
Examples are consultants and freelance professionals.
Examples are consumer items such as chairs, automobile parts and aircraft components.
Examples are contact dermatitis, skin cancer and infections.
Examples are contemporary settlements, sacred religious sites, and massive geological structures.
Examples are continuous sliding formwork, tunneling, track laying and so on.
Examples are conversion disorder, factitious disorder, and somatization disorder.
Examples are conversion of a classroom to office space by partitioning, up-dating a laboratory, etc.
Examples are cookies, cereals, etc.
Examples are cookies, fruit or crackers.
Examples are copies of diplomas and official transcripts.
Examples are copper, aluminum, coal, and oil.
Examples are copy, paste, lowercase, uppercase, and email lookup.
Examples are corporate and government bonds and mortgages.
Examples are corporate names, personal names, topical subjects, genres, and geographic names.
Examples are cosmetic dentistry and complex fixed prosthodontics.
Examples are costs of materials, direct labor, tools, and machinery.
Examples are cotton, soybeans, raw milk, fish, calves and other animals.
Examples are cotton, soybeans, raw milk, fish, calves, and other animals.
Examples are counselors, social workers, county extension agents and clergy.
Examples are count, odd, or times.
Examples are counters, forms, hover buttons, cascading style sheets, and some other features.
Examples are country or region of origin, level of study, gender, discipline, receiving region, etc.
Examples are course work, syllabi, committee minutes, student organization home pages.
Examples are courses taught, demographic data, and transcript records.
Examples are court filing fees and paying court reporters for deposition transcription services.
Examples are cows, woodpecker scalps, cigarettes, etc.
Examples are crabgrass, knotweed, and prostrate spurge.
Examples are crabs, lobsters and woodlice.
Examples are crayfish, duckweed, and eels,etc.
Examples are creak, groan, shriek, purr, snap, smack, grunt.
Examples are creationism, astrology, belief crystal power, reincarnation, etc.
Examples are credit card companies, insurance companies, and pension funds.
Examples are crepe, silk noil, fine-wale corduroy, cotton flannel, and crinkle rayon.
Examples are crocus and gladiolus.
Examples are crops such as maize, potatoes, soybeans, tomatoes and oilseeds.
Examples are cross-cultural, contemporary, and historical.
Examples are cross-linked files, or orphans.
Examples are crosswords and mazes.
Examples are crucial in philosophical discussions.
Examples are cruises, ski trips, etc.
Examples are crystallization, and leaching of minerals in mining applications.
Examples are curtain boom and fence boom.
Examples are custom welding and hoof trimming.
Examples are customer loyalty, goodwill, reputation, and trademarks.
Examples are customer spending pattern and airline seat utilization systems.
Examples are cyanide compounds, styrene.
Examples are cybercafes .
Examples are cycle paint, z picture paint, filter paint, or smear paint.
Examples are cyclones, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, typhoons, and volcanic eruptions.
Examples are cyclotrons, betatrons, electron linear accelerators and potential drop accelerators.
Examples are cypress and pines.
Examples are daisies, sunflowers, mums and desert marigolds.
Examples are dalda, kusum, rath etc.
Examples are damage from fire, theft, flood, riot, etc.
Examples are dancers, singers, architects, clothing designers, artists, and radio announcers.
Examples are dandelion leaves or carrot-tops.
Examples are dandelion, narrow-leaved hawk's beard and foxtail barley.
Examples are databases about casting defects, design rules or physic variables and so on.
Examples are databases on dissertations and professional society s annual meetings.
Examples are days of the week or months of the year.
Examples are deadlock-freedom, liveness and termination.
Examples are decanters, and disk nozzle centrifuges.
Examples are declarations, initialization, input, process and output.
Examples are decorations, design, mathematical construction, modern paintings.
Examples are decorrelations, which usually give diagonal matrices with identical elements.
Examples are deep sinks, and galley and weather deck washdown faucets.
Examples are deer eating shrub leaves, rabbits eating carrots or worms eating grass.
Examples are deer eating shrub leaves, rabbits eating carrots, or worms eating grass.
Examples are defective light bulbs or departmental moves.
Examples are defective light bulbs, broken windows or rooms too warm or cold.
Examples are deflated turnover and physical measures of a traded good or service.
Examples are density, pressure, temperature, color.
Examples are dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and psychologists.
Examples are departmental offices, faculty offices, copier rooms, conference rooms, and classrooms.
Examples are depicted below.
Examples are designs of sequence detectors, counters, shift registers.
Examples are desks, computers, file cabinets, chairs.
Examples are detail prior year actuals and budget, and future budgets.
Examples are details of the goods or services supplied, licence issued, agreemtns and contracts.
Examples are dew, fog, iceberg, rain, etc.
Examples are dictionaries, encyclopedias, directories, almanacs, etc.
Examples are diltiazem, verapamil, nifedipine, and amlodipine.
Examples are dinosaur bones, shells of marine organisms, plant impressions, etc.
Examples are discharges during well drilling or dewatering during construction.
Examples are discharges from factories into a river through a pipe, ditch, or tunnel.
Examples are discrete controllers, friction, impact, ideal diodes, ideal thyristors, phase changes.
Examples are disease, predator and prey relationships, weather, pollution, and habitat destruction.
Examples are dishwashers, mechanics, farmhands, and service counter staff.
Examples are disk , printer , and tape .
Examples are disk drives, video monitors, keyboards and printing devices.
Examples are dismissal, acquittal, or conviction.
Examples are dissertations, scholarly articles, and speeches.
Examples are distributions in grain size, shape, or lattice orientation for individual minerals.
Examples are diurnal changes in temperature, dewpoint, wind, and pressure.
Examples are diurnal cycles, seasonal cycles, and annual cycles.
Examples are dividends, interest, rents, etc. earned from stocks, bonds and rental property.
Examples are doctors, engineers, accountants.
Examples are dogs, cattle and horses.
Examples are dome hockey, skee ball, and coin-operated carnival games.
Examples are dowel pins.
Examples are dowels, screen wire, cellophane, and string.
Examples are drawings of a computer monitor prototype, radio, phones, and shoes.
Examples are drawings, statistics and other supporting material.
Examples are drawn from the flora of the entire world.
Examples are dried fruits and beef jerky.
Examples are drugs used to treat high blood pressure, sedatives, tranquilizers, and pain pills.
Examples are drunkenness laws drink-driving limits.
Examples are dry cleaners, jewelers, repairers.
Examples are dry ice, moth crystals, ice cubes, water, and rubbing alcohol.
Examples are dry toast with jelly or cornflakes with skim milk.
Examples are dual degrees with Geography, French and German.
Examples are dual employment, summer pay, and pay adjustments.
Examples are dust, aerosols, ash, smoke, fumes viruses and bacteria.
Examples are dusts, fumes, smokes, mists, and fogs.
Examples are dutchman's pipe and stapelia.
Examples are each, box, dozen, case, etc.
Examples are early planting or harvest, moderate nitrogen fertilizer, and low plant population.
Examples are earthquake seismograms, climate records, temperature records, etc.
Examples are earthquakes, hurricanes, droughts and flooding.
Examples are easy to construct.
Examples are easy to find.
Examples are economic crime, trans-national crime and in some countries even contract killings.
Examples are economics, art, psychology, history, sociology, women s studies and communication.
Examples are economics, art, psychology, history, sociology, women's studies and communication.
Examples are economics, political science, law and sociology.
Examples are edges of tree lines, weed lines, and the edges of a drop-off.
Examples are editorial calendar information and driving instructions to specific office sites.
Examples are education and legislative issues, health care policy, research, etc.
Examples are education benefits, overpayments, medical expenses and reimbursements, etc.
Examples are education, physical applications, computer applications, pure math, and social studies.
Examples are educational hypermedia, on-line help, and information retrieval systems.
Examples are educational, occupational, public and personal settings.
Examples are egg, wheat, peanuts, fish, and milk.
Examples are elastane and elastodiene yarns.
Examples are electric power grids, and municipal water and waste water systems.
Examples are electrical appliances , such as light bulbs , electric motors , and electric heaters .
Examples are electricity, gas, telephone, and water.
Examples are electricity, telephone, cable television, and solid waste.
Examples are electromagnetic radiation, thermal and thermodynamic properties of materials, etc.
Examples are elevators, grain augers, and silage blowers.
Examples are emacs, bash,and perl.
Examples are email addresses or certification numbers.
Examples are embezzlement, perjury, robbery, and crimes of larceny.
Examples are emblems, musical types, mathematical signs.
Examples are employee number, first name, and price.
Examples are encephalopsins in the brain, and pinopsin in the pineal gland.
Examples are encyclopedias, bibliographies, handbooks, guides, almanacs, and factbooks.
Examples are encyclopedias, literary and film criticism collections, and topical handbooks.
Examples are end stage cirrhosis and severe prolonged malnutrition.
Examples are endless but include things like knee injuries, back injuries, heart ailments, etc.
Examples are endless.
Examples are endostain and angiostain.
Examples are energy released by fission and fusion.
Examples are engineers, chemists, technicians and computer programmers.
Examples are engineers, chemists, technicians, printers, and computer programmers.
Examples are English, French, German, Spanish and Italian.
Examples are enterprise budgets and proceedings of conferences and symposia.
Examples are environmental and hazardous items.
Examples are enzymes, transport proteins, antibodies, and virus coat proteins such as neuraminidase.
Examples are equipment operators, maintenance mechanics, and automotive repair workers.
Examples are especially helpful.
Examples are essential but by no means sufficient.
Examples are essential oils, oleoresins, extracts and distillates.
Examples are etanercept and infliximab.
Examples are ethylene and propylene.
Examples are everywhere - in newspapers, magazines, packages, displays, film, and television.
Examples are everywhere of similar name changes.
Examples are everywhere.
Examples are examples.
Examples are excavation and artificial reefs.
Examples are excessive environmental noise and excessive crowding around the animal.
Examples are exclusive of tax, broker commissions, and margin considerations.
Examples are exercises, role plays, simulations, and projects.
Examples are exhaust ducts and fans, waste chemical plumbing, and gas lines.
Examples are exhibitions and television programs .
Examples are extra large or very small rings.
Examples are extreme conductor metal purity and characteristic impedance.
Examples are extreme metal purity, dielectric material and characteristic impedance.
Examples are eyelid surgery or some nasal reconstructions.
Examples are factory demos for procurements.
Examples are factory visits or external research contracts by staff.
Examples are faculty clubs and faculty housing.
Examples are fair in both number and detail.
Examples are fallen trees, steep drop-offs, falling limbs and trees, fences, and swift streams.
Examples are familial hypercholesterolemia and cystic fibrosis.
Examples are family group conferencing and one stop youth justice ce ntres.
Examples are family violence, crisis negotiation.
Examples are fancy 'teapots', 'jugs', and plates.
Examples are farmers, construction workers, and others who work under hot conditions.
Examples are farmers, farm managers, soil scientists, foresters and commercial fishermen.
Examples are fashion design and local theatre productions.
Examples are fat sacks, waterbed mattresses or plastic gas tanks.
Examples are fats, oils, waxes, and steroids.
Examples are fax machines, scanners, and certain models of printers.
Examples are fear of snakes, fear of flying, or fear of closed spaces.
Examples are fences, outdoor benches, yard lighting, and signs.
Examples are fences, pools, and re-roofs.
Examples are ferns and mosses.
Examples are ferromagnetic materials and biological media with temperature-dependent properties.
Examples are fertilization, pollination and spawning.
Examples are fertilizer or grain storage warehouses.
Examples are few and far between in Africa where women are still often treated as minors.
Examples are few here, as are problems.
Examples are field trips to conservation areas or farm properties.
Examples are file space, terminal, and maybe memory.
Examples are filopodia, lamellipodia and blebs.
Examples are final design, closure, and operating plans and financial assurance documents.
Examples are financial data, demographic data, and logfiles.
Examples are fingerprint scanning, facial recognition, palm geometry, and voice recognition.
Examples are fire bird, and fire ignite.
Examples are fire fighting, spill response, or sedimentation of aquatic habitats.
Examples are fire or flood.
Examples are fire stations, streets, water and sewer lines, etc.
Examples are fire, smoke or noxious odors.
Examples are fires, hurricanes, tornadoes, droughts, and floods.
Examples are fireworks, fire, water falls, etc.
Examples are fish or blueberry processing wastes.
Examples are fishery management agencies and tourism management agencies.
Examples are fishnet or sheer blouses over or under tank tops.
Examples are fixed wing tricycle vs fixed wing taildragger vs trike .
Examples are flames, blaze, lightening, forest fire, hot ash, etc.
Examples are flammability and resistance to corrosion.
Examples are flight training, field trips, summer abroad programs, etc.
Examples are floods, lightning, and earthquakes.
Examples are floods, storms, fires, earthquakes, and auto accidents.
Examples are flounder , sole , turbot , plaice , and halibut .
Examples are flower color and dwarfing genes.
Examples are flower pigments and scents or stabilizing elements.
Examples are flow-induced vibrations, cavitation, erosion and thermal fatigue.
Examples are foil, freezer bags and freezer paper.
Examples are food colorings, preservatives, bleaching agents, thickeners, and anti- caking agents.
Examples are food service, bookstores, laundry, telephone service and vending machines.
Examples are food services, bookstores, intercollegiate athletics, and college parking.
Examples are food services, residential facilities, and laundries.
Examples are food, drink, and health.
Examples are foods high in sugar or fat like soft drinks or candy bars.
Examples are for an innocent murmur , palpitations , chest pain , or fainting.
Examples are for illustration only.
Examples are for New York.
Examples are force velocity and, in electromagnetism, electric and magnetic fields.
Examples are forces of gravity and electrical forces between point charges.
Examples are forests, rangelands, extensive waterways and irrigation systems.
Examples are forgery, fraud, missing heirs outstanding dower interest, etc.
Examples are formaldehyde and glutaraldehyde.
Examples are formaldehyde and some deodorant soaps.
Examples are forms, guestbooks and server-push graphics.
Examples are forms, tables, frames, images or text.
Examples are found in Poland and the former Soviet Union.
Examples are found in protozoa and bacteria.
Examples are found in Spain, North Africa, Armenia, Iran, France, and Italy.
Examples are foundry occupations, machining occupations, printing occupations, and assemblers.
Examples are frames and tables.
Examples are fraud debt and obligations for wilful and malicious injuries.
Examples are freons and sodium bicarbonate.
Examples are frequent and usually well discussed, with each line numbered.
Examples are freshman composition, calculus and biology.
Examples are friction and viscosity.
Examples are from capstone courses in mathematics, English, and political science.
Examples are from industrial case studies.
Examples are from manufacturing, energy, biochemistry, military, and modern chemical science.
Examples are from natural populations, laboratory experiments, and simulation studies.
Examples are from pre-service and practicing teacher at all levels.
Examples are fruit jams that have been heated or chocolate thinned with melted vegetable shortening.
Examples are fruits and vegetables, fish, eggs, pasta, grains, nuts, coffee.
Examples are fruits, fruit juices, spices, herbs, cheese and vinegar.
Examples are fuel taxes, environmental taxes, communications and air transportation taxes.
Examples are full body torso models, animal specimens, etc.
Examples are full names or phrases.
Examples are funds received for scholarship grants or stipend awards.
Examples are fungi and bacteria.
Examples are fungi, like mushrooms, and bacteria.
Examples are furniture, appliances, cars, and college or education.
Examples are furniture, draperies, and lawn equipment.
Examples are furniture, office machines, cameras, and sound equipment.
Examples are futures and options .
Examples are fvwm, window maker, kde, enlightment.
Examples are galaxies and solar systems.
Examples are games such as Jeopardy, Monopoly, etc.
Examples are games, video online, etc.
Examples are gamma rays and neutrons.
Examples are garage sales, outdoor food festivals, dances, sporting events, camping, and carnivals.
Examples are garages, carports, pergolas, reroofing, recladding, etc.
Examples are gas, movies, food, insurance, clothing, on-line fees and so forth.
Examples are gases, tissue culture media, key chemicals, plastic ware, and radioisotopes.
Examples are GDP and unemployment.
Examples are general, state, or federal appropriation accounts.
Examples are generosity , self-sacrifice , worship and the use of sex for pleasure .
Examples are generosity, self-sacrifice, worship and the use of sex for pleasure.
Examples are gentamicin, heparin, lidocaine or other local anaesthetics used by dentists.
Examples are geographers, political scientists, sociologists and historians.
Examples are geographers, political scientists, sociologists, and historians.
Examples are geographically widespread and numerous.
Examples are geotechnics and soil mechanics, hydrology and groundwater geology, etc.
Examples are gerontology, medical ethics, transplants and implants and genetic engineering.
Examples are get up , turn about , and take down .
Examples are gift wrapping, boxing, skin wrapping etc.
Examples are glass, porcelain, plastic, and dry wood.
Examples are gliders and balloons .
Examples are gliders and balloons.
Examples are gluconic acid and glucuronic acid.
Examples are glucose and chlorophyll.
Examples are glucose, fructose, and ribose.
Examples are glycerol or propylene glycol, which is related to active ingredients in antifreeze.
Examples are glycogen, starch, and cellulose.
Examples are golf balls, high-speed trains, hydrofoil ships, or tall buildings in the wind.
Examples are gonadotropins and gonadotropin releasing hormone.
Examples are gonorrhea and salmonellosis .
Examples are good.
Examples are government agencies who are bound by public procurement policies.
Examples are grain , vegetables , or fruit .
Examples are grain, vegetables, or fruit.
Examples are granite and basalt.
Examples are granite, schist, limestone, basalt, tuff, and many others.
Examples are grant competitions for course improvement dollars, start up funding for teaching.
Examples are grape, cherry and watermelon flavors.
Examples are graphical user interfaces and relational database management systems.
Examples are grasses, tobacco, oaks, maples, and poison ivy.
Examples are grasshoppers, mice, rabbits, deer, beavers, moose, cows, sheep, goats and groundhogs.
Examples are gravitional, electrical, and magnetic forces.
Examples are great.
Examples are ground level ozone and carbon monoxide.
Examples are groundwater , surface water , subsurface soil , and leachate .
Examples are guest lecturers, studio crits, visiting professors, etc.
Examples are gym bags, umbrellas, ties and bathrobes.
Examples are gypsophila, heath, statice, asparagus fern and pom pom chrysanthemums.
Examples are haemoglobin and myoglobin, and the cytochroms c from various species.
Examples are hail damage or weather loss resulting from a delayed harvest.
Examples are hair dryers, steam irons, toothbrushes or small fans.
Examples are hammers, lawnmowers, audiovisual production material and books.
Examples are happily, slowly, loudly, and soon.
Examples are harassment, intimidation and discrimination.
Examples are hard to come by in our day.
Examples are hayfever, allergic asthma, food allergy, drug allergy, and infantile eczema.
Examples are hazardous material prohibitions, and trucks over a certain weight or number of axles.
Examples are headaches , nausea , rash , constipation , blurred vision and others .
Examples are headaches from muscle tension, stress and injury.
Examples are headaches, nausea, rash, constipation, blurred vision and others.
Examples are headers, pillow boxes, and bag boxes.
Examples are headlines, cutlines, photos, illustrations, graphics and page layouts.
Examples are health expenditure per capita, or education expenditure per child.
Examples are health service management, cancer therapy, infectious diseases and clinical pharmacy.
Examples are health service projects and community service programs.
Examples are health, intelligence, physical talents, etc.
Examples are heat, work and energy, which are mutually related by the first law of ther modynamics.
Examples are heated offices, ovens, or processes.
Examples are heavy metals.
Examples are helium, argon, krypton, xenon and radon.
Examples are helpful in making clear the distinction between ministerial and discretionary acts.
Examples are helpful in order to clarify one s counterargument.
Examples are helpful in understanding the rules.
Examples are heme and chlorophyll found in hemoglobin and green plants, respectively.
Examples are heparin, interferon, insulin.
Examples are herbal preparations, massage therapy, acupuncture, and chiropractic care.
Examples are herbal teas such as chamomile and herbs such as marjoram and lemon balm.
Examples are here .
Examples are here.
Examples are heritage landscape and main street programs.
Examples are hiccup and whooping cough .
Examples are high pressure tactics to sell cars and telemarketing.
Examples are highly technical phrases, expert opinions, and ideas that are aptly phrased.
Examples are hilltops and flats, where infection is unlikely to come down with water drainage.
Examples are historical dates and established scientific principles.
Examples are holidays, vacation days, and sick days.
Examples are holy water , many blessings, and the rosary .
Examples are home equity loans, and credit union loans on an automobile.
Examples are home mortgages and auto loans.
Examples are home offices, accountants, attorneys, secretarial services.
Examples are homeostatic processes in organisms, and ritual in socio-cultural systems.
Examples are homes, businesses, and temples.
Examples are honey, jellies, maple syrup and sweetened condensed milk.
Examples are hops, bounds, box jumping, and depth jumps.
Examples are hormones , enzymes , and antibodies.
Examples are hormones, enzymes, and antibodies.
Examples are horrible web design.
Examples are horseradish, peanut and barley peroxidases.
Examples are horses used in ranch work, roping, cutting, jumping, etc.
Examples are horses used in Western and English pleasure, bridle path hack, equitation, etc.
Examples are horses used in Western and English pleasure, bridle path hack,equitation, etc.
Examples are hospitals, nursing homes, and colleges or universities that have dormitories.
Examples are hot dogs, bacon, smoked sausage and ham.
Examples are housing, meals, books, supplies, transportation, clothing, and other personal expenses.
Examples are housing, salaries, perks, professional, and social community enhancements.
Examples are how did the student perform, learn new skills, change an opinion or preference at work.
Examples are HTML editors and multimedia tools.
Examples are human beings, cow, lions, fish, birds, etc.
Examples are human beings, plants, animals etc.
Examples are humans, rats, crabs and many carnivores.
Examples are husband and wife who are both amateurs, or parents with children who are also amateurs.
Examples are hydrogen fluoride and chlorine trifluoride .
Examples are hydrogen fluoride and chlorine trifluoride.
Examples are hydrogen peroxide , hypochlorite , nitric oxide and nitrogen dioxide .
Examples are hydrogen peroxide and perborate.
Examples are hydrogen peroxide, hypochlorite, nitric oxide and nitrogen dioxide.
Examples are hydroxide, fluoride, and alkyllithium compounds.
Examples are hypothetical or names have been changed.
Examples are ice and water or relaxed and flexed muscles.
Examples are ice cream, frozen pies, and popsicles.
Examples are ice cream, frozen pies, popsicles, etc.
Examples are ice plant and cactus.
Examples are illness or injury to the student or a death in the student's immediate family.
Examples are illustrative rather than exhaustive.
Examples are image , document , or speech recognition , and information retrieval .
Examples are image deconvolution and data fusion techniques .
Examples are image, document, or speech recognition, and information retrieval.
Examples are impacts to water quality or loss of grazing habitat.
Examples are important customers and suppliers, financial institutions, landlords and utilities.
Examples are in abundance to illustrate features.
Examples are in an open area, a shallow ditch or depression, or a foxhole with overhead cover.
Examples are in Blue .
Examples are in good condition, dry stored and army serviced.
Examples are in many Australian galleries.
Examples are in memory, in perception, and now in consciousness itself.
Examples are in pigmentation, shape and tissue thickness.
Examples are in the area of toxic waste dumping, unsafe working conditions, worker safety etc.
Examples are in the class definitions and initialization routines.
Examples are in the folder.
Examples are in the former Soviet Union, in Cuba and in Vietnam.
Examples are in the graphics above and to the right.
Examples are in the news everyday.
Examples are in the slideshows directory.
Examples are inappropriate use, interactions or metabolic abnormalities.
Examples are incalculable.
Examples are included on the talk page.
Examples are incremental environments of statically typed languages, distributed garbage collection.
Examples are independent contractors, volunteers and in-school placements.
Examples are India and America.
Examples are indispensable in learning.
Examples are Indonesia and South Africa.
Examples are industrial engineering, mathematics, computer science, sociology, and psychology.
Examples are industrial machinery, transportation equipment and factories.
Examples are industrial switch mode power supplies, battery chargers and inverters.
Examples are inert gases, combusted fuel gases, hydrogen and vacuum.
Examples are infectious disease outbreaks or concerns about risk from environmental contaminants.
Examples are infinitesimal flaws in movement, angulation or extension of gait.
Examples are information on technology, food, health and fitness, travel, career and entertainment.
Examples are information requests, registration, and survey forms.
Examples are information.
Examples are injuries from acids or lung injuries from inhaled reactive gases.
Examples are innovative too.
Examples are insect bites, chickenpox, scabies, or acne.
Examples are insolvency or protracted default.
Examples are inspection of stress, hardening depth or incorperates thickness measurement.
Examples are installation of new or upgrades to old software, system configuration changes, etc.
Examples are instances of the concept.
Examples are instructional simulations, instructional modelling, instructional data analysis.
Examples are insurance companies and brokerage firms.
Examples are insurance, utilities, and rent.
Examples are insurance, utilities, cash rents and leases, and real estate taxes.
Examples are int, class, for, if.
Examples are integer, real, boolean, and char.
Examples are integers and stacks.
Examples are interactive dialogs and personalized recommendations based on a user's goals.
Examples are interconnection networks, diagrams of molecules and preditor - prey diagrams.
Examples are interim and final technical reports, data, required meetings, and so forth.
Examples are interior painting of a dormitory and exterior waterproofing.
Examples are Internet address, computer type, and a list of services provided by a computer.
Examples are interval graphs, chordal graphs, cocomparability graphs, line graphs.
Examples are intructions streams and disk accesses.
Examples are investigations of road vehicle aerodynamics and wave loading on offshore structures.
Examples are invoices, payment, purchase orders, shipping notices, survey forms, and tax schedules.
Examples are iodide, thiolates, cuprates and enolates.
Examples are iron ore, coal, and grains that move in trainload, truckload, and shipload lots.
Examples are iron, coal, and above all, human labor.
Examples are iron, copper, zinc, chlorine and iodine.
Examples are islands, remote mountains.
Examples are isopropyl alcohol, methyl alcohol, and xylene.
Examples are Italy, West Germany, Sweden, Japan, Canada, Australia, Israel, and The Netherlands.
Examples are items of jewellery, motor cars, or personal chattels.
Examples are IVP dye and penicillin.
Examples are java and tables.
Examples are jerseys and tricot knits.
Examples are jewelry, furs, and stamp collections.
Examples are job fairs, seminars, conferences, and association meetings.
Examples are job rotation, job redesign or rosters which are designed to reduce exposure to noise.
Examples are jobseeker's allowance, incapacity benefit, disability benefits and so on.
Examples are joint printed materials and bus benches.
Examples are joint tax returns, joint bank accounts and insurance policies.
Examples are joints or faults .
Examples are joints or faults.
Examples are joke sites, spoof sites, parody sites, and offbeat sites.
Examples are journal subscriptions and conference registration.
Examples are kangaroos, wombats, koalas, possums, and Tasmanian devils.
Examples are keyboard, mouse etc.
Examples are keyboard, the system bus and the video controller.
Examples are keyboards, memory, or hard disk drives.
Examples are kin recognition, evolution and neuronal coding.
Examples are kin recognition, evolution, or neuronal coding.
Examples are kindness, loyalty, obedience, self-confidence, responsibility and gratefulness.
Examples are kiosks which provide information for tourists or opportunities for job seekers.
Examples are kppp, kisdn, kscd, kmix or knotes.
Examples are labor, materials, etc.
Examples are laboratory procedures, physical therapy, mental illness.
Examples are laboratory schools, teaching clinics, and university presses.
Examples are lacewings, ladybugs, parasitic wasps, and praying mantids.
Examples are ladders, tubes, methane detec-tors with probes, etc.
Examples are lakes, counties and geological outcrops.
Examples are lampreys and hagfish.
Examples are language, mathematics, social sciences and physics.
Examples are laparoscopy, superficial vascular cutdown, and percutaneous biopsy.
Examples are larger hedge-rows between fields.
Examples are large-scale quantum computers and their algorithms.
Examples are larval insects such as caddisflies and mayflies, and crustaceans such as crayfish.
Examples are laser fusion, light ion beam fusion and heavy ion beam fusion.
Examples are law firms, doctor s offices, etc.
Examples are laws forbidding the sale of alcohol and statutory rape laws.
Examples are laws regarding employment practices and building codes.
Examples are lawyers and accountants.
Examples are lead or mercury poisoning, or pesticide exposure.
Examples are leaf shape, body covering, number of legs, and how animals move.
Examples are LEDs, optical couplers, laser diodes, and photo detectors.
Examples are legion, and multiply weekly.
Examples are legion.
Examples are letters of advice and informational letters.
Examples are letters of support from partners, maps, tables, resumes of key staff.
Examples are letters, order forms, registration forms, etc.
Examples are leucocytes in mammalian blood.
Examples are lgOK, lgDone.
Examples are libel, slander, defamation, false imprisonment and false arrest.
Examples are librarians, accountants, systems analysts, and coaches.
Examples are lichens,bromeliads,orchids,etc.
Examples are lidocaine, phenytoin, propranolol, theophylline.
Examples are liens, mortgages, taxes, easements, water rights, etc.
Examples are like botanical gardens or zoos for animals.
Examples are limestone, chalk, sandstone.
Examples are linear actuators, pneumatic tools, clamping devices, and air lifts.
Examples are linguistic data which are actually used in conversations and texts.
Examples are linoleic acid and alpha-linoleic acid.
Examples are lions, hyenas, cheetahs.
Examples are listed below.
Examples are listed by increasing distance.
Examples are literally endless.
Examples are literature, advertising, and audiovisual presentations.
Examples are lithium , sodium , potassium , and cesium .
Examples are litigation against drug companies and HMOs.
Examples are liver, mushrooms, shellfish, mussels, cocoa powder and dried seaweed.
Examples are livestock, machinery, equipment, and vehicles.
Examples are llama ranches and mink farms.
Examples are load balancing and code migration.
Examples are loans, deposits, and annuities.
Examples are lobsters, some fish species, etc.
Examples are local events, architecture, performing artists, recipes, and so on.
Examples are located in demonstrations.
Examples are longitude and latitude, width and height, etc.
Examples are loss aversion, hedonic editing, loss of self-control, regret, and money illusion.
Examples are loss leaders, merchandise close outs, and holiday specials.
Examples are loss of both arms, both eyes or total paralysis.
Examples are low level holiday lighting, quality monument lighting, and such.
Examples are lpd and kerneld.
Examples are lysine, tryptophan, and valine.
Examples are machine parts, samples, goods and merchandise.
Examples are machinery and equipment, tools, supplies, leased equipment and leasehold improvements.
Examples are machinery dealers and veterinary practices.
Examples are machinery, raw materials, inadequate safeguards.
Examples are machinery, tools, tracks, cars, ships, furniture and furnishings.
Examples are machinery, tools, trucks, cars, furniture, and furnishings.
Examples are magnesium, aluminum, boron, or zirconium powders incorporated in a binder.
Examples are magnetic, ultrasonic, or infrared signals that get emitted and sensed.
Examples are mail carriers, police officers, cosmetologists, cooks, and hotel clerks.
Examples are mail.swbell.net, mail.txdirect.net, and mail.stic.net.
Examples are malaria, lymphatic filariasis, African trypanosomiasis, dengue and yellowfever.
Examples are malice or envy.
Examples are managed advertising banners, discussion boards and secured site areas.
Examples are manifest due back, permits expiring, etc.
Examples are manifolds with parallel orthogonal optical structures.
Examples are manifolds, turbo chargers, cooling fins, and rubber hoses.
Examples are manufacturing processes, chemical recipes and formulae.
Examples are manufacturing systems, traffic systems and service systems generally.
Examples are many but here are just a few.
Examples are many but some definition is necessary.
Examples are many.
Examples are maps derived from weighted intersection overlay and weighted multidimensional scaling.
Examples are maps, charts, blueprints, simulation cards, diagrams, and story cards.
Examples are marble , granite , limestone , alabaster , sandstone , schist , and soapstone.
Examples are marble or quartzite.
Examples are marginal utility, marginal cost, marginal product, etc.
Examples are marine and golf cart batteries.
Examples are market share, relative price and perceived product or service quality.
Examples are mass and electric charge.
Examples are mass joke mailings, solicitations and chain mailings.
Examples are mass storage, imaging, and scientists wanting keywords for searching data.
Examples are mass, volume, and heat needed to cause a one degree change in temperature.
Examples are mass, volume, energy, etc.
Examples are mass, volume, length, and total charge.
Examples are materials that are capable of polymerization reactions, such as polyvinyl benzene.
Examples are maternal PKU and diabetes.
Examples are math.h or stdio.h.
Examples are matrix matrix multiplication and triangular solve.
Examples are mayonnaise, cream sauce and lettuce.
Examples are maypop, hercules club, black cherry, bustic, spiderwort and many other wildflowers.
Examples are measurements of full body motions, facial expressions, or animal motions.
Examples are measurements of wing length of a bird or weight of a mammal.
Examples are measures of satisfaction or happiness.
Examples are meat, fish, poultry, cheese, eggs, milk, or many soybean products.
Examples are medical equipment and dangerous machines.
Examples are medical equipment and supplies, jewelry, sporting goods, toys, and office supplies.
Examples are meetings with school personnel and some assessment tools.
Examples are membership, finance, and program development.
Examples are men attendants in a men s lavatory, and women attendants in a women's lavatory.
Examples are men attendants in a men's lavatory, and women attendants in a women's lavatory.
Examples are meningiomas of the posterior fossa and swannomas of the acoustic nerve.
Examples are mental illness and substance abuse, or mental retardation and mental illness.
Examples are menus, address lists, timetables, calendars, and thumbnail catalogs.
Examples are merchandise sales, consulting revenue, and interest income.
Examples are mercury, arsenic, lead, etc.
Examples are metals, diamond, salts.
Examples are metals, such as copper.
Examples are metals.
Examples are microbial criteria for water including irrigation, reclaimed and potable water.
Examples are microfilm and microfiche.
Examples are microwaves and visible light.
Examples are midshipmen and master's mates.
Examples are military deceptions and covers.
Examples are milk, cheese, eggs, and meat.
Examples are milk, yogurt, cottage cheese, and ricotta, jack, and mozzarella cheese.
Examples are milking sheds and greenhouses.
Examples are mineral rights or water rights.
Examples are mineral rights, water rights.
Examples are mineral, water, oil and other rights.
Examples are minerals formed by reactions with guano.
Examples are minor construction, including perimeter and entrance barriers, fencing, and gates.
Examples are minor leaf spots or other damage to select leaves.
Examples are mirrors, railings, and windows.
Examples are misfortunes such as birth defects, epidemics, and natural disasters such as tornadoes.
Examples are mission statements, standards of conduct and statements of purpose.
Examples are mitochondria and plastids.
Examples are model airplane glue, nail polish remover, lighter and cleaning fluids, and gasoline.
Examples are model cars, playground equipment, and gazebos.
Examples are modified restrooms, curb modification, ramps, automatic door openers and elevators.
Examples are mold, mildew, yeast and mushrooms.
Examples are molds, mushrooms, and yeasts.
Examples are molds, yeasts, and mushrooms.
Examples are molecular docking , protein-protein docking , drug design , combinatorial chemistry .
Examples are molecular docking, protein-protein docking, drug design, combinatorial chemistry.
Examples are more effective by weight than by number.
Examples are more specific and useful than concepts and ideas.
Examples are more than welcome.
Examples are morning report and other informal teaching.
Examples are morning report, patient conference, and other informal teaching.
Examples are morning report, resident consultation, and other informal teaching.
Examples are most of the ongoing database and information systems maintained by state agencies.
Examples are mostly abstract to non-objective.
Examples are motors, pumps, wiring panels, etc.
Examples are mouse clicks keystrokes and form resizing.
Examples are movie nights, meal exchanges with the dining hall and mural painting.
Examples are mucoepidermoid carcinoma and adenoid cystic carcinoma.
Examples are mugs and sweatshirts for a particular school.
Examples are multimedia timer callbacks.
Examples are multiple choice, true-false and matching.
Examples are mushroom root rot on woody ornamentals, fire blight on loquat and brown patch on turf.
Examples are mushrooms and bacteria of decay.
Examples are mushrooms, molds, and bracket fungus.
Examples are music, maths and science.
Examples are musketeers, some crossbowmen, English longbowmen.
Examples are Myanmar and Nicaragua.
Examples are myriad.
Examples are name, address, owner, location, and category of facility.
Examples are naphthalene , anthracene and phenanthrene .
Examples are naphthalene, anthracene and phenanthrene.
Examples are narratives, novels and the pansoris.
Examples are natural brush, pallets, trees, or another hiding spot.
Examples are natural gas, propane, fuel oil, oil, and coal.
Examples are nature walks, bird walks and species counts.
Examples are naturopathy , chiropractic , ayurveda , homeopathy and acupuncture .
Examples are nearly everything except a kernel.
Examples are neon and argon.
Examples are neptunium, plutonium, americium, and curium.
Examples are never hard to find.
Examples are new lightweight robots and advanced vehicle systems with active components.
Examples are new programs, special publications, and non-recurring events.
Examples are new, modified, and reused code, as well as documentation, screens, reports, and files.
Examples are news headlines, historical trades, and options and futures chains.
Examples are newspapers and law journals.
Examples are newspapers and the American Cultural Series.
Examples are newspapers, magazines, and journals.
Examples are nice.
Examples are nicotine and alcohol.
Examples are nicotine and caffeine.
Examples are nitrate and phosphate.
Examples are nitrenium, carbonium, and thiiranium ions.
Examples are nitride etch and oxide etch.
Examples are nondairy creamers and rich baked products such as pie crust and other pastries.
Examples are nonlinear, semimajor axis, antisymmetric.
Examples are non-penetrative sex, or vaginal intercourse with a condom.
Examples are notes payable, income taxes payable and loans.
Examples are notices of action by administrative agencies, complaints , and requests for hearings.
Examples are now available for review in Idaho, Oregon, Nevada, California, Alaska and Utah.
Examples are number of children, age, and test scores.
Examples are numberless.
Examples are numerous and are considered on an individual basis.
Examples are numerous and are found in the preceding chapters.
Examples are numerous and easily obtained.
Examples are numerous and on the surface very straight forward.
Examples are numerous feeding behaviors, sexual behaviors, etc.
Examples are numerous, ranging from global change research to combustion to informatics.
Examples are numerous.
Examples are nursing homes, group homes or rooming houses.
Examples are nutrients, organic matter, and dissolved gases.
Examples are oak, ash, walnut, cherry and mahogany.
Examples are oaks, elms, maples, and palms.
Examples are ocean or air containers and pallets or skid boxes.
Examples are oceanography, environmental control, materials science, biology and mental health.
Examples are oceanography, environmental control, materials science, biology, and mental health.
Examples are och for ocher, ochre .
Examples are ocotillos, salvias, red yuccas and aloes.
Examples are of actual cases or grievances that went into arbitration.
Examples are office equipment, construction or renovation projects, and medical equipment.
Examples are office machines and scientific equipment.
Examples are office suites and databases.
Examples are office supplies, insurance protection and floor space.
Examples are oil and gas extractions.
Examples are oil trucks, tractor-trailer rigs, school buses and decoys.
Examples are oil, paint, fuel and cleaning and preserving materials.
Examples are oils, shortening, lard, margarine and fried foods.
Examples are old, but the concepts are still valuable.
Examples are olive oil, peanut oil and canola oil.
Examples are on closed reserve in the library.
Examples are on display at the centre.
Examples are on display in the store.
Examples are on display in the Strain hall of Paleontology.
Examples are on each screen.
Examples are on Greek and Russian.
Examples are on reserve at the library.
Examples are on reserve in the library.
Examples are on the job drug sales and other illegal enterprises.
Examples are on the slide above.
Examples are on the way.
Examples are on the Web site.
Examples are one of the most powerful ways to connect with audiences, particularly in instructions.
Examples are onion, garlic, banana, asparagus, leek, and Jerusalem artichoke.
Examples are online .
Examples are opium, cocaine, codeine, amphetamine, methadone.
Examples are options and futures.
Examples are oral sex, intercourse.
Examples are orange, green, and purple.
Examples are oregano, basil, parsley, thyme, sage, marjoram, garlic powder, onion powder.
Examples are organic carbon and hydrogen.
Examples are organizational instability, lack of resources, and poorly defined accountability.
Examples are original backgrounds, borders, accents, multi-colored calligraphy and special effects.
Examples are original minutes of meetings, reports, policy statements,procedures, publications.
Examples are osmosis, freezing point, boiling point, vapour pressure.
Examples are ostrich , rhea , emu , cassowary , and kiwi .
Examples are our interactive maps, clickable character profiles, and so on.
Examples are outright harvest, girdling, and simply felling the overstory.
Examples are overhead projectors, VCRs and cassette players.
Examples are overnight sheltering of evacuees from a disaster site.
Examples are oversimplified, but ideas are good.
Examples are oxidizers and flammable solids.
Examples are oxygen, chlorine, and fluorine.
Examples are pagers, cellular phones, and answering machines.
Examples are pain medications and hospice care.
Examples are paintings, drawings, printing, pictures, transparencies.
Examples are paintings, drawings, sculptures, etc.
Examples are paints and certain degreasers and solvents.
Examples are paints, lubricants, cleaners, and solvents to mention a few.
Examples are Pakistan and China.
Examples are palm-size PCs, machine information displays and public display systems.
Examples are pap tests, breast exams, and mammograms, for women.
Examples are papersize and font units.
Examples are papyrus, cattails, rushes, water hyacinth, etc.
Examples are paratransit or hotel shuttle vans that transport people to and from airports.
Examples are park maintenance, police patrol or street maintenance.
Examples are parts of a plant, math projects, etc.
Examples are parts of various ion channel molecules, and patches of neural and synaptic membrane.
Examples are pastures and sagebrush lands being brought into potato production.
Examples are patents and copyrights.
Examples are patents, copyrights, leases, and licenses.
Examples are patents, copyrights, utility deposits, etc.
Examples are patience, diplomacy, results-oriented and independence.
Examples are pavements, bridge decks, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, or exterior water tanks or sumps.
Examples are payroll procedures or the procurement system.
Examples are peaches, potato, beef, chicken, fish, garlic, hot pepper and brown sugar.
Examples are peanut butter on a knife making a sandwich and ice cream on a spoon making a sundae.
Examples are peanut butter on a knive making a sandwich and ice cream on a spoon making a sundae.
Examples are peanut oil, corn oil, olive oil, etc.
Examples are peat bogs, permafrost, dried dung, amber, oil saturated tar sands.
Examples are pectoral fins and flippers and the presence of a heterocercal tail.
Examples are penicillin and tetracycline.
Examples are penicillin, tetracycline, and fluoroquinolones.
Examples are pentazocine, nalbuphine, and butorphanol.
Examples are people working in insurance, banking or real estate. . . .
Examples are peperomias and snake plants.
Examples are per person, include prepayable taxes and are based on two persons sharing a twin room.
Examples are perchloric acid or high pressure reactions.
Examples are perennial ryegrass, tall fescue, common bermudagrass.
Examples are periodicals and journals.
Examples are periodicals, magazines, journals, newspapers, annual reports, and series.
Examples are permits, easements and use agreements.
Examples are personal residences, ranches, commercial property and most any other real estate.
Examples are personnel complaints and complaints about the internal running of schools.
Examples are personnel records, booking sales, and ordering materials.
Examples are pesticides and fire-resistant coatings.
Examples are pesticides or mercury.
Examples are pesticides, carbon tetrachloride, cyanides, ethylenediamine and thallium.
Examples are pesticides, oven and drain cleaners, pool chemicals, and batteries.
Examples are petrochemicals, plastics, pharmaceuticals, agriculture, and environmental analysis.
Examples are petroleum, chlorine gas, sulfuric acid and hydrazine.
Examples are phase changes and dissolution.
Examples are phenol derivatives, oil of wintergreen and eucalyptus oil.
Examples are phenols, polyesters, epoxides, and silicons.
Examples are phenylbutazone, ketoprofen, and flunixin meglumine.
Examples are phenytoin, dicoumarol and probenicid.
Examples are philodendrons, prayer plants and dumb canes.
Examples are phone, phonetics, philosophy, symphony, sophisticated, etc.
Examples are phonology and morphology, semantics, or rhetorical grammar.
Examples are photochemical reactions and translocations of ions in ion channels.
Examples are photos and a copy of a joint lease or mortgage agreement.
Examples are photosynthetic organisms such as plants, algae and some prokaryotes.
Examples are physics, computer science and mathematics, or physics, chemistry, and meteorology.
Examples are phytates, phosphates, tannates, oxalates, and carbonates.
Examples are piers, bridges, overhead power cables, and breakwaters.
Examples are pigs, rats, cockroaches, and humans.
Examples are pigs, rats, foxes, cockroaches and humans.
Examples are pike, trout, perch, whitefish, salmon and Baltic herring.
Examples are pillars, plates, boards, bridges, and fountains.
Examples are pines, cedars, spruces and firs.
Examples are pipes, hangers, brackets and bolts.
Examples are pitch and noise for audio, and color histogram and shape for images.
Examples are places seen, experiences had, people encountered, food eaten, etc.
Examples are planthoppers.
Examples are plants, animals, biofacts and other props.
Examples are plants, pathogens and insect diseases.
Examples are plasma etching and plasma enhanced chemical vapor deposition.
Examples are plastic housings containing contact points of switches, relays, and circuit breakers.
Examples are plastic, wood, cloth, glass, or dry air.
Examples are plasticizers, oils, and resins.
Examples are plastics.
Examples are pleasure walking, gardening, yard work and dancing.
Examples are plentiful and depressing.
Examples are plentiful.
Examples are plenty.
Examples are Plumeria spp.
Examples are plywood and modern skis.
Examples are poems, song lyrics, tables, and excerpts from fiction and creative prose works.
Examples are Poland, Slovenia and Hungary.
Examples are poles used to support telephone lines.
Examples are policy pricing, claims provisioning, and evaluation of underwriting strategies.
Examples are poliomyelitis and measles.
Examples are politics, programming or psychology.
Examples are polls , quizes etc.
Examples are polystyrene, polyethylene, polyvinyl chloride and nylon.
Examples are pond snails and ramshorn snails.
Examples are poor growth in a child, poor eating habits and tooth decay.
Examples are pop bottles and paper products.
Examples are port charges and fees.
Examples are posters, programs, and invitations to ceremonial and special events.
Examples are postoperative pain and myofascial and low back pain.
Examples are potash, industrial sands, wheat, soybeans and peanuts.
Examples are potassium hydroxide, buffered oxide etch, and sulfur hexafluoride.
Examples are potassium, ammonium, and phosphorus fixation.
Examples are potatoes and the caladium.
Examples are power generation and recreational uses.
Examples are power lines and residential and business wiring systems.
Examples are power lines, building wiring, transformers , etc.
Examples are power plants, factories, colleges, and gasoline stations.
Examples are practical conservation and fundraising.
Examples are prairie, marsh, bottomland forest and savanna.
Examples are prairies, springs, glades, savannas, oxbows and caves.
Examples are predation, parasitism, and disease.
Examples are predict prefer pretend .
Examples are prepared.
Examples are prescription dog foods, some flea products.
Examples are present for all the legal combinations.
Examples are present in the schemes directory.
Examples are presented in tables.
Examples are primarily from health care, but can be applied to other areas.
Examples are primarily from zoos and museum type settings.
Examples are primates and fruit flies, respectively.
Examples are printers, scanners, mouse, joysticks, gamepads, and keyboards.
Examples are probabilistic networks, fault trees, expert systems and climate change.
Examples are probably appropriate here.
Examples are problems with phonics due to 'fast listening' problems or naming deficits.
Examples are procedures using chemically-impregnated test media and commercially prepared test kits.
Examples are process control, Internet news channels and stock tracking.
Examples are processes occuring in sewage treatment plants.
Examples are product catalogs and employee payroll records.
Examples are product registration sites.
Examples are professional counseling, food pantry, prescription drug program, and elderly outreach.
Examples are programs like sed, tr and awk.
Examples are project clubs in horse, dog, livestock, marine science, aerospace, clothing, etc.
Examples are property insurance on the collateral and title examination fees.
Examples are property taxes, land payment, depreciation, and interest on equipment notes.
Examples are propositional logic and systems of linear equations or inequalities.
Examples are protein, sugar, liver products, and blood cells.
Examples are prototype weapons and dangerous stims.
Examples are protozoa, rotifers, etc.
Examples are provided throughout the segment for clarification.
Examples are psychological or family counseling, speech therapy, physical therapy, and tutoring.
Examples are public administration and defence.
Examples are public safety, public health, public welfare, etc.
Examples are purchases of police cars and the construction of jails.
Examples are pure space and pure time.
Examples are pusher, peeler, and vibrating screen centrifuges.
Examples are quartz, the feldspars , feldspathoids , and the zeolites .
Examples are quilts, crochet, wood working, beading, soap making, etc.
Examples are race training, polo, etc.
Examples are racemases, and cis-trans isomerases.
Examples are races and political campaigns.
Examples are radio transmitting towers, ham radios, and arc welders.
Examples are radon, uranium, radium, and potassium isotopes.
Examples are railroad and airline workers and travelling salespersons.
Examples are railroad rolling stock and fixed power generation systems.
Examples are rain gauges , speedometers and pressure gauges .
Examples are rain gauges, speedometers and pressure gauges.
Examples are rainfall and temperature b.
Examples are random, heterogeneous, porous and fractal media.
Examples are rape, mugging, combat, natural disasters, etc.
Examples are rapid transit, energy generation systems, and solid waste management systems.
Examples are rare.
Examples are rather archaic.
Examples are ravines, gullies, depressions and short, steep slopes.
Examples are readily available and personal testimony from the victims cry out to be heard.
Examples are ready-made clothes, fresh packed vegetables, fruit, flowers and plants.
Examples are receiver noise, and correlator offsets.
Examples are recommendations for career placement or admission to graduate study.
Examples are recovery of lead values from spent batteries and regeneration of spent solvents.
Examples are red oak and hazelnut.
Examples are reduced-fat cheese, margarine spreads, mayonnaise, sour cream and dairy desserts.
Examples are registered titles to land or corporate securities.
Examples are regression models, GLMs, mixed models, and their many variants.
Examples are regulations against monopolies and pollution.
Examples are rehabilitation services, physician services, and durable medical equipment suppliers.
Examples are rehearsal of cigarette refusal skills and relaxation practice.
Examples are relevant.
Examples are reminders or feedback.
Examples are removal of skin lesions and many breast biopsies.
Examples are rent, utilities, and insurance.
Examples are rent, utilities, interest, and insurance premiums.
Examples are repairs, roof maintenance, resurfacing pot holes, etc.
Examples are reports of scientific experiments, U.S. census records, public records.
Examples are reports on affirmative action, facilities usage, and administrative matters.
Examples are representation in committees or in decision making structures.
Examples are representation in committees or indecision making structures.
Examples are represented in the figure.
Examples are residence halls, intercollegiate athletics, and faculty and staff parking.
Examples are residence, hotel, bar, church, etc.
Examples are respirators, gloves, and chemical splash goggles.
Examples are restrictions on excluding liability and assurances concerning quality of goods.
Examples are resumes, hobbies, photos, etc.
Examples are retail sales and food service occupations.
Examples are retail trade and transportation.
Examples are retention ponds in developments and regional retention facilities.
Examples are retractable needles and devices that automatically cover used needle tips.
Examples are rhizomes, tubers, suckers, stolons, corms, bulbs and bulbils.
Examples are rice carved bedposts and chair posts of various designs.
Examples are rife.
Examples are riluzole, adenosine antagonists, canabinoids and neuroimmunophilins.
Examples are rivers, lakes, ponds and swamps, woodlands, yards, and meadows, and others.
Examples are road and maritime transport.
Examples are roads, phone lines, etc.
Examples are roads, streams, contour lines and faults.
Examples are rock salt and some limestone.
Examples are rocket engines, propellers, steam engines and boilers.
Examples are rocks, trees and grass.
Examples are rocks, trees, animals, etc.
Examples are Rohypnol and temazepam .
Examples are roof replacements, chiller overhauls and building tuckpointing.
Examples are rooms for centrifuges and spectrometers.
Examples are rosemary, geraniums, lantana and myrtle.
Examples are roses, pin cushions, Jupiter's beard and delphiniums.
Examples are rural school districts and regional library systems throughout the state.
Examples are rust removers and battery acid.
Examples are rust removers, acid or alkaline cleaning fluids, and battery acids.
Examples are Rwanda and former Yugoslavia.
Examples are sailboats and iceboats.
Examples are salads, pizza.
Examples are salaries of in-house trainers and students and the costs of rooms and equipment.
Examples are salaries, advertising, sales commissions, travel, and entertainment.
Examples are salaries, supplies, and equipment.
Examples are sale of surplus commodities, collection of user fees, etc.
Examples are sales clerks, insurance agents, models, route drivers, and travel agents.
Examples are sales commissions and shipping of finished goods.
Examples are sales tickets, checks, purchase orders, bills, and bank statements.
Examples are salt hydrates and paraffines.
Examples are sand and gravel.
Examples are sand beaches, mud banks, around boat launches, and water-intakes.
Examples are sanitary sewers, highway capacities, and school capacity.
Examples are satellite and fibre optic cable systems.
Examples are savings and loans, large car companies, etc.
Examples are scanners, printers, external hard drives, tape backups and modems.
Examples are schistosity and slaty cleavage.
Examples are schizophrenia, acute depression, and manic-depressive illness.
Examples are schlafen, gehen, stehen, geschehen, sterben etc.
Examples are school sites, road improvements and parks.
Examples are school teacher, college or university professor, engineer, and architect.
Examples are school, department, account title, name and responsible person.
Examples are school, department, function, name and responsible person.
Examples are schools, churches, and community service organizations.
Examples are scores and foreign language materials.
Examples are scorpions, crickets, spiders, beetles, locusts, flies, etc.
Examples are Scotland and Mansfield.
Examples are screwdrivers, chain sprockets, and gears.
Examples are screws, bolts, transistors, printed circuits, electric motors, forgings, castings, etc.
Examples are sections of iron fence, old wooden columns, or unique mirrors.
Examples are security, authorization, and integration of organizational resources.
Examples are self-assembling systems, polymers, monolayers and membranes.
Examples are self-awareness, social work values, and communication.
Examples are seminars and projects provided to particular sectors of the community.
Examples are sendmail or smail.
Examples are separate systems serving workers and schools.
Examples are separate systems serving workers or schools.
Examples are septic tanks and agricultural best management practices.
Examples are serious illness or job interviews.
Examples are serotonin and norepinephrine .
Examples are serotonin and norepinephrine.
Examples are service persons, health professionals, and friends.
Examples are shackles and snatch blocks.
Examples are shale, sandstone, conglomerate, and breccia.
Examples are sharks, eels, and rays.
Examples are sheet flow from pastures and runoff from forest logging.
Examples are sheets of laser labels, business cards, reply cards etc.
Examples are shells, worms, insects, microbes in stale food, termites, etc.
Examples are shift workers, geographically remote workers or technically remote workers.
Examples are shippers, credit card companies, clearinghouses, banks, and distributors.
Examples are shock waves, water surfaces, combustion fronts, optimal surfaces, etc.
Examples are shoes, radios, oranges, and automobiles.
Examples are short and very helpful.
Examples are short, well commented, and infrequent.
Examples are shorter labor time and the lowering of pregnancy discomforts.
Examples are shorthand and typing speeds, specific foreign language proficiency, test results.
Examples are short-term bonds and government treasury bills.
Examples are shown for female and male cones.
Examples are shrimpfish and seahorses.
Examples are signals, signs, ideographs, alphabetic letters, numbers, writing.
Examples are signature, voice, fingerprint etc.
Examples are simple and to the point, demonstrating the current topic quite aptly.
Examples are simple and written for lay people.
Examples are simple fractures, vaginal discharge, and urinary tract infections.
Examples are simple, but realistic.
Examples are single-spaced to conserve paper.
Examples are single-spaced to conserve space.
Examples are single-spaced to save space.
Examples are sites that begin with a person's name.
Examples are sites with displays of dead babies and celebrities' corpses or grotesque injuries.
Examples are ski boots, helmets, safety and sport glass frames, bicycle parts, and many others.
Examples are skin cells, muscle cells, bone cells, or virtually any cell in the body.
Examples are slime molds, algae, protozoa, and ameobas.
Examples are small loan acts, retail installment selling acts and the like.
Examples are snakes, roadrunners, and scorpions.
Examples are snowfall, tree death, wind, landslides, floods.
Examples are soaps, polymeric lubricants and emulsifiers, but also drug delivery systems.
Examples are social security benefits and pensions.
Examples are social security, bank account, and telephone numbers.
Examples are soda, detergent, and milk bottles.
Examples are sodium metal, potassium metal, phosphorus, etc.
Examples are sodium perborate and sodium bicarbonate.
Examples are sodium telluride and hydrogen telluride.
Examples are sodium, zinc particles etc.
Examples are sodium, zinc, copper, chlorine, and iodine.
Examples are soil type, land classification, population density and rainfall maps.
Examples are soil, sunlight, and air.
Examples are solar energy, ethnic cultures, literary criticism, world hunger, and computer crime.
Examples are solid and molecular gas laser cooling.
Examples are solvents or paint wastes.
Examples are some of the skull bones, the vertebrae, and hip bones.
Examples are sometimes appropriate.
Examples are sorority and fraternity computer labs.
Examples are sound waves in solids, liquids and gases.
Examples are source-based rate control for unicast and layered multicast.
Examples are Southern Europe, the Middle East and the southwestern United States.
Examples are soybean and linseed meal.
Examples are specific to central California, but principles apply to Oregon.
Examples are specific to Missouri, but concepts apply to other states.
Examples are speech synthesizers, enlarged keyboards and software for screen magnification.
Examples are speeches, text of legal documents, diaries and manuscripts.
Examples are spinach and pistachio ice cream, and mushrooms and white chocolate.
Examples are spinach and pistachio ice cream, mushrooms and white chocolate.
Examples are splash pages and frames pages.
Examples are sponges, worms, dogs, birds, fish.
Examples are spreadsheets, sound files, movie files, graphics, and word processing documents.
Examples are spreadsheets, word processing, graphics, and sound.
Examples are staff training programs and how long staff stay at the home.
Examples are staff, volunteers, facilities, equipment, curricula and money.
Examples are staff, volunteers, facilities, equipment, curricula, and money.
Examples are star formation regions and planetary nebulae.
Examples are starch, glycogen, and cellulose.
Examples are starches of various kinds, glyco- gen, and cellulose.
Examples are starfishes , sand dollars , crinoids , and sea cucumbers .
Examples are state a rule and apply a rule.
Examples are steelblue and goldenrod .
Examples are steep mountainous terrain and unstable mountainous areas.
Examples are still under development.
Examples are stock purchase plans, stock options, restricted stock, and stock appreciation rights.
Examples are stocks and equity mutual funds.
Examples are stone knife, arrow heads, wooden stakes to stretch hides.
Examples are storage rooms, mechanical rooms, loading dock hallway, etc.
Examples are storage tanks, boilers, sewers and tank cars.
Examples are stores, restaurants, hotels, night clubs etc.
Examples are stories on automobiles, movie stars, and product write-ups.
Examples are stoves and matches.
Examples are straight lines, or unit-disks, or boxes.
Examples are straight up for low shots and straight out for higher shots.
Examples are strains, falls, cuts, and dermatoses.
Examples are strawberries and cantaloupes from Mexico.
Examples are strawberries, raspberries and blackberries.
Examples are strawberry, raspberry and blackberry.
Examples are street and sidewalk improvements, new parks, improvements to city buildings, etc.
Examples are streptomycin, neomycin, kanamycin, gentamicin, tobramycin.
Examples are strong acids or alkalis.
Examples are structure of bee and the self-pollinating plants or prey and predator relationship.
Examples are structures, sequences, arrays, and grids.
Examples are student receivables and accounts payable.
Examples are student union, housing, bookstores, etc.
Examples are styes, boils and fungal infection.
Examples are styrene, butadiene, and vinyl monomers.
Examples are subroutine library, data abstraction, and generic program units.
Examples are succulents, oleander, myoporum, lawns and many low-growing groundcovers.
Examples are such rights as rent, easements and profits prendre.
Examples are such substances as air, water, ammonia, hydrocarbons, and carbon dioxide.
Examples are such things as tunes, ideas, catch-phrases, styles, and fashions.
Examples are sucrose or table sugar, lactose or milk sugar, and maltose.
Examples are sucrose, glucose and fructose.
Examples are sudden stops, lane changes, road hazards, and mechanical malfunctions.
Examples are sugar syrups.
Examples are sugar water and alcohol in water.
Examples are sugarcane, yam and hibiscus.
Examples are sulfates, phosphates and carbonates of non-toxic cations, and carbohydrates.
Examples are sulphates resulting from industrial activities, or dust from volcanic eruptions.
Examples are sulphuric acid and carbon dioxide.
Examples are sumac, poison ivy, bayberry and juniper.
Examples are summary, analysis, documented argument, and essay exams.
Examples are summer camp, dental bills, eyeglasses, travel, and therapy.
Examples are sunlight entering the atmosphere being bent like a prism.
Examples are superficial vascular cutdown, and percutaneous biopsy.
Examples are superfluous.
Examples are supersymmetric and grand unified extensions to the standard model.
Examples are surface water entering window wells, basements, or first floor entrances.
Examples are surface waves in polymers and amphiphilic sol-gel systems.
Examples are surgical instruments, small drill bits, etc.
Examples are surveys, questionnaires, interviews, case studies, and so on.
Examples are sustainable development and ensuring old-age financial security.
Examples are swamps, bogs, fens, marshes, and estuaries.
Examples are sweat glands or salivary glands.
Examples are Sweden, Canada, USA, the UK, Ireland, Australia and the Netherlands.
Examples are swordfish , seals and gannets .
Examples are sycamore, beech and maple.
Examples are symbols, type faces, visuals, textbook pages, and web pages.
Examples are symmetric and exterior powers.
Examples are syringes, needles, blades, broken glass, pipettes, slides, teeth, etc.
Examples are system clocks or signals on a synchronous bus.
Examples are system configuration parameters, user inputs and other external events.
Examples are system response times, business process time, and business volume.
Examples are system-wide email, newsgroups, chat and so on.
Examples are table lamps, and standing lamps with down cast shades which create the shadows.
Examples are tactical dropsondes, drifting buoys and miniaturized weather stations.
Examples are tannins - widely distributed in leaves, stems, fruits, bark , and wood of plants.
Examples are tasks involving quotas or piecework compensation.
Examples are tasks to be accomplished, control of vendors, and program reviews.
Examples are tax court, elder care, worker's compensation and others that various states allow.
Examples are taxes, depreciation, interest on investment, etc.
Examples are taxi fares or gas.
Examples are taxi fares, telephone calls, or other incidental travel costs.
Examples are taxonomy and adjudication reason codes.
Examples are tear glands, salivary glands, and sweat glands.
Examples are technicians, systems experts, etc.
Examples are technology and bibliographic instruction.
Examples are telephone number, mailstop.
Examples are temperature or distance measurements.
Examples are temperature, the wavelength of light in a laser beam, and one's weight or height.
Examples are tennis elbow and golfer's elbow.
Examples are tennis, track, swimming, wrestling, ping-pong.
Examples are tenosynovitis, carpal tunnel syndrome, tendonitis, and bursitis.
Examples are tents, trailers, pickup campers, buses, station wagons, motor homes, and boats.
Examples are terminal emulators and window managers.
Examples are terrain reconstruction, and reconstruction of a surface given a range image of it.
Examples are tests of typing speed and reading speed.
Examples are tests, quizzes, projects, or research papers.
Examples are textbooks, reference materials, newspapers and magazines.
Examples are the ability for open communication about problems or values regarding privacy.
Examples are the ability of a drug to cause perforated ulcers , internal bleeding or birth defects .
Examples are the accounting, banking, legal, management and office supply services they buy locally.
Examples are the addition of a set of bookshelves, a new electrical outlet, etc.
Examples are the addition of Vitamin D to milk and vitamins A and D to margarine.
Examples are the administrators group or the guest group.
Examples are the age distribution in a population, and many others.
Examples are the amino acid histidine and diphenylisobenzofuran.
Examples are the analysis of genetic drift and the analysis of the genetic variance.
Examples are the ancient empires of classical Africa, Greece and Rome.
Examples are the aspect ratio of subdomains or their convexity.
Examples are the bald eagle, the polar bear, the monarch butterfly, and the tawny mole cricket.
Examples are the Basics of Trading and Reading Graphs links.
Examples are the bassoon, oboe and English horn.
Examples are the best illustrations of truths to be learned.
Examples are the best teacher, here.
Examples are the biochemistry of metabolism and the control of limb movements.
Examples are the block, cyclic and blockcyclic distributions.
Examples are the branches of a tree , and the legs of a man .
Examples are the branches of a tree, and the legs of a man.
Examples are the break tag and the horizontal rule tag .
Examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds .
Examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds.
Examples are the brown, spore-producing bodies on the lower surface of leaves of ferns.
Examples are the budgets, voucher payments, and receipts.
Examples are the building of muscles or bone growth.
Examples are the cabbage varieties, maize , or the large number of different dog breeds.
Examples are the calculation of the surface current field and the bathymetry.
Examples are the categories of low, medium, and high.
Examples are the changes in mitochondrial membrane potential and calcium flux.
Examples are the chestnut, hazelnut, and acorn.
Examples are the classical conditioning of contraction in planarians, leeches, and Aplysia .
Examples are the cleaning solvent, carbon tetrachloride, and the pain medication, acetaminophen.
Examples are the clock application and screen savers.
Examples are the coelen- terates, sponges, and some echinoderms.
Examples are the collections of sample applications that come with any commercial office suite.
Examples are the colors produced by precious opal and the shiller reflections of labradorite.
Examples are the conjugations of dichloronitrobenzene and bromocyclohexane with glutathione.
Examples are the contig editor, which requires a fixed space font.
Examples are the daily values for cholesterol and sodium.
Examples are the data mean or standard deviation.
Examples are the development of procedures, or measurements of resonances of suspended optics.
Examples are the digestive enzymes such as sucrase, amylase, maltase, and lactase.
Examples are the donno , dun-dun and tama .
Examples are the donno, dun-dun and tama.
Examples are the easiest, clearest way to explain.
Examples are the edge between various forests or land uses and the presence of aquatic systems.
Examples are the editors vi and ed, the file searching commands grep, egrep and fgrep, awk, lex.
Examples are the energy cards of earth, wind, fire and water.
Examples are the entry of a customer's deposit and the updating of the customer's balance.
Examples are the Epicurean evening and silent auction, parish cookbook, rummage sale, etc.
Examples are the ethmoids, maxillary, frontal, and sphenoid sinuses .
Examples are the events one can read in Greek and Roman history.
Examples are the expressions, and the technique of contrasting dark and light.
Examples are the feeding or watering of livestock in concentrated areas at or near streams or lakes.
Examples are the fine topology in potential theory and the density topology in measure theory.
Examples are the fire blight of pears and the blight of chestnut trees.
Examples are the flu, common colds, sinusitis, and influenza.
Examples are the furnace tube and the quartz carrier.
Examples are the genders of French or German nouns, or the aspect of Russian verbs.
Examples are the giant neuron processes of crustaceans.
Examples are the giant panda, Siberian tiger and lowland gorilla.
Examples are the giant panda, Siberian tiger, and lowland gorilla.
Examples are the gourmet edible mycorrhizal mushrooms, such as truffles and morels.
Examples are the heart, the skin, the stomach, etc.
Examples are the hydrohalic acids.
Examples are the hydroxylation reactions of various aromatic and aliphatic compounds.
Examples are the intricately designed wall tiles.
Examples are the invention of perspective in ca.
Examples are the Jewish and Chinese calendars.
Examples are the joints found between the carpals and between the tarsals.
Examples are the judicial police laws and the laws on expropriations for reasons of public interest.
Examples are the kankantri and kopi.
Examples are the light and air waves which mediate visual and auditory interactions.
Examples are the lining of the mouth, throat, esophagus, rectum, vagina, and anus.
Examples are the logistical support vessel and the landing craft utility.
Examples are the major in criminology or the specialist in commerce and finance.
Examples are the many new hunts for elk, bear, cougar, geese and turkeys.
Examples are the mass of the moon and the electric charge of the proton.
Examples are the master veto count rate or observation zenith angle.
Examples are the mentally handicapped, the hungry and homeless, senior adults, and the deaf.
Examples are the merchants going on strike on rooftop in East Commons and North Ro.
Examples are the microcomputer and the microprocessor.
Examples are the military, some law firms, etc.
Examples are the mortgagor, vendor, seller, insurer, etc.
Examples are the most powerful ways people learn values.
Examples are the most specific differentiation of the subordinate concepts.
Examples are the mottled sculpin and blackside darter.
Examples are the nature of reality and the role of science in exploring it.
Examples are the new middle school, the new fire station and, water and sewer projects.
Examples are the New York City cab drivers and the grocery store owners.
Examples are the nicotine patch, nicorette gum, and total abstinence.
Examples are the nuclear-transplant technique that produced Dolly.
Examples are the number of divorces and abortions.
Examples are the nurse shark, angel shark or lemon shark.
Examples are the onion loaf, or the onion cut to resemble an opening flower.
Examples are the phosphorylation of sugars and the glycosylation of adenine.
Examples are the picture and watch chain at the bedside table.
Examples are the pineal, pituitary, thyroid, thymus, adrenals, etc.
Examples are the pions and kaons.
Examples are the pores in sieve plates or the pit areas in xylem elements.
Examples are the presence of edema, high muscularity, muscle wasting, or for very short people.
Examples are the production of pure rare earths, zirconium, nickel, copper, uranium, etc.
Examples are the production of strawberry plants from runners and of gladioli from daughter corms .
Examples are the production of web pages, published cave lists, and lists for required fieldwork.
Examples are the pro-net services niii and nv.
Examples are the provision of child care on the work site and flexible leave policies.
Examples are the regions associated with each anatomical component or gene-expression pattern.
Examples are the relational algebra select and project operators.
Examples are the right to food, shelter, and health care.
Examples are the ring dial and the shepherd's dial .
Examples are the rodent-borne hemorrhagic fevers.
Examples are the rugged cowboy, the bearded psychiatrist, and the scarred villain.
Examples are the script of the storyline and the camera meta-data, such as focal length, pan, zooms.
Examples are the sender's name and address, where and when it was mailed, and all outside markings.
Examples are the setup recipe and the process recipe.
Examples are the Shopping Village and a few product registration sites.
Examples are the signs for high voltage current, poison, emergency exit and radioactivity.
Examples are the skin and the gastrointestinal tract.
Examples are the small intestine, skin, and blood cells.
Examples are the Soviet Union , the People's Republic of China and Cuba .
Examples are the soybean crush and the petroleum crack spreads.
Examples are the speed of the train or the stiffness of the rail pads.
Examples are the Stardent graphics packages and early vector graphics tools.
Examples are the street map and airline flight status databases.
Examples are the strength of beams and the performance of motors.
Examples are the strict curl, clean and jerk, ect.
Examples are the student shootings or even religious conflicts.
Examples are the sun, and the regular household lamp bulb.
Examples are the sunflower and marigold.
Examples are the sun's heat and light, air, running water, and the like.
Examples are the sweet acidophilus milk and lactaid powder.
Examples are the tail of the peacock and, perhaps, the antlers of the extinct Irish elk.
Examples are the taking of blood samples or the auto calibration of a gas monitor.
Examples are the testes of male and the ovaries of female animals.
Examples are the Tolkien Games, Star Trek Games, etc.
Examples are the toxic elements lead and mercury.
Examples are the transistor, the integrated circuit, the laser , and the pacemaker .
Examples are the transition region and the notch area.
Examples are the tubular sys- tem in muscle and synaptosomal fraction of nerve cells.
Examples are the type of soil, fertile valley or rocky slope, etc.
Examples are the type writer, telegraphy, telephone, radio, TV, and computer.
Examples are the umbrella, bicycle wheels, parachutes and a camera lens, to name a few.
Examples are the uranium core of a nuclear reactor, or the steel embedded in an automobile.
Examples are the use of a monotonous tone of voice and lack of facial expression.
Examples are the use of coloured ground structures and the use of oil paint.
Examples are the water, nitrogen and carbon cycles.
Examples are the zebra mussel, spiny waterflea, and sea lamprey.
Examples are theft, drug dealing, white collar crime, and organized crime.
Examples are their back yard or a rain forest or anything that interests the students.
Examples are their school, classroom, Scouts, Campfire, swim teams, etc.
Examples are thermistors and photoconductive sensors.
Examples are thermostats, telescopes, compressors, x-rays, and much more.
Examples are thickness in angstroms, step height in micrometers, and haze in parts per million.
Examples are things like copyrights, patents, intellectual property, or goodwill.
Examples are things like engine, steering, and hull.
Examples are things like masks and written scrolls made out of birch bark.
Examples are things like sshhhhhhhhh, ssssssssssss, pssssssss.
Examples are things like the edge of buildings, train tracks, road lines, and sidewalks.
Examples are things like the speed of light, the capacity of short term memory, etc.
Examples are thistles.
Examples are thoughts of violence or of becoming infected by shaking hands with others.
Examples are through dreams or getting inspirations or intuitions.
Examples are thumb slapping on the low strings and finger tapping.
Examples are thyroxin, estrogen, cortisone,, etc.
Examples are ticks and mites.
Examples are tidal marshes and closed, landlocked depressions fed by perennial streams.
Examples are time patrolling, safety education, and clerical work.
Examples are title searches , lawyer's fees, survey charges, and deed filing fees.
Examples are to be derived from aerospace, maritime and manufacturing industries.
Examples are to be found in Amsterdam, in Geneva, and in the Louvre.
Examples are to be found in electronics, synthetic materials, transportation, and medicine.
Examples are to be found in the sura s initiated by the verses, When the sun is rolled up .
Examples are to be written on the board.
Examples are to build ramps and elevators, to offer training and to supply readers and interpreters.
Examples are to use a home icon for home page and a question mark for help link.
Examples are to use a home icon for the home page and question mark for the help link.
Examples are toadstools, mushrooms, and rusts.Sexual reproduction is more common than asexual.
Examples are tobacco smoke, diet, alcohol, some chemicals, and many other aspects of lifestyle.
Examples are toilet bowl cleaner, window cleaner, engine starter.
Examples are token economies, time out, and response cost.
Examples are tolerance and physical dependence .
Examples are tolerance and physical dependence.
Examples are tomato and potato inflorescences.
Examples are tomato, banana, soba , cucumber, butter and spinach.
Examples are tomatoes, grapes, peppers, blueberries, cranberries, bananas and eggplants.
Examples are tomatoes, peppers, eggplant, and nightshades.
Examples are too many to quote.
Examples are too numerous and too complex to begin to describe here.
Examples are too numerous to mention.
Examples are toothpaste and whipped cream.
Examples are topics such as feminist theory, reader response criticism, hermeneutics.
Examples are topographic maps, road maps, weather maps.
Examples are tour or travel offerings, bank-cards, athletic equipment, etc.
Examples are tourism, agribusiness, and natural resources extraction.
Examples are tourmaline and axinite.
Examples are tourmaline and hemimorphite.
Examples are trade, tourism and the management of natural disasters.
Examples are traffic mitigations, school mitigations and open space mitigations.
Examples are transcriptions, summaries, and transummaries.
Examples are transformers, cables, bus bars and service entrance panels.
Examples are transmission of fixed-rate uncompressed video.
Examples are transport of chemical substances between cells, hormone action and nerve impulses.
Examples are travel mugs with lids and sport bottles.
Examples are travel to a country where the disease is common or in a time of a polio epidemic.
Examples are trees and land.
Examples are trees bearing fruit, plants growing flowers, or male black widow spiders mating.
Examples are trials of full dose vs half-dose double nucloesides or double vs triple nucleosides.
Examples are trigonometric, hyperbolic, and random number generators.
Examples are trim, siding, shingles, flooring, casing, base, stepping, and paneling.
Examples are tripods, camera cases, and slide projectors.
Examples are tropical rainforests.
Examples are true or false and yes or no.
Examples are tty support, system defined types, host byte order, host float format.
Examples are TTYs, visual signaling devices, and amplifiers.
Examples are tuberous begonia and cyclamen.
Examples are tuition and fees.
Examples are tundra , grassland, desert , and the deciduous, coniferous, and tropical rain forests .
Examples are tutorial needs, therapy camps, and special classes.
Examples are tutorials, bug fixes, updated files, and free upgrades.
Examples are TV, the internet, globalization.
Examples are TVs, small appliances, autos, and steel.
Examples are two images, two equations, or two algorithms.
Examples are two vacant plots of land.
Examples are two-slit diffraction or elastic scattering of neutrons by a crystal lattice.
Examples are ubiquitous.
Examples are UK, Australia, Canada and many other countries.
Examples are ultrasonography , amniocentisis , and routine blood work.
Examples are uncertainly, incontinence, social support, quality of life, and health as empowerment.
Examples are undepreciated generating facilities, deferred costs, and long term contract costs.
Examples are undepreciated generating facilities, deferred costs, and long-term contract costs.
Examples are under gravel filters , sponge filters , and trickle filters .
Examples are under tree limbs, bushes, dog pens, under decks ,etc.
Examples are unemployment compensation and corporate and individual income tax .
Examples are unemployment rates , interest rates , consumer spending, and housing starts .
Examples are unforecasted training ammunition requests and most combat issues.
Examples are uni, tobiko, ikura, and 'spicy mixes'.
Examples are uniforms, ammunition, paperwork, etc.
Examples are universities, hospitals, large corporations, etc.
Examples are urea and ureaform.
Examples are urea, glycerol, and mannitol.
Examples are use of check sum, double keying, message authentication code, or digital signature.
Examples are use of native stone and lumber and other materials produced regionally.
Examples are useful in clarifying, reinforcing, or personalizing ideas.
Examples are useful.
Examples are user's or customer's advances for construction and accrued compensated absences.
Examples are utilities, computers and software, and automobile upkeep.
Examples are utilities, groceries, and car maintenance and fuel.
Examples are utility line easements, alleys, roadways, pipelines, etc.
Examples are vacuum reservoirs, tube shields and part snap covers.
Examples are value definitions without bodies and implicit function or value definitions.
Examples are variables and arrays.
Examples are varied, and include the increase of exportations of organic and horticultural products.
Examples are variegations, growth forms, foliage or flower color, etc.
Examples are various types of deserts, grasslands, and forests.
Examples are various types of hydrocephaly and the fragile X syndrome.
Examples are vasovagal syncope and carotid sinus syncope.
Examples are vaults, storage rooms, and specialty cases or enclosures.
Examples are vectors of parameters or lists of choices.
Examples are vegetables and grains.
Examples are vehicle exhausts, paint sprays, vapors from open cans, and roofing materials.
Examples are velocity and force .
Examples are velocity, force, acceleration, gradient of a scalar, vorticity, etc.
Examples are ventilator dependency, multiple system failure, infectious disease, wound care, stroke.
Examples are venturi type injectors and water driven pumps.
Examples are verification , validation , authorization , editing , and updating .
Examples are version merging, replication control, and disconnected operations in mobile systems.
Examples are vertebral artery stenosis and distal carotid artery stenosis.
Examples are very effective and useful.
Examples are very hard to come by.
Examples are very simple and easy to understand.
Examples are very small holes in the muscles that divide the two pumping chambers.
Examples are vi, ed, nedit, textedit, and xemacs.
Examples are videomaker, filmmaker, producer, director, writer, editor, animator.
Examples are videos of people walking, running, dancing, and other body gestures.
Examples are vincristine, vinblastine and eteoposide.
Examples are vines, shrubs, flowers, trees, and bushes.
Examples are violent behavior or truancy in high school or criminal behavior as young adults.
Examples are virtual stands, with reproduce fair grounds, included exhibitors data.
Examples are viruses , bacteria and parasites .
Examples are viruses, bacteria and parasites.
Examples are visible light, heat, UV, x-rays.
Examples are visible light, x-rays, radio wave, and solar energy.
Examples are visualization, editing, design, and documentation of architectures.
Examples are vitamins and minerals.
Examples are vocational competencies, work-based learning and marketing.
Examples are void and enum.
Examples are volcanoes in Hawaii and Iceland.
Examples are volume and brightness controls.
Examples are wages, stationary, etc.
Examples are wall footings, pits, fire hearths, or a posthole.
Examples are washers, dryers, microwaves, toilets, sinks, wood, TV's, box springs, and furniture.
Examples are waste that is radioactive, flammable, reactive, toxic, corrosive, infectious or sharp.
Examples are watches, rings, or necklaces.
Examples are water main breaks, major electrical power failures, or someone trapped in an elevator.
Examples are 'water on' and 'open door'.
Examples are water scrubbers and flares.
Examples are water waves and light waves.
Examples are water, carbon dioxide, mineral ions.
Examples are water, forests, minerals, and petroleum.
Examples are water, juices, milk, broth sports drinks.
Examples are water, sewer, school district, airport, etc.
Examples are waterfowl, chicken, ptarmigan, etc.
Examples are waterlilies, floating heart and water hyacinths.
Examples are weakness or loss of sensation, or loss of speech, memory, or comprehension.
Examples are weather factors, a severe thunderstorm with a tornado that threatens a home or two.
Examples are weight lifting, push-ups or softball.
Examples are weight training and sprints.
Examples are well chosen and very useful in understanding of the real meaning of a given word.
Examples are well crafted, selected with immense care, and used throughout to build a neat story.
Examples are well-chosen, and the book's charts and tables are simple and readily comprehensible.
Examples are wells or fencing.
Examples are wells, epicenters, station locations.
Examples are wet or damp basements, crawlspaces, bathrooms, laundry rooms and kitchens.
Examples are wet sand, and mixtures of starch powder with small amounts of water.
Examples are wet vegetated areas and rice paddies.
Examples are wetlabs on pig bleeding, necropsy, castration and hernia repair.
Examples are what students remember and link to larger ideas and concepts.
Examples are wheat bran, sugar beet pulp, citrus pulp, grape residue or hominay chop.
Examples are wheat straw, corn stalks and sawdust.
Examples are wheat, barley, oats, millet, corn and rice.
Examples are when to go to bed or get up, when to bathe, or when to eat.
Examples are where the solicitor wishes to buy or borrow from a client.
Examples are white phosphorous, nitrocellulose, metallic sodium and potassium and zirconium powder.
Examples are white pine and black chokeberry.
Examples are whole corn, ground corn, oats, milo, millet.
Examples are whole-wheat bread, fresh fruits and vegetables, and brown rice.
Examples are wills, insurance policies and trusts.
Examples are wind, whirlwinds, cyclones, etc.
Examples are wires, ropes, sticks and chains.
Examples are with friends and authority figures, themselves, or feelings of others.
Examples are with severely overgrazed zones or some actively mined areas.
Examples are wonderful, and needed.
Examples are wood, building stone, wool, and cotton.
Examples are wooden shakes, rolled roofing, standing seam metal, asphalt shingles.
Examples are woodlands, cliff faces, streamsides, in ponds, grasslands, etc.
Examples are wool flannel and tweed.
Examples are word processing programs, games, and browsers among many others.
Examples are work processors and spreadsheets.
Examples are worry or daydreaming.
Examples are wraparound skirts and some action wear.
Examples are wrong.
Examples are X-rays, UV, plasma, radio frequency emissions.
Examples are xxcp and xxep.
Examples are yeasts, molds, and mushrooms.
Examples are yield and quality traits.
Examples are zinc oxide, titanium dioxide and magnesium silicate.
Examples are, begging , rechanneling expenditures on defence , and globalizing .
Examples are, calculation of error bounds or equilibrating matrices to improve accuracy.
Examples are, cardiology, oncology, rheumatology.
Examples are, either a book sitting at rest, or a car moving with constant speed in a straight line.
Examples are, entry into vessels, hot work and pipeline breaking.
Examples are, finance, transport or language issues.
Examples are, Ontario, Alberta, Maryland, California, Georgia and Pennsylvania.
Examples are, parts washer solvent, paint sludge, mixed solvents, or acid waste.
Examples are, telnet , ftp , rlogin etc.
Examples are, the computer display and printed output.
Examples arise from marketing, operations research, sociology, and urban and economic geography.
Examples assume buyer is paying all costs.
Examples based on real data are in the software.
Examples based on real-life projects cover all phases of site development and management.
Examples below are complete trailer kits along with the customer's actual car.
Examples below are for a basic coach seat.
Examples below are name-year system.
Examples below illustrate the use of the summary attribute.
Examples below reflect the average depth of perma frost encountered.
Examples Build a fifth order model from data with three inputs and two outputs.
Examples can be architecture, blueprints, fashion, vehicles, etc.
Examples can be both good and bad.
Examples can be countless and their intensities are without boundaries.
Examples can be depression, anxiety, agoraphobia, anger problems, psychotic disturbances.
Examples can be helpful.
Examples can be in the form of an excerpt from a text or from students' work.
Examples can be invaluable here.
Examples can be of a scientific nature.
Examples can be of buildings, streets, transport systems or whole environments.
Examples can be poverty, unemployment, lack of school, discrimination.
Examples can be ski, sports, or theater weekends.
Examples can be the number of years in business, licenses, accreditation, organization size, etc.
Examples can come from hobbies, sports, projects, etc.
Examples can come from lecture, team presentations or an outside source.
Examples can come from medicine, environmental science, or another field of interest to the group.
Examples can go below in their own section, to be used later in class.
Examples can include a large section of roofing, or a dormer or chimney.
Examples can include bonuses, royalty payments, and compensation.
Examples can include career choices and educational choices.
Examples can include dishes, clothing, photos, diaries, letters, magazines, etc.
Examples can include filmmaking, editing a journal, and conferences.
Examples can include floor plans, color palates and fabric examples.
Examples can include hospitals, schools, etc.
Examples can include large sections of a wall, a cornice, balustrade, column, or stairway.
Examples can include stiffness in the arms, back or neck.
Examples can range from name-calling, to betrayal, breaking the law, terrorism.
Examples can range from zero to six figures.
Examples certainly teach more than thousands of words.
Examples challenge theories.
Examples Check out DCAds Demo .
Examples Click the image for a larger view.
Examples come every year, and the process, though, never really seems to change.
Examples come from a variety of different art periods.
Examples come from both manufacturing and research.
Examples come from classical literature and the Bible.
Examples come from manufacturing, engineering, and administration.
Examples come from many kinds of animals, from planarians and squid to monkeys and man.
Examples come from the range of texts used by students in the curriculum.
Examples come handily from American constitutional history.
Examples come into mind like psychology, game design, or environmental engineering.
Examples come mostly from geometry, but applicable to almost everything.
Examples come mostly from the military.
Examples come quickly to mind.
Examples come through the news of existing discoveries that capture public attention.
Examples come to mind easily.
Examples Consider a glass of iced tea.
Examples Consider a rook that attacks a pawn, see below.
Examples Consider an object traveling to the right.
Examples Consider the workflow process for handling complaints.
Examples considered include currency hedging and electricity generation.
Examples consist of continua, argumentation structures, and spider maps.
Examples consist primarily of product design.
Examples Copy a surface to a new axes within a different figure.
Examples cover a diversity of applications.
Examples cover a wide variety of invertebrate and vertebrate species, including humans.
Examples cover cost analysis and price-setting for typical web site design projects.
Examples covered include air and water pollution and renewable resource management.
Examples covered include Russia, China, Asia, Western Europe, and Latin America.
Examples Create a menu at workspace.testMenu.
Examples Create a model structure parametrized in canonical form.
Examples Create a stairstep plot of a sine wave.
Examples Create a three-dimensional stem plot to visualize a function of two variables.
Examples data files for both methods are available.
Examples deal specifically with problems and issues faced by both men and women.
Examples deal with growth.
Examples deal with propagation, guidance, and radiation of electromagnetic waves.
Examples demonstrate effects.
Examples demonstrate evaluation process for finding quality Internet resources.
Examples demonstrate how such procedures are used for assessment and help.
Examples demonstrate specific techniques.
Examples demonstrate the accuracy and efficiency of the proposed fusion methods.
Examples demonstrate the analysis.
Examples demonstrate the optimality of conditions.
Examples demonstrate the results.
Examples demonstrate the various calculation procedures throughout the publication.
Examples demonstrating electronic addresses and file names follow below.
Examples describe what to differentiate, how to differentiate, and why.
Examples dramatize the message.
Examples easily multiply.
Examples emphasize applications of engineering technology.
Examples emphasize economics and related fields.
Examples emphasize energy flow through the food chains.
Examples emphasize food, dress, language, and music.
Examples emphasize how biological data can be useful in watershed analysis and impact assessment.
Examples emphasize multimedia applications and applets.
Examples emphasize planning for parks and recreation.
Examples emphasize the mammalian organism.
Examples emphasize the utility and limitations of analytical techniques.
Examples encompass various areas of bioprocessing.
Examples Enter the holdings screen.
Examples Evaluate the function over the range .
Examples exclude stamp duty and any redemption penalties payable to a previous lender.
Examples exist also in the medical, accounting and other professions.
Examples exist at both higher level and lower level of work.
Examples exist everywhere.
Examples exist for both endothermic and exothermic heats of solution.
Examples exist that appear to be mint state but are without a trace of silver.
Examples exist that demonstrate the viability of more than one business model.
Examples exist throughout the nation regarding positive outcomes of such projects.
Examples explain steps.
Examples extend from rare orchids to salamanders and California condors.
Examples files Installation and structure of the program Installation guide.
Examples Fill four random triangles with color.
Examples find .
Examples Find low cost lift chairs.
Examples Find the oxidation numbers of all of the species present in the following compounds.
Examples Find the truth table for the expression .
Examples focus on bio molecules and polymers.
Examples focus on details.
Examples focus on elasticity, fluids, and heat transfer.
Examples focus on land and water resources, mineral and energy stocks, fisheries and forestry.
Examples focus on land and water resources, mineral and energy stocks, fisheries, and forestry.
Examples focus on reaction and transport processes.
Examples focus on teaching students in junior and senior high school.
Examples focus on the entrepreneurship approach.
Examples focus on the rural experience.
Examples follow . . .
Examples follow at end.
Examples follow below.
Examples follow depicting each sentence type.
Examples follow each definition.
Examples follow each of the print conversion specifiers.
Examples follow for both text entries and the reference listing.
Examples follow next time.
Examples follow one another quite rapidly within that chapter.
Examples follow that contribute to variations in electricity use.
Examples follow with comments.
Examples Following are a few examples of our work.
Examples Generate a bell-curve histogram from Gaussian data.
Examples Get current path to the log file.
Examples given are carnations, potatoes and cotton.
Examples given are realistic and believable.
Examples given in a general information section usually represent a variety of field tags.
Examples given include depression and direct access to a specialist for psychotherapy.
Examples given include operational reviews and improvement studies.
Examples Go directly to quick-server .
Examples Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Examples Go to the previous , next section.
Examples have a consistent professional style to be mimicked by programmers.
Examples have limitations.
Examples have managerial focus.
Examples have to be assessed individually on their merits.
Examples have yet to be added.
Examples help explain difficult, abstract, or unusual ideas.
Examples help illustrate a point.
Examples help prevent unintended ambiguity .
Examples help students.
Examples help to explain by linking prior experiences with new information.
Examples here are coherence spaces, phase spaces, and event structures.
Examples here are ecosystems, economies, the organelles within a living cell.
Examples here are far and few between.
Examples here are flagrant.
Examples here are flame generation of diamonds and syngas generation.
Examples here are postholes, hearths, cultural layers, graves, structures, abandoned fields etc.
Examples here are print shops, motor pools, and other central services.
Examples here can instruct, encourage, warm and inspire.
Examples here's some.
Examples highlight complexity.
Examples highlight concepts.
Examples highlight the artistic paradigm giving creativity a real chance in mathematics education.
Examples highlight the role played by the question of coordination in some research programs.
Examples highlighted include a company which took credit card details and then disappeared.
Examples href How to set and return the anchor's href property.
Examples identify and correct errors frequently made in written English.
Examples illustrate approaches.
Examples illustrate cell types.
Examples illustrate differences.
Examples illustrate each technique.
Examples illustrate every technique from page revisions to shooting schedules.
Examples illustrate importance.
Examples illustrate issues.
Examples illustrate modern technologies providing service to rural populations.
Examples illustrate passive solar, solar energy generation, and daylighting.
Examples illustrate possibility.
Examples illustrate properties.
Examples illustrate searchable data elements.
Examples illustrate several steps of the algorithm.
Examples illustrate some of the guidelines.
Examples illustrate the conceptual process for creating effective web-based advertising.
Examples illustrate the effect of nonlinear chemical kinetics as well as diffusion.
Examples illustrate the endogenous determination of inventory holding costs.
Examples illustrate the increased accuracy of control design using the new power stage models.
Examples illustrate the methodologies.
Examples illustrate the obtained relationship.
Examples illustrate the theory.
Examples illustrate the various aspects of the system.
Examples illustrate their involvement.
Examples illustrate types.
Examples illustrate use.
Examples illustrating alternative evaluations and use of the program are given in the next section.
Examples inaugurate a MOCA space.
Examples include characteristics.
Examples include facts.
Examples include outbreaks.
Examples include transitions.
Examples Included with the distribution is an example subdirectory.
Examples includes axles, blocks, gear blanks, heavy rounds, pinions, rings, and wheels.
Examples includes bodies responsible for electricity generation, gas, water supply, etc.
Examples includes vehicle registration fees, fuel taxes, and weight distance taxes.
Examples incorporated constitutionally are abundant.
Examples indicates a space character.
Examples involve application of artificial neural networks and genetic programming.
Examples involve phases.
Examples is true . is false .
Examples lacking contrast are dark on black , pastel on pastel , or primary on primary .
Examples laugh out little burt's bees fragrances.
Examples Let s walk through examples for various box types using a sample function.
Examples Let's consider a machine that fails.
Examples Let's consider the following simple XML element.
Examples Let's define a simple function and also another function that uses the first one.
Examples Let's just have a quick look at some examples.
Examples Let's look at a few sample manifest files.
Examples Let's make the functions shown at the beginning of the article.
Examples Let's say there are some boys and girls in a school hall.
Examples Let's take a look at two examples.
Examples listed below are illustrative only.
Examples listed here are configuration ideas.
Examples listed in the guidelines include religious organizations and employee leasing firms.
Examples Live examples from chapters in the book.
Examples make clear the power of each strategy in carefully defined market condition.
Examples make clear the power of each strategy in carefully defined market conditions.
Examples make complex ideas immediately useful.
Examples Make sure that examples.
Examples Make the peaks function vibrate.
Examples malinterpretes ou douteux .
Examples MHonArc has several resources for customizing thread page layout.
Examples model some crude bank account.
Examples multiply daily.
Examples muster themselves.
Examples now draw wireframe images instead of smooth shading.
Examples now use dated FPIs.
Examples occur in DNA denaturation and in diffusion-limited chemical reactions.
Examples occur throughout many areas of mathematics.
Examples oil the wheels of an argument.
Examples presented here represent different approaches to planning for centers.
Examples Produce a combination mesh and contour plot of the peaks surface.
Examples Produce a combination surface and contour plot of the peaks surface.
Examples Produce a waterfall plot of the peaks surface.
Examples progress in complexity from simple customizations to extensive major modes.
Examples provide clear illustration of the punctuation rules.
Examples provide evidence.
Examples provide experience in the interpretation of seismic data.
Examples provide the essential connection between techniques and their applications.
Examples provided are fictitious.
Examples provided are within the sport of baseball.
Examples provides one or more sample commands and resulting output.
Examples range from a dozen piglets to half a dozen apples, to six pairs of socks for a dozen feet.
Examples range from a music course on the evolution of jazz to an English course on women writers.
Examples range from a refugee in Liberia to tigers in Bangladesh.
Examples range from artificial hearts and valves to prosthetic hip and breast implants.
Examples range from bridges and bras to concrete and condoms.
Examples range from compilers and software engineering to music and finance.
Examples range from computer-supported collaborative work to interactive music systems.
Examples range from daily newspapers to weekly magazines to semi-annual journals.
Examples range from divorce to a sick grandmother to a new baby.
Examples range from early daguerreotypes to contemporary prints.
Examples range from eating a meal to listening to music.
Examples range from editing and refereeing, to abstracting and indexing.
Examples range from familiar plants to fascinating plants.
Examples range from flowers to portraits.
Examples range from high-technology industrial parks to traditional shop houses.
Examples range from illustrative to inspiring.
Examples range from intelligent information browsers to design advisors to project management tools.
Examples range from lunar simulant to hydroponics.
Examples range from neuronal dysfunction to significant cell death.
Examples range from pieces of writing to models of fishing nets and boats.
Examples range from polymer physics and magnetism to electron localization.
Examples range from random walkers, Newtonian mechanics, and the the pricing of options.
Examples range from riding a bicycle to falling in love.
Examples range from sediment arising from farm fields to oil running off parking lots.
Examples range from shopping to education to medical examinations.
Examples range from sponges to tigers.
Examples range from structural to electronic materials.
Examples range from the classic dinner reservation and theatre tickets, to full day trapeze lessons.
Examples range from the microscopic in the physical and biological worlds to the giant.
Examples range from the visible to soft x-rays.
Examples range from tracking moving objects to establishing the exact location of physical assets.
Examples range from unicellular phytoplankton to multicellular seaweeds that are meters in length.
Examples range from very simple to quite sophisticated.
Examples range from Web sites to traffic signs to restaurants.
Examples range widely and include observations made in backyards and in the wilderness.
Examples readyState How to return the state of the document.
Examples reflect real world experiences.
Examples relate to finding materials in Canada.
Examples relate to practitioner registration, complaint investigation and auditing processes.
Examples remain fresh, numbers stay current, and links are always active.
Examples reportedly turn up occasionally on the secondhand market.
Examples represent the name-year system.
Examples require additional steps.
Examples require extra plugins so let the player get any that it asks for.
Examples require steps.
Examples requiring several pages are also welcome.
Examples round out the educational experience, making it concrete, specific and meaningful.
Examples Save the posted data.
Examples See Also Basis for null space.
Examples See Also Characteristic polynomial of a matrix.
Examples See Also Discrete singular value frequency response.
Examples See Also Estimate empirical transfer functions and periodograms.
Examples See Also Functional composition.
Examples See Also Jordan canonical form.
Examples See Also Pulse train generator.
Examples See Also Symbolic matrix dimensions.
Examples See Also Symbolic matrix eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
Examples See Also Symbolic simplification.
Examples See Also Symbolic solution of ordinary differential equations.
Examples See Also Symbolic substitution in a symbolic expression or matrix.
Examples See example for select .
Examples See example.cpp in the package for an example program.
Examples See markpix for examples.
Examples See mexcallmatlab.c in the mex subdirectory of the examples directory.
Examples See mxmalloc.c in the mx subdirectory of the examples directory.
Examples See Option.index for an example of the length property.
Examples See phonebook.c in the refbook subdirectory of the examples directory.
Examples See reference pages for tree and mksys .
Examples See sincall.c in the refbook subdirectory of the examples directory.
Examples See the bottom of huff.c for an example.
Examples See the demo csapidem for various examples.
Examples See the discussion of the methods keywords for examples of their energy output formats.
Examples See the example for .
Examples See the example for getOptionValue .
Examples See the examples for defaultSelected .
Examples See the examples for the height property.
Examples See the examples for the src property.
Examples See the examples for window .
Examples See the last part of the demo difeqdem for an illustration.
Examples See the last part of the demo spapidem for an illustration.
Examples See the tloop function for an example of creating a time series of area averages.
Examples See the Tutorial chapter for design examples and demonstrations.
Examples see when clicking on logos below German index page.
Examples See widgets for more information and examples.
Examples Send the matched string to stdout.
Examples serve purposes.
Examples serve two purposes.
Examples show aspects.
Examples show best what can be achieved.
Examples show bullying from both perspectives.
Examples show effects.
Examples show evidence.
Examples show how abstract ideas are studied in practice.
Examples show how communities can work together to protect parks and environmental refuges.
Examples show how different criteria result in different choices.
Examples show how fire protection engineers can use the techniques presented.
Examples show how subject areas combine to increase student interest and involvement.
Examples show how to allocate basis and how to treat timber-related expenses and income at tax time.
Examples show how to apply the formulas.
Examples show how to cite a record in a variety of different styles.
Examples show how to design circuits for reliable data transfers.
Examples show how to detect early problems that lead to decline in the price of the stock.
Examples show many similarity.
Examples show ripple effects.
Examples show running imports and exports using Windows Scripting Host.
Examples show sample command lines.
Examples show similarity.
Examples show that certain choices of the weight sequences yield known methods.
Examples show that even the least utilized facility can be a fill-rate bottleneck.
Examples show that mixed use is an important feature of successful public realm.
Examples show that the bound is sharp.
Examples show that the results can be sharp.
Examples show that usually there is much more asymptotic homomorphisms than genuine ones.
Examples show the potential and limitations of the methods.
Examples show the power of the arts as a teaching strategy for a variety of scientific content.
Examples show the quality of the results that can be achieved with the proposed approach.
Examples shown are actual guns.
Examples shown are actually height.
Examples shown below are for illustration purposes only and are sized accordingly.
Examples shown include wall hangings, matted blocks, and cards.
Examples shown on the tape are at all grade levels, elementary through high school.
Examples speak louder than precepts, but principally the examples of great men are influential.
Examples sportsbook odds.
Examples stand out in brightly colored fields for easy readability.
Examples stress the importance of different problem-solving methods.
Examples supplement the procedural information in the manual documents.
Examples support competitive exclusion principles.
Examples support exclusion principles.
Examples support mini-thesis and fit within paragraph.
Examples support mini-Thesis and fit within paragraph.
Examples support principles.
Examples supported by figures illustrate each of the algorithms.
Examples supporting a comment are worth extra marks.
Examples Take notes on some , but by no means all , of the examples.
Examples take the explanations from the theoretical to the practical.
Examples take unto none illustration otherwise change fsu clothes.
Examples teach so much more than words.
Examples tell rather than show.
Examples think Delivery before no sand off lots science.
Examples turn up with lenses marked 'Made in France'.
Examples typically describe what an inventor has actually done in making and using the invention.
Examples typically occur in large, dense patches and often form thickets of dwarfed trees.
Examples unfortunately abound.
Examples use fixed font italic .
Examples use home and industrial machines.
Examples Use the examples to get inspiration.
Examples Use the following examples as guidelines for maps.
Examples use the university computers.
Examples used are from a wide range of high-tech, industrial, consumer, and service areas.
Examples used in the book are clear.
Examples used in the video come from well-known films.
Examples using respiratory mechanical data illustrate the ease of model comparisons.
Examples using the most common waveplates follow.
Examples utilize all levels of computer architecture.
Examples vary from place to place.
Examples View the object from directly overhead.
Examples sometimes speak louder than statistics.
Examples usually occupy three lines.
Examples usually relate to what they call the power set of a set.
All example reports shown contain sample data.
All examples are executable.
All examples are for general educational and illustrative purposes only.
All examples are for illustration purposes.
All examples are from actual student work.
All examples are from the field of environmental science.
All examples are hypothetical and are for illustrative purposes.
All examples are hypothetical and are intended for illustrative purposes only.
All examples are hypothetical and for illustrative purposes.
All examples are in standard notation and tab.
All examples are just static pages, they just to show how the output looks like.
All examples are LIVE and active.
All examples are original versions.
All examples are peer-reviewed.
All examples are practical and couched in terms of typical classroom activities.
All examples are practical and couched in terms of typical classroom and library activities.
All examples assume point processing , viz.
All examples assume service for sick or carry-over bank hours is already included if applicable.
All examples given here use the .lsp extension for lisp files.
All examples given now also appear in Tibetan script.
All examples here assume a standard installation and environment.
All examples here show the code executing on the same machine, using the localhost interface.
All examples meet or exceed the standard for eleventh and twelfth grade writing.
All examples meet or exceed the standard for fifth grade writing.
All examples meet or exceed the standard for first grade writing.
All examples meet or exceed the standard for seventh and eighth grade writing.
All examples meet or exceed the standard for third grade writing.
All examples meet or exceed the standard for writing at their grade level.
All examples mentioned are to be of a private and individual basis.
All examples refer to p's life space.
All examples reflect the verbal threshold.
All examples shown are from Canadian sources.
All examples shown here sport the peak crest.
All examples uses bash syntax.
Any examples used in class, however, are off limits.
Every example builds the application throughout the book.
Every example contains one or more of each type of rationale.
Every example has explanation of each executed statement and output.
Every example is broken.
Every example is illegal and dangerous.
Every example is one of rampant careerism.
Many examples abound here, along with technical explanations.
Many examples accompany the detailed text.
Many examples also come from other mid-scale work completed over the past several years.
Many examples also compare model results with analytical solutions.
Many examples also have gorgeous Nervex professional lugs.
Many examples appear only with the type given as doina .
Many examples are American in origin, but are still applicable.
Many examples are available by looking at the source code for the application.
Many examples are available in the primary literature.
Many examples are available on CD ROM and on the web.
Many examples are from Africa.
Many examples are in museums around the world.
Many examples are on videotape, allowing users to see the patient and location of the stethoscope.
Many examples are present in both groups.
Many examples can inspire our creativity.
Many examples come to mind.
Many examples demonstrate the fallibility of human judgment.
Many examples exhibit major die cracks on both obverse and reverse.
Many examples exist across cultures and religious traditions of sounds that are considered healing.
Many examples exist in the domains of literature and education, to name but two.
Many examples exist in the literature.
Many examples exist of a non-native species completely displacing other native species.
Many examples exist of successful ergonomics training in the automotive industry.
Many examples exist of watershed restoration, stewardship, and sustainable management initiatives.
Many examples focus on mathematics and science.
Many examples have an eagle with wings outspread on the back.
Many examples have direct applications to design problems.
Many examples help to clarify concepts for the experienced and non-experienced marketer.
Many examples however expose needlessly high standards.
Many examples illustrate the text.
Many examples indicate relationship within as well as between classes.
Many examples live in BC waters and the museum has a wide variety in the fish collection.
Many examples offer themselves, if someone asks.
Many examples provide conditions favourable to the survival of organic remains.
Many examples remain as a testimony of an earlier, more elegant era.
Many examples require the most recent browser.
Many examples seem superficial.
Many examples show delicate serrations above the hafting area .
Many examples show that dredging is a habit rather than a permanent solution.
Many examples support the good comprehensibility and legibility.
Many examples survive .
Many examples survive from the medieval period onwards.
Many examples survive.
More example are in the Scenarios section.
More examples abound.
More examples are available by request.
More examples are available in our library.
More examples are available in the downloadable package.
More examples are available on other pages.
More examples are available on the geometry and imaginary numbers page.
More examples are available on the know user lists page.
More examples are available.
More examples are below.
More examples are given in the test cases.
More examples are likely to follow.
More examples are needed.
More examples are on display and for sale in our gallery .
More examples are out there.
More examples are posted on a semi-weekly basis, so please stop back again.
More examples can be fund in the professional sphere.
More examples follow with annotation.
More examples follow.
More Examples Here are some definitions for predicates that can be used for list processing.
More examples increase the bulk of the documentation, which makes it more imposing .
Most examples also have a working executable.
Most examples are abstract or non-objective.
Most examples are both core and full, with optional data in the core records appearing in italics.
Most examples are from business but it is still applicable.
Most examples are from mammalian systems.
Most examples are from the health sciences and biology.
Most examples are from the Pacific, but the information still applies to our coast.
Most examples are from Wisconsin, but there is mention of some Michigan retailers.
Most examples are intermediate.
Most examples are presented in tables.
Most examples are single figures but papers are obtainable from the company.
Most examples are typescript drafts.
Most examples come from agriculture and horticulture.
Most examples deal with growth.
Most examples demonstrate effects.
Most examples explain steps.
Most examples focus on details.
Most examples focus on women.
Most examples have limitations.
Most examples have poor eye appeal, but a few very choice coins exist that have superb eye appeal.
Most examples help students.
Most examples illustrate approaches.
Most examples illustrate cell types.
Most examples illustrate differences.
Most examples illustrate importance.
Most examples illustrate issues.
Most examples illustrate possibility.
Most examples illustrate properties.
Most examples illustrate types.
Most examples illustrate use.
Most examples involve phases.
Most examples provide evidence.
Most examples require additional steps.
Most examples require steps.
Most examples reviewed in the literature are of student teams with a faculty tutor.
Most examples serve purposes.
Most examples show aspects.
Most examples show effects.
Most examples show evidence.
Most examples show many similarity.
Most examples show ripple effects.
Most examples show similarity.
Most examples support competitive exclusion principles.
Most examples support exclusion principles.
Most examples support principles.
Most examples use an informal style.
Most examples use the same picture to illustrate the results of a specific XIELib function.
Some example are below.
Some example are cereals, jellies, syrup, baked goods, yogurt, ice cream, juices and baby foods.
Some example calls.
Some example is useful.
Some examples actually sustain rather nicely.
Some examples acus, -us . nf.
Some examples also retrieve other titles that match the search.
Some examples appear below.
Some examples appear in the accompanying table.
Some examples appear later.
Some examples apply theories.
Some examples apply to topics.
Some examples are , etc.
Some examples are . . .
Some examples are .us for the United States, .ca for Canada, .jp for Japan, .de for Germany, etc.
Some examples are abductors and aductors, flexors and extensors, constrictors and dilators.
Some examples are above.
Some examples are acetylene, methane, hydrogen.
Some examples are aerial surveys, bank charges and promotional expenses.
Some examples are alcohol and bad debts.
Some examples are alpha , beta , gamma , x-rays , neutrons , and ultraviolet light.
Some examples are alternate names , different language forms , and acronyms .
Some examples are amoeba, paramecium, bacteria, and cyanobacteria.
Some examples are anchovies, silversides and plankton.
Some examples are ancient imports and other are produced locally in El Salvador.
Some examples are aniline, benzene, and acetone.
Some examples are art, coins, baseball cards and stamps.
Some examples are artistic work, creative writing, or research papers.
Some examples are as follows.
Some examples are aspirin and vitamin pills with iron.
Some examples are audio tools, mail systems, Web utilities, databases, and graphics packages.
Some examples are autos, credit cards, and royalties.
Some examples are available online.
Some examples are available.
Some examples are bake, rain, say, etc.
Some examples are bankruptcy cases, probate matters, and cases involving minors.
Some examples are banks, credit unions, automobile dealers, lumber yards, and property managers.
Some examples are beets, strawberries and hollyhocks.
Some examples are below .
Some examples are below.
Some examples are benzene, ethylene glycol, vinyl chloride and mercury.
Some examples are bigamy, theft, treason and incest.
Some examples are bingo, bands, comedians, picnics, etc.
Some examples are black, red and green gram, bengal gram, cowpea, peas and rajma.
Some examples are blinding lasers, pinpoint accuracy missile targeting and chemical weapons.
Some examples are blond and blonde , in reference to a man and a woman, respectively.
Some examples are book chapters, proceedings, technical reports and non-ISI journal articles.
Some examples are books, magazines, newspapers,brochures and business forms etc.
Some examples are boondocks, gingham, and ketchup.
Some examples are bread, milk and newspaper delivery services.
Some examples are brownish or olive and there are occasionally dark blotches along the back .
Some examples are bulletin boards, Web pages, and newsgroups where people self-select to read.
Some examples are buprenorphine and propylhexedrine.
Some examples are bus, mesh, hypercube and Omega networks.
Some examples are bushel baskets, old buckets, plastic dishpans, plastic bags, or wooden trays.
Some examples are business reports or spreadsheets.
Some examples are butter, lard, meat fat, solid shortening, palm oil, and coconut oil.
Some examples are buttercups, thistles and woody species.
Some examples are calcium, magnesium, potassium, and gases such as oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Some examples are candy , soft drinks , cake , pie and ice cream .
Some examples are candy, soft drinks, cake, pie and ice cream.
Some examples are car batteries, anti-freeze, paint solvents, and cleaning products.
Some examples are card games, bingo, volleyball and darts.
Some examples are cases of harassment, legal opinions and personnel issues like employee discipline.
Some examples are cash, accounts receivable, inventory, real estate, and securities.
Some examples are cavefish, cave crayfish, millipedes, spiders and crustacean.
Some examples are CGI programs, private directories, and custom file types.
Some examples are changes in liquor serving area floor plans or hours change, etc.
Some examples are children who are born premature and children who are injured in the birth process.
Some examples are chronic lower back pain, nerve pain, shingles and certain chronic headaches.
Some examples are circular and flat knits.
Some examples are close to home.
Some examples are colleges, universities, and libraries.
Some examples are columbine, bleeding heart, celandine poppy, and bloodroot.
Some examples are com.apple.Finder, com.adobe.Photoshop, com.foo.ImageImport.
Some examples are companies, conferences, governments and their agencies, associations, etc.
Some examples are complete packages, commercially prepared and disseminated.
Some examples are composites of several different families.
Some examples are computer code, small sample data files, or compiled computer programs.
Some examples are computers, chemical processing equipment, and biomedical devices.
Some examples are copy, move, format, etc.
Some examples are coreopsis, rudbeckia, and Shasta daisies.
Some examples are corn and root crops.
Some examples are corn smut, black stem rust of wheat and barley, and cotton root rot.
Some examples are corn, beans, marigolds and zinnias.
Some examples are covered below, with more details of their life cycles.
Some examples are crappies , rock bass , perch , bluegill and sunfish .
Some examples are crystals of noble gases.
Some examples are cup and up, out and spout, hey and okay along with many others.
Some examples are deductions for mortgage payments and charitable donations.
Some examples are deer , monkeys , wild pigs , tapirs and other animals found in Asia .
Some examples are deer, monkeys, wild pigs, tapirs and other animals found in Asia.
Some examples are defense spending, education spending, health care costs, and trade balances.
Some examples are departmental policies, official forms, external legally binding documents, etc.
Some examples are desert biome, tropical rain-forest biome and tundra biome.
Some examples are diagonal plaiting, twill, coiled and knotless netting.
Some examples are diatoms and algae.
Some examples are dictionary, list, yearbook, etc.
Some examples are different countries, races, economic classes, or religions.
Some examples are digital image processing and speech processing by computer.
Some examples are 'dingo' and 'kangaroo'.
Some examples are dipel, neem, insecticidal soap and pyrethrum.
Some examples are discussed below.
Some examples are discussion groups, reminiscence, art, music and intergenerational programming.
Some examples are drop boxes, contextual menus, compression via renaming and the like.
Some examples are drop boxes, contextual menu's, decompression via renaming and the like.
Some examples are dung beetles, bat droppings, and powdered earthworms.
Some examples are earthquakes, volcanoes, sea vents, and movements of continents.
Some examples are Economic psychology and Medical psychology.
Some examples are ecstacy, uppers and speed.
Some examples are eggs, milk, meat, and poultry.
Some examples are e-mail, bulletin boards, and computer conferences.
Some examples are environmental engineering, graphic design, and ornamental horticulture.
Some examples are even a bit brutal.
Some examples are evolution, abortion, religion, etc.
Some examples are excerpts.
Some examples are excessive alcohol consumption, smoking, or a family history of cancer.
Some examples are eyeglasses, contacts, deductibles, and copayments.
Some examples are faxes and an e-mail reminder service.
Some examples are fenugreek, turmeric, tamarind, cloves, cardamom, cinnamon and pepper.
Some examples are ferry flights, and test flights following maintenance.
Some examples are figs, dates, raisins, peaches, pears, apricots, celery, cabbage and corn.
Some examples are figs, dates, raisins, peaches, pears, apricots, celery, cabbage, and corn.
Some examples are Finland, Sweden, Japan, the Netherlands, Hungary, and Thailand.
Some examples are flax , jute , kenaf , industrial hemp , ramie , rattan , and vine fibers.
Some examples are fleas, ticks, mosquitoes and rodents.
Some examples are Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, New York, and Oregon.
Some examples are flow fields, velocity fields forces and other gradient data.
Some examples are flower color, leaf shape, leaf margin and seed type.
Some examples are folk song, classic literature, calligraphy, and much more.
Some examples are food booths, shooting booths, water booths, etc.
Some examples are food packaging, insulation, automobile bumpers, and credit cards.
Some examples are food scientist, marketing, and technical positions.
Some examples are foreign languages, music appreciation, PE, and art.
Some examples are frames, icons, logos, special bolded headlines, etc.
Some examples are fruit juices, candy, jelly, and sugar-free gum.
Some examples are fruit, avocados, cacao for chocolate, and trees for firewood.
Some examples are ftp, pop and older versions of sendmail .
Some examples are ftp.iup.edu, maple.grove.iup.edu or oak.oakland.edu.
Some examples are fuel, driver wages and administrative expense.
Some examples are furniture coatings, air-dry industrial coatings, and automotive refinish coatings.
Some examples are genetics, poverty, racism, sexism and environment.
Some examples are given here.
Some examples are goodwill and licences for an unlimited period.
Some examples are graphics, spreadsheet and word processor files.
Some examples are grases such as wheat, corn, rye, and rice.
Some examples are grasses, palm trees, lilies, iris, and orchids.
Some examples are grasses, poppies, petunias and peas.
Some examples are groundnut, cashew nut, walnut, pistachio and badam.
Some examples are group discussion, watch video, read a story, brainstorm relevant questions, etc.
Some examples are guenons, mangabeys, macaques, baboons, and colobus monkeys.
Some examples are hair, fibers, blood, soil, paint, and glass fragments.
Some examples are handbooks, tutorials, and sourcebooks.
Some examples are Happy Hours, intramurals, etc.
Some examples are hayrides, progressive dinners, barn parties, gym parties or game nights.
Some examples are head-up and multifunction avionics, as well as automotive display systems.
Some examples are heels, soles, bicycle tire treads and flooring.
Some examples are helpful.
Some examples are hernia repair, removing gall bladders and removing varicose veins.
Some examples are homemade treats, trail mix, cards, letters, weaves, and others.
Some examples are hot pots, hair dryers and electric blankets.
Some examples are humorous, while others are quite serious.
Some examples are hurricanes, fires, floods and tornadoes.
Some examples are illusions of size, shape, direction, motion, and perspective.
Some examples are in order.
Some examples are in the box below.
Some examples are in the chart.
Some examples are in the form of games.
Some examples are in the table below.
Some examples are inlet system channels, indentations, and so forth.
Some examples are installation gifts, composites, personal scrapbooks, and picture frames.
Some examples are instructional materials, maintenance, and transportation.
Some examples are instructional.
Some examples are instrument housings, medical products, and electrical connectors.
Some examples are intercoolers, preheaters, boilers and condensers in power plants.
Some examples are intrauterine lead and methylmercury exposure and intrauterine PCB exposures.
Some examples are jpeg , gif , and tiff .
Some examples are kale soup, chowders, and bread products.
Some examples are lack of participation in wine and desserts and refraining from sex.
Some examples are language club officer, tutor, etc.
Some examples are large public clocks , but others are instruments for use inside buildings .
Some examples are large public clocks, but others are instruments for use inside buildings.
Some examples are lawnmowers, snowblowers, digital cameras, laptops and big screen TV's.
Some examples are letters, memos, all text reports, and manuscripts.
Some examples are lettuce, cabbage, parsley, spinach, endive, etc.
Some examples are lilac, rose, and teal.
Some examples are listed below.
Some examples are listed in the Homeowner section that follows.
Some examples are lithium, sodium, and potassium.
Some examples are ls, cd, grep, find and chmod to name just a select few.
Some examples are madam, eve, abba.
Some examples are managerial decision-making, product planning, market expansion, etc.
Some examples are manual sections, booklets, and brochures.
Some examples are marshy areas, bridges, aqueducts, fountains and much, much, more.
Some examples are meat, milk, butter, ice cream and cheese.
Some examples are medical imaging, weather tracking, and space exploration just to name a few.
Some examples are medicines and perfumes.
Some examples are melon, stone fruit, broccoli, spinach, leafy greens, tomatoes, carrot and pumpkin.
Some examples are memorabilia auctions, electronic e-books, premium access to web sites.
Some examples are milk and egg quotas.
Some examples are monkeys, bats, frogs, and insects.
Some examples are most likely in order.
Some examples are museums, government agencies, and professional organizations.
Some examples are mutton, chicken, eggs and all edible birds, fish, crab, lobsters and shrimp.
Some examples are names, dates, and events.
Some examples are nausea, vomiting, lack of or increased appetite, and altered taste.
Some examples are nautical, sports, tropical, etc.
Some examples are nickel tetracarbonyl, phosphine, and osmium tetroxide.
Some examples are nicotine, pyrethrins, and strychnine.
Some examples are Nigeria, Kenya, Ghana, the Philippines, and Malta.
Some examples are obvious such as warranty work or return policies.
Some examples are obvious.
Some examples are olive oil, sweet almond oil, apricot kernel oil, sesame oil, and grapeseed oil.
Some examples are OMR, electronic or physical endorsing, barcode recognizers, etc.
Some examples are on page as well as in the pictures below.
Some examples are ongoing teasing, disparagement, belittling or excluding individuals.
Some examples are OpenGL , custom control panels or dual CRT support.
Some examples are order fulfillment, order delivery, credit card processing and customer service.
Some examples are paint and wallpaper.
Some examples are pancakes, muffins, biscuits, and cakes.
Some examples are parity c omplexes, pasting schemes and directed complexes.
Some examples are part of the legend of computing.
Some examples are particularly egregious.
Some examples are payback period, net present value and internal rate of return.
Some examples are pencils, pens, books, highlighters etc.
Some examples are perl startup of perl program, including getopts line and some use lines.
Some examples are perl, gcc and patch.
Some examples are petroglyphs.
Some examples are pictures, posters, poems, etc.
Some examples are pines, redwood, fir, spruce, and cypress.
Some examples are poison ivy, poison oak, and poison sumac.
Some examples are political graffiti, sexual graffiti, romantic graffiti, racial graffiti and so on.
Some examples are politics, trucks, and animals.
Some examples are polymer chemistry, photochemistry and mechanistic organic chemistry.
Some examples are poor growth in a child, poor eating habits, and tooth decay.
Some examples are postage stamp or all four corners or the whole board needs to be filled.
Some examples are potential energy, volume, and water-accessible surface area.
Some examples are praise, attention, money, and tokens.
Some examples are predator, grazer, hunter-gatherer, scavenger, and parasite.
Some examples are pressures, liquid level, power etc.
Some examples are price inflation, corporate profits and stock market indexes.
Some examples are probably now in order.
Some examples are process tracking, cost recalculation, order entry, and tracking.
Some examples are product type, and product department.
Some examples are pronghorns, bison, prairie dogs, owls, field mice.
Some examples are propeller, engine, or flight control changes.
Some examples are protective relays, power modules, overcurrent protection.
Some examples are provided here.
Some examples are public hangings, ambushes, cries for help, and animal attacks.
Some examples are quartz, calcite, and galena.
Some examples are radios, camcorder rechargers and computers.
Some examples are range checks, date validations, database lookups and multi-field calculations.
Some examples are raspberry , blueberry and lingonberry .
Some examples are raspberry, blueberry and lingonberry.
Some examples are real old and tall and form trees with the most fantastic limb shapes.
Some examples are recreation, record keeping, public presentations or community service activities.
Some examples are relationships of kind, size, spatial contiguity, or degree.
Some examples are repeated measures data, longitudinal studies, and nested designs.
Some examples are restraint contact wit h people.
Some examples are ribbon, satin cording, gold or silver.
Some examples are roaches, dragonflies, and grasshoppers.
Some examples are R-rated movies, filters on the internet, and banning of books.
Some examples are safety, food, what to wear, transportation, and shelter.
Some examples are salamanders, sculpin and spring fish.
Some examples are salmon, flounder, and halibut.
Some examples are salmon, halibut and carp.
Some examples are schools of fish or flocks of birds.
Some examples are seasons, family, occupations, ABCs, counting, dinosaurs, etc.
Some examples are secure distribution of speech and data.
Some examples are seen below.
Some examples are seizure, fainting, migraine headache, or general medical or cardiac condition.
Some examples are shampoo, paper towels, soap and dishwashing liquid.
Some examples are shapes or numbers.
Some examples are shown below.
Some examples are shown in the table below.
Some examples are silver with red enameled centers.
Some examples are singalong song, festively pooh , the post office etc.
Some examples are slow taps with their hands or fast.
Some examples are social skills, leadership skills, and multiple intelligences.
Some examples are socialism, communism, and capitalism.
Some examples are solar power, wind power, and energy generated from burning landfill gas.
Some examples are solenoids, relays, VDUs, safety buzzers, or motors.
Some examples are soundness, disease and pest resistance, and temperament.
Some examples are sports psychology and industrial psychology.
Some examples are stationery, wrapping paper, computer paper, and many containers.
Some examples are storage, network, display, and memory classes.
Some examples are student grades, discipline referrals, standardized test results, and demographics.
Some examples are student recitals, faculty recitals, and choir performances.
Some examples are student recitals, faculty recitals, band concerts, and choir performances.
Some examples are students projects others are examples from industry.
Some examples are styrofoam coffee cups, radios, notebooks, phones, plastic bins, etc.
Some examples are sugar cookies and gingerbread cookies.
Some examples are sugars , starch , and cellulose .
Some examples are sugars, starch, and cellulose.
Some examples are tall, short, tiny and king-sized.
Some examples are teachers, librarians and teacher's aides.
Some examples are teachers, librarians, and teachers' aides.
Some examples are team approaches, involuntary transfers, unit merging and skill mix changes.
Some examples are team leader or five years experience in accounting or analog computer.
Some examples are teleconferences, home study courses, or activities provided over the Internet.
Some examples are telephone services, gas and oil purchases, etc.
Some examples are telephones that flash when ringing and close captioning on television.
Some examples are telephones, computer games, washing machines, credit card readers etc.
Some examples are temporary investment income and insurance rebates.
Some examples are the anti-paladin and the assassin.
Some examples are the bald eagle and offsprey.
Some examples are the banhu , the erhu , the gaohu , the gehu and the zhonghu .
Some examples are the bells, the cymbals, the gu , the luo , the muyu and the junlou .
Some examples are the blue shark and bull sharks .
Some examples are the building of schools, buying of school supplies, paying for vaccinations, etc.
Some examples are the desert or the tropical rain forest.
Some examples are the diameter of a bearing or the thickness of a newly minted coin.
Some examples are the digestive , reproductive, respiratory, excretory , and nervous systems.
Some examples are the flying squirrel, the wood rat and the deer mouse.
Some examples are the following.
Some examples are the fungi which decompose dead, and sometimes living, tissue, for their food.
Some examples are the mouse, the graphics interface, and disk operations.
Some examples are the pain of kidney stones or a broken bone.
Some examples are the rhino, tiger and gorilla.
Some examples are the things kids are faced with today that take courage.
Some examples are the tree crew, irrigation staff, and browse staff.
Some examples are the United States, Russia, India, Canada, Brazil, Nigeria and Germany.
Some examples are the use of conventional motors for powering electric cars.
Some examples are timber sales, grazing fees, permit fees, oil and gas royalties, etc.
Some examples are tiny algae, diatoms and protozoa.
Some examples are tomatoes, corn, and summer and winter squash.
Some examples are too small to be viewed clearly.
Some examples are too undifferentiated to classify, even with advances in immunohistochemistry.
Some examples are tools, food products, and medical equipment.
Some examples are topics dealing with stereotypes, death, and beliefs and ideologies.
Some examples are TPN, chemotherapy, surgery, amiodarone, etc.
Some examples are transfusion medicine and fine needle aspiration.
Some examples are travel posters, brochures, car ads, etc.
Some examples are trees, flowers, or grasses.
Some examples are trichinella, found in pork, pinworms, hookworms, and brainworms.
Some examples are tricot knits and raschel knits.
Some examples are truck dispatching, resource scheduling, empty and full container management, etc.
Some examples are true tones of blue, red, or green.
Some examples are tulips, daisies, lilies and trees.
Some examples are tulips, wheat, rice, cotton, tomatoes and many others.
Some examples are turtles, surface fish, snakes and some mammals.
Some examples are TV station to home, satellite to home or business, and long-distance telephone.
Some examples are twin day and sports day.
Some examples are undercharge, underdeveloped, underestimate, and underfeed.
Some examples are unemployment, disaster relief, and farm programs.
Some examples are Usenet groups, hyperlinking, e-mail and how to make Internet relationships.
Some examples are Victorian, Art deco, and Art nouveau.
Some examples are video adapters, hard drive controllers, and the like.
Some examples are video cards, modem cards, sound cards and network cards.
Some examples are video, voice, data and print.
Some examples are vintage dated and can improve with extended bottle age.
Some examples are virus scanning, updating software, etc.
Some examples are vocal toning, chanting, drumming and melodic improvisation.
Some examples are water, smoke, dust and shadows.
Some examples are waterfalls, volcanoes, hurricanes, and stars.
Some examples are Web publishing, class discussion lists, and word processing.
Some examples are wedding parties, family outings, or corporate hunts.
Some examples are weight training, walking and jogging.
Some examples are whole nuts, large peas or beans, popcorn, grapes or large berries.
Some examples are women or children using a rod that is too heavy or that has too large a grip.
Some examples are women's playdays, holiday events, summer BBQ's, junior events and many others.
Some examples are wood, municipal solid waste, sewage, and natural gas.
Some examples are word processing files, spread sheets, or even the binary programs themselves.
Some examples are word processing, spreadsheets, databases and electronic mail.
Some examples are worth noting.
Some examples are xerox expense, entertainment, audio visual, etc.
Some examples are x-rays, radioactivity, and electricity.
Some examples are xylene, ethyl ether, and acetone.
Some examples are yoga, hypnosis, biofeedback, and meditation.
Some examples are, old hand and face towels, blankets, paper bags and newspaper.
Some examples are-liquid into liquid, and gas into gas.
Some examples bear incised detailing for anatomical features like genitals.
Some examples can be illustrative.
Some examples can serve to make the idea more clear.
Some examples cause errors to be signaled.
Some examples come from gases.
Some examples come to light.
Some examples come to mind.
Some examples concerning the change for women are their dresses, shirts and skirts.
Some examples contain both accurate and fanciful material.
Some examples demonstrate complexity.
Some examples demonstrate conflict.
Some examples demonstrate how agonising the decision to conceal or to disclose can be.
Some examples demonstrate potential conflict.
Some examples demonstrate power.
Some examples demonstrate technology.
Some examples demonstrate the feasibility of our approach.
Some examples demonstrate the possibility of applications for drive simulators in the future.
Some examples depend on other examples due to permanently stored models.
Some examples depict ethical actions and others portray unethical activity.
Some examples describe in paragraphs.
Some examples do have handles added on in various ways, and some are hammered.
Some examples encourage readers.
Some examples exist in countries.
Some examples exist, but they are quite rare.
Some examples follow at the end.
Some examples follow below.
Some examples follow where something other than an explanation of overthrusts is called for.
Some examples follow, both good and bad.
Some examples follow.
Some examples have a bit of a reach to the bar.
Some examples have a papillary structure with a villous surface.
Some examples have an almost transparent matrix with very few inclusions.
Some examples have corresponding analysis. . .
Some examples have edges.
Some examples have needle tips.
Some examples have video clips available .
Some examples help to show how peer pressure is already at work in distance education cultures.
Some examples hold breaths.
Some examples illustrate ability.
Some examples illustrate capacity.
Some examples illustrate complexity.
Some examples illustrate diversity.
Some examples illustrate energy.
Some examples illustrate ideas.
Some examples illustrate reaction.
Some examples illustrate the point.
Some examples illustrate the range.
Some examples illustrate the theory.
Some examples illustrate.
Some examples introduce the template mechanism step by step.
Some examples involve friction.
Some examples involve interaction.
Some examples involve reaction.
Some Examples Let's begin with a really small example.
Some Examples Let's look at some examples.
Some examples Let's picture a couple of examples from the life of a typical father.
Some examples Let's take some examples.
Some examples make intuitive senses.
Some examples make senses.
Some examples make the process clear.
Some examples promote products.
Some examples prove evolution.
Some examples prove genetic evolution.
Some examples prove the point.
Some examples quickly come to mind.
Some examples relate to pollination.
Some examples require stimuli.
Some examples show applications.
Some examples show beautiful 'copper-plate' 'writings' on the stones.
Some examples show characteristics.
Some examples show complexity.
Some examples show concepts.
Some examples show death.
Some examples show evidence of heat treating .
Some examples show growth.
Some examples show how it works.
Some examples show in tables.
Some examples show kinds.
Some examples show laminations or other mint-made defects.
Some examples show only partial data.
Some examples show outcomes.
Some examples show possible genetic outcomes.
Some examples show possible outcomes.
Some examples show potential values.
Some examples show products.
Some examples show reductions.
Some examples show values.
Some examples shown here include political parodies, advertisements, and works of fiction.
Some examples splay also towards the extremity.
Some examples spring to mind.
Some examples suggest aspects.
Some examples support above hypotheses.
Some examples support hypotheses.
Some examples support theories.
Some examples take places.
Some examples use reproduction.
Some examples use sexual reproduction.
Some examples use voice input and playback.
Some examples wave behavior are interference, diffraction, and polorization.
An exarch is a bishop
Exarch sounds good.
Exasperation is standard on that model.
Exasperation is vexation
Exasperation turns to fury when it comes to immigration.
Excavated material is transported to a licensed facility in Utah for recycling and disposal.
Most excavated skeletons are missingat least a few bones.
Excavation also continues throughout the project limits.
Excavation begins for footings to support walls and columns of the new backstage wall.
Excavation begins for the addition.
Excavation begins shortly after the design of the winning team is chosen.
Excavation can also be dangerous, and worker safety is always an issue.
Excavation can be dirty and frustrating.
Excavation can provide a glimpse of spatial organization in fine detail.
Excavation continues .
Excavation continues at the site, discovered at the end of the last century.
Excavation continues for foundations in the south section of the building.
Excavation continues today with thrilling discoveries occurring regularly.
Excavation creates a feeding depression which helps retain prey.
Excavation creates pressure on the rock.
Excavation Have the children get into pairs.
Excavation initially involves the removal of any topsoil overburden by machine.
Excavation involves the recovery of several types of data from a site.
Excavation involves the removal of deposited waste from a selected area of the landfill.
Excavation is a creation
Excavation is a lot of fun.
Excavation is a team effort.
Excavation is a very formal process.
Excavation is another way to preserve and gain archaeological information.
Excavation is artifacts.
Excavation is at a minimum, and landscaping is inexpensive.
Excavation is carried out in specially designed educational units.
Excavation is complete.
Excavation is destruction.
Excavation is difficult where a pit latrine is built on rock or boulders.
Excavation is done in ten-foot square units by divers in full scuba gear.
Excavation is great fun, but it requires attention to detail and hard physical work.
Excavation is just one stage of archaeological research.
Excavation is just the beginning of exploring a shipwreck.
Excavation is located in archeological sites.
Excavation is located in cities.
Excavation is located in construction sites.
Excavation is located in deserts.
Excavation is located in quarries.
Excavation is minimized, and repair costs are controlled.
Excavation is most useful in areas with low-density invasions.
Excavation is often expensive and can be extremely disruptive to traffic and pedestrians.
Excavation is one of the archaeologist's fundamental means of learning about the past.
Excavation is only the start of archaeology.
Excavation is performed to recover relationships between material objects left by human behavior.
Excavation is required in order to prevent property damage.
Excavation is scheduled to begin next month.
Excavation is slow and careful, using a technique known as hand-fanning.
Excavation is still underway.
Excavation is the most expensive phase of archaeological research, in relative terms.
Excavation is the most expensive phase of archaeological research.
Excavation is used for mining.
Excavation is very effective in removing contamination and is commonly used at remediation sites.
Excavation proceeds until cleanup goals are met.
Excavation takes place to reveal the existing foundation.
Excavation then begins on the area around the fossil.
Excavations also take place on other sites.
Excavations are currently underway.
Excavations are difficult to protect because they are often out in the open.
Excavations are expensive, however.
Excavations are over, but the massive earthworks are still easy to find on the wooded hilltop.
Excavations are slow and expensive.
Excavations are still in progress here, and it seems that new treasures are discovered regularly.
Excavations are subject to cancellation and rescheduling due to weather conditions.
Excavations are to be left uncovered until the inspection is made and passed.
Excavations are unfortunately destructive to archaeological sites.
Excavations begin at Egyptian necropolis.
Excavations begin in preparation for the laying of the physical foundation.
Excavations can also damage underground utilities.
Excavations can also present a fall-hazard to both workers and pedestrians.
Excavations can only take place with archaeological supervision.
Excavations can pose tricky dilemmas.
Excavations continue around the barn.
Excavations continue on the site, and a small number of volunteers are accepted.
Excavations continue there, but if it is any indication, the site watchman sports a loaded rifle.
Excavations continue today.
Excavations continue under the direction of museum staff.
Excavations downslope by the river revealed a more complex situation.
Excavations finds in dolmens include pottery, stone tools, polished axes and jewellery.
Excavations have to stop in Upper Egypt for at least ten years and directed to the Delta.
Excavations indicate an earthen bank held in place by timbers and fronted by a v-shaped ditch.
Excavations show almost no proof of domestic beef or pork.
Excavations show an enormous wealth of artistic know how.
Excavations show that it was a place of burial and religious ceremony.
Excavations show that it was inhabited since the palaeolithic age.
Excavations show that the site originally contained just a giant stone ship.
Excavations show the moat, cellar, well, and magazine area of the fort.
Excavations suggest far greater continuity between the two periods than previously believed.
Excavations suggest the city was repeatedly devastated by some large force.
Excavations take place during inclement weather in an urban environment.
Excavations there yield some of the most spectacular treasures of the age.
Excavation often involves discovering fragile dinosaur bones in solid rock.
All excavation is done by hand, so there is no heavy equipment to damage the lawn.
Any excavation requires a crack technical support team.
Many excavations begin processing of artifacts almost immediately in a field laboratory.
Many excavations now warn inexperienced diggers in advance of such things.
Many excavations remain unanalyzed and unpublished.
Most excavation is now rescue archaeology, with the developer compelled to pay for the work.
Most excavations have at least one full-time photographer.
Most excavations schedule a rest period following lunch.
Some excavations have dark rooms and process their film daily.
An excavator is a machine
Excavator digging tunnel is in center left.
Excavator starts breaking up patio.
Excavators are also capable of working on relatively steep slopes.
Excavators are human and sometimes have their own biases.
Excavators are no longer able to export significant amounts of artifacts for analysis abroad.
Excavators are particularly effective where skidtrails or natural plateaus improve access.
Excavators are perhaps the best-known type of construction vehicle.
Excavators are workmans.
Excavators cover all open units at the end of each day to prevent damage from rainfall.
Excavators equipped with special ditch-cleaning buckets are a preferred way to clean ditches.
Excavators find all kinds of evidence of the ancient environment.
Excavators is their ample power.
Excavators uncover rock formations so tough that new methods and stronger machinery are needed.
Excavators use a transit to record surface elevations across the site.
Excavators use trowels to carefully unearth a cluster of fire-cracked rock.
All excavators have a duty of care when digging.
Excedrin formulations are available both with and without aspirin.
Every exceeding production is given to the student's families and to the schools' employees.
Many exceiting things take place in the movie.
Excel spreadsheet shows percentage of funds obligated, committed, and expended.
Excellant views are well.
Excellence abounds in everything from housing and schools to health care and shopping.
Excellence abounds throughout. . . .
Excellence actually embraces it.
Excellence allows room for a mixture.
Excellence also prevails in elementary and middle schools.
Excellence attracts excellence.
Excellence becomes routine.
Excellence begins with obedience.
Excellence begins with outstanding personnel.
Excellence breeds character, and character breeds excellence.
Excellence breeds excellence.
Excellence can be hard to find, but there is a lot of good music out there.
Excellence can only flourish in an atmosphere of fairness.
Excellence can only result from the full and continuing support of everyone involved.
Excellence characterizes the academic program at the Abbey.
Excellence combined with enthusiasm is a winning combination.
Excellence comes as standard.
Excellence comes from a sincere desire to make a positive difference.
Excellence comes from focusing on one subject area in great depth.
Excellence comes from hard work and and dedication.
Excellence comes from having many choices.
Excellence comes from making more knowledgeable choices.
Excellence comes from within.
Excellence comes in many forms.
Excellence consists of developing what is good and eliminating what is bad.
Excellence costs money.
Excellence creates hope.
Excellence Deliver operational excellence to our customers in each of our restaurants.
Excellence demands a goal or point to shoot for, and that is the willingness to step out on faith.
Excellence demands commitment and a tenacious dedication from the leadership of the organization.
Excellence demands commitment and tenacious dedication from the leadership of the organisation.
Excellence demands competition among students and among schools.
Excellence demands competition.
Excellence deserves recognition.
Excellence dies under the world system's all-tolerating hand.
Excellence Establishes a standard of excellence and code of professional conduct.
Excellence exists in every city.
Excellence extends to the student body.
Excellence flows from doing little things well, consistently.
Excellence grows old and so does fame.
Excellence has a price tag.
Excellence has both a cost and an outcome.
Excellence Has No Bounds.
Excellence has no substitute.
Excellence has nothing to do with size.
Excellence has to be constantly achieved.
Excellence has to do with an inner strength, and that is what it s all about.
Excellence here is more than just a concept.
Excellence increases demands Critics gather to spot tinier flaws as work nears perfection.
Excellence increases demands.
Excellence involves desire plus discipline plus determination.
Excellence involves mastering the fundamentals while welcoming innovation.
Excellence involves one's sense of identity.
Excellence involves only acceptance.
Excellence is a core value of every faculty member - every person in the academic community.
Excellence is a delicate flower.
Excellence is a function of mutual inspiration and support in pursuit of a shared purpose.
Excellence is a habit.
Excellence is a high cost item.
Excellence is a high task achieved through equally high virtues.
Excellence is a language of the powerful, which effaces the social basis of that power.
Excellence is a matter of doing a lot of small things well.
Excellence is a measure in relation to context, objectives and available resources.
Excellence is a measurement, and that has with it a sense of accountability.
Excellence is a mindset.
Excellence is a moving target.
Excellence is a never ending journey.
Excellence is a new award scheme for community web sites.
Excellence is a new scheme for community web sites.
Excellence is a one-word summation of our vision.
Excellence is a process, a mode of thinking, and an ongoing exercise in planning and improvement.
Excellence is a progressive process.
Excellence is a proven performance of exceptional high quality and productivity.
Excellence is a proven tradition of Kansas' oldest university.
Excellence is a quality that is recognized by comparison.
Excellence is a state of being.
Excellence is a state of mind put into action.
Excellence is a state of mind, an attitude, revealed in a passionate impatience with mediocrity.
Excellence is a very fragile thing.
Excellence is a way of life.
Excellence is a word heard often at good and great universities.
Excellence is accompanied by envy.
Excellence is achievable and always worth the investment.
Excellence is achievable and worth pursuing.
Excellence is achievable and worth the investment.
Excellence is achievable every day.
Excellence is achievable when it is defined and there is commitment.
Excellence is achievable, measurable and always worth the investment.
Excellence is achievable.
Excellence is achieved by personal commitment and practice.
Excellence is achieved by using a holistic approach and the energy of a multidisciplinary team.
Excellence is achieved through education, training, innovation and technology.
Excellence is achieved through the constant pursuit of equity, student welfare and sportsmanship.
Excellence is achieved when actions exceed the desired outcome.
Excellence is achieved when individuals strive for their maximum potential.
Excellence is achieved when the dog performs the command the first time the command is given.
Excellence is all about quality.
Excellence is all aspects of our ministry, mission and service.
Excellence is also our commitment, and accountability is our means for growing and improving.
Excellence is an achievable standard to strive for.
Excellence is an actuality, a reality justified by our goddess.
Excellence is an art won by training and habit.
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation.
Excellence is an attitude that results in superior performance.
Excellence is an organisation's lifeline.
Excellence is an organization's life-line.
Excellence is another matter.
Excellence is assumed by the purchaser prior to placing an attorney on the short list.
Excellence is at the base of the list because it is the base of the twenty-first century.
Excellence is available to all, but sadly is sought by only a few.
Excellence is based on clear priorities and a common commitment to excellence.
Excellence is being achieved, the report concludes.
Excellence is both cooperation and competition contributing to the larger whole.
Excellence is built and sustained by the community.
Excellence is claimed and mediocrity is rejected.
Excellence is contagious.
Excellence is cultivated.
Excellence is defined as performance that meets or exceeds real world requirements.
Excellence is defined as reducing health risks and showing positive impacts on the business.
Excellence is demonstrated when there are no conscious steps in the mind of the performer.
Excellence is determined according to objective and subjective criteria.
Excellence is earned and it requires hard work, diligence, creativity, and patience.
Excellence is easier to obtain in the small church.
Excellence is emphasized in all the variety of programs offered at our school.
Excellence is encouraged in academics and community service projects.
Excellence is ensured through a rigorous peer-review process.
Excellence is Everything.
Excellence is features.
Excellence is found in the caring, in the trying, in the doing.
Excellence is habit.
Excellence is high standards.
Excellence is important to getting people to return .
Excellence is important.
Excellence is in the details.
Excellence is irrelevant.
Excellence is it's own reward.
Excellence is largely a matter of details.
Excellence is more than a word.
Excellence is never an accident.
Excellence is never cheap.
Excellence is no accident.
Excellence is nothing more than doing common things well.
Excellence is nothing new for the junior history major.
Excellence is obtained through the shared comm itment of all members of a learning community.
Excellence is our absolute standard.
Excellence is our aim in all spheres of school life.
Excellence is our baseline from which our tradition has been built.
Excellence is our benchmark.
Excellence is our business.
Excellence is our constant quest.
Excellence is our driving motivation.
Excellence is our goal . . .
Excellence is our goal both in content and appearance.
Excellence is our goal, professionalism, service, sincerity and continuous learning are our means .
Excellence is our goal, understanding our foundation.
Excellence is our goal.
Excellence is our hallmark.
Excellence is our main criterion.
Excellence is our measure of acceptability.
Excellence is our mission.
Excellence is our only criterion.
Excellence is our only standard.
Excellence is our passion.
Excellence is our standard - knowledge is our most important tool.
Excellence is our standard.
Excellence is our tradition and excellence is the cornerstone of our continued journey.
Excellence is our ultimate goal.
Excellence is perhaps the most important obligation of a professional and a student.
Excellence is perhaps the most important obligation of a professional.
Excellence is predicated on continuous improvement.
Excellence is promoted in all our endeavors.
Excellence is promoted when investments are guided by merit review.
Excellence is promoted when investments are guided by review.
Excellence is pursued because it is, of itself, a right thing to strive for.
Excellence is quality
Excellence is quality.
Excellence is quality.
Excellence is reflected in improved client outcomes and organizational performance.
Excellence is required of participants in all divisions and styles of racing.
Excellence is rewarded.
Excellence is said to be in the past or future.
Excellence is second nature with our students.
Excellence is something that is lasting and dependable and largely within a persons control.
Excellence is something that is lasting and dependable and largely within a person's control.
Excellence is stifled and competition is seen as harmful.
Excellence is stressed in both singing and acting, but fun is always the result.
Excellence is stressed in both teaching and research.
Excellence is stressed in the products and services offered .
Excellence is supported by a diverse community.
Excellence is taken for granted.
Excellence is that area of high quality, of outstanding endeavor.
Excellence is the ability to do the exercises of success.
Excellence is the best deterrent to racism, excellence is the best deterrent to sexism.
Excellence is the byword.
Excellence is the exceptional drive to exceed expectations.
Excellence is the focus.
Excellence is the foundation of our continuing success.
Excellence is the goal in all efforts.
Excellence is the goal.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to be better.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.
Excellence is the gradual result of always wanting to do better.
Excellence is the hallmark of North East schools.
Excellence is the hallmark of our business association with clients.
Excellence is the higher value, more than creativity and expression.
Excellence is the key that opens any door and our attitude is the word that changes everything.
Excellence is the keystone of area education.
Excellence is the mantra and the metric.
Excellence is the measure for all our actions.
Excellence is the name of the game here from the services to the amenities.
Excellence is the objective.
Excellence is the only answer.
Excellence is the only standard.
Excellence is the overriding consideration in every undertaking.
Excellence is the process of constantly working to make things better.
Excellence is the product of valuing every member's contribution.
Excellence is the result achieved by utilizing a clinical and educational approach to all clients.
Excellence is the result of high character merging with high competence.
Excellence is the reward that lies beyond the comfort zone.
Excellence is the standard for our instructional team.
Excellence is the standard, and mediocrity is unacceptable.
Excellence is their bench-mark.
Excellence is their only criterion.
Excellence is to be sought at all times.
Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
Excellence is to do a common thing is an uncommon way.
Excellence Is Tradition.
Excellence is truly a part of our mission.
Excellence is very valuable, and it is open to anyone who commits to follow it.
Excellence is virtually always a prerequisite for phenomenal growth.
Excellence is vital for international competitiveness and the advancement of knowledge.
Excellence is winsome to seekers and believers alike.
Excellence is worth our total commitment.
Excellence is worth the cost only when it improves the quality of life.
Excellence is worth the cost.
Excellence is worth the costs.
Excellence is worth the investment.
Excellence is worth the price of time, money, and energy.
Excellence is yet another concept.
Excellence isa quality.
Excellence justifies the investment.
Excellence knows no artificial distinctions of genre.
Excellence makes people take notice.
Excellence matters every time for every client.
Excellence means always exceeding expectations.
Excellence means being exceptionally good and of the highest quality.
Excellence means being prepared, attentive, and involved.
Excellence means caring.
Excellence means going far beyond the line of duty, doing more than others expect.
Excellence means never being satisfied.
Excellence means to raise oneself, to surpass, to rise, to project.
Excellence occurs when an instructional system provides each learner with a high level of challenge.
Excellence ought to be the prime consideration for new houses on North Broadway.
Excellence produces quality , quality produces permanence and permanence reproduces excellence.
Excellence Promote excellence in qualitative research through education and research.
Excellence Provides links to sites that are biology related.
Excellence reaches far beyond it.
Excellence really speaks.
Excellence refers to the way in which leaders live and act in the executive of their vision.
Excellence reflects ingenuity and performance beyond requirements.
Excellence requires a blend of talented people who enjoy their commitment.
Excellence requires an expectation of continuous improvement.
Excellence requires both commitment and competence.
Excellence requires commitment to clearly defined high goals.
Excellence requires expertise sufficient to each task.
Excellence requires innovation, different perspectives, and change.
Excellence requires investment.
Excellence requires more.
Excellence requires sacrifice.
Excellence requires selectivity and focus.
Excellence requires study and practice.
Excellence See also superiority Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing well.
Excellence services a large number of different manufacturers units.
Excellence speaks for itself.
Excellence stands out.
Excellence starts with leaders of character who engage in the entire process of leadership.
Excellence still is considered primarily in terms of traditional output measures of scholarship.
Excellence supports action more than written reporting.
Excellence takes a bit longer.
Excellence takes care of itself.
Excellence takes togetherness.
Excellence therefore is discovered, chiefly by d oing what is great and wise and good.
Excellence Understand our business and how it relates to the needs of our institution.
Excellence walks into our schoolhouse on two feet everyday.
Excellence always leads to success.
Excellence Always strive for excellence.
Excellence often means doing more with less.
All excellence involves discipline and tenacity of purpose.
An excellency is a feature
Excellency implies that the content of the journal is of the highest quality in the field.
Excellent access is available to the nation's major transportation arteries.
Excellent access is provided by web and printed resources.
Excellent accommodation is available here with a swimming pool, restaurant and other amenities.
Excellent accommodation is available locally.
Excellent accommodation is found along the way.
Excellent accommodations are available for every taste and budget.
Excellent accommodations are available.
Excellent accuracy is obtained for a very wide range of absorption coefficients.
Excellent acoustics abound and the technical quality is first-rate.
Excellent activity is inherently pleasurable to the virtuous person.
Excellent adhesion prevents rust and pitting, peeling and checking.
Excellent adhesion promotes long term durability.
Excellent adhesion Weathering resistance is rather good.
Excellent administration interfaces.
Excellent advice is given on how to successfully deal with shyness.
Excellent aeration increases yields and lowers costs.
Many excellent agencies are in surrounding towns that also require a car.
Excellent agitation is achieved through the aggressive brush action of the machine.
Excellent agreement demonstrates the effectiveness of numerical modeling for the forward problem.
Excellent agreement is achieved.
Excellent agreement is found between the experimental and the theoretical results for all cases.
Excellent agreement is obtained between the experimental and computational results.
Excellent agreement is obtained.
Excellent agreement is seen.
Excellent air riflescope.
Many excellent allegiances have headquarters on the Web.
Excellent ambience is provided with a well-balanced sound track.
Excellent analysis is provided.
Excellent annotations provide descriptions and analysis of data available.
Excellent areas exist for boating, hiking, fishing, camping, hunting, skiing and snowmobiling.
Excellent arm lock out.
Excellent art is available.
Excellent articles convey the life and works of writers.
Excellent articles offer advice on spotting a fake Cuban, cigar aging and even burning.
Excellent articles report on research, methodology, models, etc.
Some excellent articles are written by ornithologists.
Some excellent articles explain the process.
Excellent assessment skills in telephone triage.
Excellent Asteroids remake with much enhanced graphics and sound and a tripple fire powerup.
Excellent attendance is critical for success.
Excellent attendance is critically important.
Some excellent baits are corn meal, grits, bread crumbs and rolled oats.
Excellent beaches are nearby and exist in plentiful supply.
Excellent beginners climb.
Excellent beginners guide.
Excellent benefits apply.
Excellent benefits are available.
Excellent benefits start day one.
Excellent bible helps archive.
Excellent bibliographies accompany each article.
Excellent bibliographies follow each chapter.
Excellent body surrounds flavorful additions of raspberry, sweet vanilla, and subtle oak tones.
Excellent book details the steps in creating a family treasure.
Excellent books are available on effective diets.
Excellent books deal with subjects.
Excellent books present approaches.
Excellent books present general approaches.
Many excellent books are also available.
Many excellent books are available for learning about ecology, ecosystems, and related subjects.
Many excellent books are available, and extensive self help resouces can be found on the Internet.
Many excellent books are available, describing for example only practical aspects or theory.
Many excellent books remain available for selection.
Most excellent books deal with subjects.
Some excellent books are available to read prior to deciding to breed a dog.
Some excellent books explain concepts.
Some excellent books feature heal herbs.
Excellent booklet describes volcanism.
Many excellent bookstores specialize in gay and lesbian literature.
Excellent breaks are available.
Excellent business offers.
Excellent buys are available.
Excellent buys are often on homes that require a little paint and soap.
Excellent camping is also available at Dominion City and Roseau River Park.
Excellent camping is found in the cottonwood groves along the river.
Excellent camping is offered on virtually all of the lakes.
Excellent campsites are available with a variety of locations and length of time in the saddle.
Excellent campsites exist all along the waterway.
Excellent candidates are contractors, equipment sellers, movers or supply companies.
All excellent candidates share three general characteristics.
Excellent car goes straight.
Excellent care includes cleanliness and good health.
Excellent care is available in all locations.
Excellent care is something all patients expect and deserve.
Excellent career related info does appear from time to time.
Excellent careers are available to graduates in Statistics.
Excellent carpets offer delightful barefoot travel throughout the home.
Excellent case analyses, which meet all case objectives.
Excellent catalog offers detailed instructions on planting meadows and prairie.
Excellent catering is available onboard and the vessel is equipped with a licensed bar.
Excellent chronologies accompany the synopses for each of the seven, hour-long programmes.
Excellent churches have a spirit of excitement.
Excellent clay is got here for the china manufacturers.
Many excellent clients are available for free or as shareware.
Excellent climbers have toes.
Most excellent climbers have toes.
Excellent coffee starts with high quality, fresh roasted beans.
Excellent coffees are also readily available.
Excellent collections are available in the biology and chemistry libraries.
Excellent collectors piece.
Excellent commissions exists for the right parties.
Excellent communication exists between enforcement agencies.
Excellent communication is what drives the quality of our services.
Excellent communication skills a plus.
Excellent communication skills a requirement.
Excellent communication skills as well as exceptional interpersonal skills.
Excellent communication skills at all levels.
Excellent communication skills Be a team player Good phone skills and customer service skills.
Excellent communication skills Be willing and able to travel internationally and within Mexico.
Excellent communication skills both in Arabic and English.
Excellent communication skills both oral and written.
Excellent communication skills both verbal and written.
Excellent communication skills both verbally and in writing.
Excellent communication skills both written and oral.
Excellent communication skills both written and verbal.
Excellent communication skills essential.
Excellent communication skills extremely important.
Excellent communication skills for educating as well as marketing.
Excellent communication skills for high call volume.
Excellent communication skills important.
Excellent communication skills in a team environment.
Excellent communication skills in all forms.
Excellent communication skills in both English and Spanish.
Excellent communication skills in both Spanish and English.
Excellent communication skills in Mandarin and English languages.
Excellent communication skills in order to deal with customer.
Excellent communication skills in order to interface with customers.
Excellent communication skills in person and via telephone.
Excellent communication skills in writing and in person are essential.
Excellent communication skills including ability to draft memos and letters and short reports.
Excellent communication skills is a plus.
Excellent communication skills manditory.
Excellent communication skills necessary and reliable transportation.
Excellent communication skills necessary, verbal and written.
Excellent communication skills on phone and on-site.
Excellent communication skills Position does require extensive travel.
Excellent communication skills Proven ability to write, edit and publish.
Excellent communication skills Strong psychological understanding of the persons to be dealt with.
Excellent communication skills to create and interpret correspondence, reports and policies.
Excellent communication skills to include public speaking skills.
Excellent communication skills to maintain confidentiality and use good judgment.
Excellent communication skills to provide advisory services for users.
Excellent communication skills to relay information effectively in adverse conditions.
Excellent communication skills to work with internal and external clients.
Excellent communication skills -verbal, written, formal presentations.
Excellent communication skills with an ability to present design concepts are essential.
Excellent communication skills with an ability to work under all conditions.
Excellent communication skills with diverse populations.
Excellent communication skills with emphasis on customer service skills.
Excellent communication skills with experience in publication preferred.
Excellent communication skills with good problem solving analysis capabilities.
Excellent communication skills with individuals of all levels.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to deal effectively with other departments.
Excellent communication skills with various deaf, hard of hearing and hearing constituencies.
Excellent communication skills, the aptitude to successfully solicit major gift.
Excellent communications can make an organisation more successful.
Excellent condition accept for some minor playing ware.
Excellent condition combine with the bracelets above and below for a killer look.
Excellent condition enamel overall.
Excellent condition has original music book.
Excellent condition looks great paired with the owl above.
Excellent condition prints at reasonable prices.
Excellent condition runs great.
Excellent conditions exist for both.
Excellent conservation easements tax benefits available.
Excellent construction produces a firm white ash and even burning.
Excellent consultancy skills with a strong knowledge of mobile communications.
Excellent cook provides daily cleaning.
Excellent counselors are just a phone call away.
Excellent covertness is claimed.
Excellent craftsmanship is our number one goal.
Excellent credit deserves an excellent credit card.
Excellent credit helps the borrower with equity to obtain a low interest rate loan.
Excellent credit is required, or no credit history is acceptable.
Many excellent cucumbers are available.
Excellent cuisine is offered by the restaurant.
Excellent cuisine is offered, as well as cocktails.
Excellent cuisine is produced in the camp kitchen by our chef.
Excellent cuisine matched with beautiful music is a winning combination for that special evening.
Excellent cuisine prepared by chefs often combine international culinary styles and tastes.
Excellent cycles remain on disks as well as most life limited airframe components.
Excellent cycles remain on virtually all disks as well as most life limited airframe components.
Excellent day hikes from either end or spend a few days and hike trail length.
Many excellent debaters find it difficult to make the transition f rom debater to judge.
Excellent defense is the key to winning on the front lines.
Excellent density affords a smooth playing surface for extra fast action and long hard wear.
Excellent design helps, too.
Excellent design implies excellent information.
Excellent design starts with talent and vision.
Excellent detail is maintained in both the shadow and highlights of the images.
Excellent diagrams complement the discourse.
Excellent documentation exists in the program, and additional documentation is provided on-line.
Excellent documentation explains each proxy configuration.
Excellent documentation is available online.
Excellent documentation is available.
Excellent documentation is included.
Excellent drainage is absolutely necessary.
Excellent drainage is essential, as is application.
Excellent drainage is essential.
Excellent drainage is important, so the best soil is a lightweight peat-based potting medium.
Excellent drainage is very important to give the edge on climate and disease.
Excellent drainage is very important.
Excellent education is available for all ages.
Excellent employees leave social work due to being poorly compensated for difficult work.
Excellent equipment is available in all departments.
Excellent evaluations result in a very special award for our office employees.
Excellent evaluations result in a very special award.
Excellent exam passes.
Excellent examples abound.
Excellent examples are available both as public domain packages and as commercial packages.
Excellent examples are the bacteria that have been formulated to break down oil in the water.
Excellent examples are to be found in Bahrain, Oman and Tunisia.
Many excellent examples exist in Georgia.
Excellent exterior uses.
Excellent eyesight allows easy detection of the potential prey.
Excellent eyesight allows Kookaburras to spot movement from long distances.
Excellent facilities are available for boating, swimming and fishing.
Excellent facilities are available for both indoor and outdoor competition.
Excellent facilities are available for docking, handling cargo and marine repair work.
Excellent facilities are available for graduate research both on and off-campus.
Excellent facilities are available for graduate studies and research.
Excellent facilities are available for thesis and dissertation research.
Excellent facilities are available for undergraduate training and graduate research.
Excellent facilities are available for working with animals.
Excellent facilities are available in art in a great variety of specialties, including photography.
Excellent facilities are available to support the research activities of the program.
Excellent facilities are available, including good restaurants and a varied entertainment calendar.
Excellent facilities are available.
Excellent facilities complement our program.
Excellent facilities exist for fishing, boating, water skiing, swimming and family activities.
Excellent facilities exist for tennis and squash .
Excellent facilities exist throughout the province.
Excellent facilities have an effect on recruiting students and top faculty.
Excellent facilities lead to good performances.
Excellent faculty are available to students.
Excellent faculty are enthusiastic about their work.
Excellent faculty are fair in their evaluations of students.
Excellent faculty are knowledgeable about how students learn.
Excellent faculty are responsive to students' needs.
Excellent faculty encourage independent thinking.
Excellent faculty give consideration to feedback from students and others.
Excellent faculty integrate current subject matter into their work.
Excellent faculty listen attentively to what students say.
Excellent faculty provide clear and substantial evidence that students have learned.
Excellent faculty provide constructive feedback to students promptly.
Excellent faculty provide cooperative learning opportunities for students.
Excellent faculty provide perspectives that include a respect for diverse views.
Excellent faculty provide students with alternative ways of learning.
Excellent faculty stimulate intellectual curiosity.
Excellent faculty treat all individuals with respect.
Excellent family retreat with east end locale.
Excellent feature is the culinary dictionary.
Excellent field guides about the natural history of Alaska.
Excellent figures have the highest impact A picture is worth a thousand words.
Excellent financing is available on line on our site.
Excellent financing is available to qualified purchasers.
Excellent fishing abounds.
Excellent fishing is abundant.
Excellent fishing is available for walleye, northern pike, lake trout and grayling.
Excellent fishing is available in a half-dozen alpine lakes and many miles of streams.
Excellent fishing is found up and downstream by following the pathways.
Excellent fitness is required for expedition courses.
Excellent flexibility allows the rope to bend through tight radii common to modern deck equipment.
Excellent foliage is dominant too.
Excellent food competes with people watching as the main attraction.
Excellent food has a Mediterranean influence.
Excellent food includes bread.
Excellent food includes wheat bread.
Excellent food includes whole wheat bread.
Excellent food is available at local supper clubs and lounges.
Excellent food is served giving residents an opportunity to enjoy good conversation.
Excellent food is served in the dining room as well.
Excellent food is served in the restaurant.
Most excellent food includes bread.
Most excellent food includes wheat bread.
Most excellent food includes whole wheat bread.
Excellent footnotes make up for that.
Excellent fruit is the key to making both red and white wines.
Excellent funding is available for well-qualified candidates.
Excellent game including story and being bad is very good.
Excellent geology notes plus a complete itinerary of the trip.
Excellent grades are important.
Excellent grades indicate high personal motivation and significant academic accomplishment.
Excellent graphics add to the appeal, especially if running in true color settings.
Excellent graphics are data-rich.
Excellent graphics are just the beginning.
Excellent graphics have high data-ink ratios.
Excellent graphics help explain envronmental problems.
Excellent graphics illustrate a number of polio-related articles.
Excellent graphics illustrate both normal voiding function and the various types of incontinence.
Excellent graphics offer reinforcement in visualization and classification techniques.
Excellent guides are also available.
Excellent guidebooks are available to help decide when professional care is needed.
Some excellent guidebooks are available at libraries and bookstores.
Excellent guitar sounds from that custom hollow body lead guitar.
Excellent health is simply, the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Excellent healthcare is a daily occurence and a goal in Southern Illinois.
Excellent healthcare is a plus for Hampton Roads.
Excellent hearing is used to locate potential predators.
Excellent heat treat response facilitates hardening.
Excellent Help is available on all screens.
Excellent horses are available for guided trail rides across scenic Parker Ranch uplands.
Excellent hotels are within easy walking distance of the arena.
Excellent housing is available and affordable.
Excellent housing is available in the three residence halls on campus.
Excellent housing is available, as well as a variety of extracurricular activities.
Excellent hypertext provides a wealth of information.
Excellent incomes are typical for experienced graduates.
Excellent index contains maiden and married names, birth and death dates.
Excellent index locates makers better than lists.
Excellent indexes facilitate access to the information offered.
Excellent indices make the volume convenient to use. . . .
Excellent info articles too.
Excellent information concerning consumer rights is also available as are links to local affiliates.
Excellent information is a ground basis for a true natural democratic state.
Excellent information is available for distribution.
Excellent information is available.
Excellent information is conveyed.
Excellent information is given on types of canvas, yarns and simple how-to instructions.
Excellent information is provided on the various varieties of lawn grasses and ground covers.
Excellent information is provided.
Excellent information is shown throughout.
Excellent information is the key for any individual to access the municipality services.
Excellent inns are to be found all over the country.
Excellent instruction is crucial.
Excellent instruction is delivered in small class format.
Excellent instruction is the best intervention for children having problems learning to read.
Excellent instruction is very important.
Excellent instruction ranges from canoe basics to intensive whitewater excursions.
Excellent instructors guide to provide background, rationale and further suggestions.
Excellent intangibles figure to overcome lack of size and stopwatch speed for tough little 'tweener.
Excellent introduction explains reasons for and how-to's for asking provocative questions.
Excellent investors are in the middle of the two extremes.
Some excellent java applets including nice animations of continuous dynamical systems.
Excellent jerky is easy to make but easy to over smoke.
Excellent jobs are available in every region of the country in both rural and urban areas.
Excellent journalism starts with an understanding that language has power.
Excellent journalists can talk to anyone, anywhere, about anything.
Every excellent lawyer is a self-reflective practitioner.
Excellent leaders embody the best of both worlds.
Excellent leaders know how to inspire, guide, and motivate their teams.
Excellent leaders respect their people.
Excellent leadership facilitates necessary collaboration.
Excellent leather is made from their hides.
Excellent libraries are available within the various schools and colleges.
Excellent lighting creates a cheerful atmosphere.
Excellent linearity enables accurate quantification of the electron dose.
Many excellent linguists speak only one language.
Excellent links are available to a very wide array of news and information sources.
Excellent links including ideas for developing business plans - most services are free.
Many excellent links are available here.
Excellent linkages exist with the food processing industry in the U.S. and abroad.
Excellent list includes broad subject coverage, software, and journals.
Excellent listings range from modest to magnificent.
Excellent literature is available explaining Lasik resurficing procedures in detail.
Excellent locations are available in the U.S. and Canada.
Many excellent locations exist for qualified franchisees.
Excellent lozenges are also prepared from it.
Excellent luster is the one which covers the whole body eveyly.
Excellent management can minimize the potential adverse effects of excessive body weight.
Excellent management is also crucial.
Excellent management is eighty percent art and only twenty percent science.
Excellent manual containing strategies and handouts to teach social skills.
Excellent manual is included, with option to purchase commercial version of software.
Many excellent manuscripts have to be refused every year because of lack of money.
Excellent maps are available and rides are offered.
Excellent maps is provided at the external link below.
Excellent maps supplement the text.
Much excellent material is related to slavery in the one and thoughts about slavery in the other.
Excellent meals are available at many of the surrounding pubs and hotels.
Excellent meals are available at the local inns within easy walking distance.
Excellent messages deserve quality production facilities and people.
Excellent models explain the complicated archaeological complex.
Excellent mothers are important.
Excellent motorways link all major cities, but minor roads are often badly maintained.
Excellent mounts are easily and quickly made.
Excellent mouth feel and finish.
Excellent movies have superb stories and compelling characters.
Excellent mulches are pine straw, cypress mulch and pine bark.
Excellent music evokes the right mood.
Excellent music is an important part of our worship services.
Excellent musicianship is required and delivered by the four musicians.
Excellent mussels have a lure of their own.
Some excellent names are available.
Excellent negotiators save money for themselves as well as their company.
Many excellent newspapers exist in the State of Utah.
Excellent noise is hard to find - but here's an example.
Excellent nutrition leads to good health.
Excellent opportunities are available for individuals interested in human services.
Excellent opportunities are available to match a variety of talents and interests.
Excellent opportunities await the keen and eager candidate.
Excellent opportunities can emerge for writing, speaking, creating, and research.
Excellent opportunities exist at commercial and corporate airlines.
Excellent opportunities exist for all types of fishing.
Excellent opportunities exist for both men and women in collision repair.
Excellent opportunities exist for first-term applicants in the Ottawa and Calgary regions.
Excellent opportunities exist for interaction with related agricultural research programs.
Excellent opportunities exist for long-term development.
Excellent opportunities exist for men and women interested in management.
Excellent opportunities exist for new paramedics who chose to relocate.
Excellent opportunities exist for overseas employment.
Excellent opportunities exist for pharmacists in the area of sales and marketing of pharmaceuticals.
Excellent opportunities exist for photographers and mountain enthusiasts.
Excellent opportunities exist for research collaborations.
Excellent opportunities exist for research in hospital or public health epidemiology.
Excellent opportunities exist for research.
Excellent opportunities exist for solitude and unconfined recreation.
Excellent opportunities exist for someone who prefers the more cosmopolitan lifestyle.
Excellent opportunities exist for special software in networking and tools.
Excellent opportunities exist for the study of the threatened coastal California gnatcatcher.
Excellent opportunities exist for U.S. golf companies in the German and European golf markets.
Excellent opportunities exist for wing shooting waterfowl and Ptarmigan.
Excellent opportunities exist here for hunting, fishing, and other outdoor activities.
Excellent opportunities exist in all parts of the country including Wisconsin and the Midwest.
Excellent opportunities exist in all urban, suburban, and rural areas of Oregon and Washington.
Excellent opportunities exist in discount store retailing.
Excellent opportunities exist in every area of the country.
Excellent opportunities exist in sales and custom application of farm chemicals and fertilizers.
Excellent opportunities exist to explore community resources and coordinate care.
Excellent opportunities exist with both large and small companies and in the public sector.
Many excellent opportunities are available for the photographer along the Western Divide Highway.
Many excellent opportunities exist for postgraduate research within a thriving research community.
Excellent organization helps clarify the material for newcomers to the field.
Excellent organizations discover how to tap into people's commitment and capacity to learn.
Excellent organizations exist calling for limits on arms sales worldwide and in our communities.
Excellent organizations focus on the details.
Many excellent organizations use it.
Excellent owner carry terms available.
Excellent packages are available to the right candidates.
Excellent packaging is required.
Excellent page keep it up.
Excellent palatability makes it a natural with clovers and grazing brome.
Excellent papers contain few, if any, errors in spelling, grammar and punctuation.
Excellent papers deal with significant issues that demonstrate maturity and real critical thinking.
Excellent parking is available on the grounds.
Excellent parts mix, especially for the price.
Excellent participation can raise a grade, unsatisfactory participation can lower it.
Excellent pay is offered for easy work.
Excellent pedal feel.
Excellent people are more necessary than ever as our most important projects are taking shape.
Excellent people live work and visit the park, very helpful.
Excellent people skills with team attitude.
Many excellent people use as their permanent e-mail addresses.
Excellent performance can be obtained is available.
Excellent performance can lead to opportunities and advancement.
Excellent performance comes only two ways.
Excellent performance is achieved by using associations to accelerate joins.
Excellent performance is at a level above meritorious performance in quality and impact.
Excellent performance is guaranteed through the powerful thin server.
Excellent performance is observed on models of parallel architectures.
Excellent performance is our desired norm.
Excellent performers thrive on it as a spur to achieving higher goals.
Excellent period feel.
Excellent personality is one of the decisive factors in English study.
Excellent pharmacists are the most important product of Phi Delta Chi.
Excellent photos accompany the history of the castle.
Excellent photographs accompany the text.
Excellent photographs are visible on each site and a visitor can even.
Excellent photographs are visible on each site and.
Excellent photographs are visible.
Excellent photographs complement the fascinating stories of carvers and their products.
Excellent photographs show the steps in making and dismantling a sand mandala.
Excellent photography accompanies a fine reading book.
Excellent photography complements the text, capturing the stark beauty of arid habits.
Excellent photography is displayed on the many splendid exterior scenes.
Excellent photography is used.
Excellent photography makes the brochure redundant.
Excellent photography supplements the text.
Many excellent physicians are on the faculty.
Excellent pictures accompany a laymans description of the process and the plant parts involved.
Excellent plans require innovation and customizing for the particular project.
Excellent plant establishes readily.
Excellent players require excellent instruction.
Many excellent players can show players how to play squash their way.
Excellent playmaker shows maturity.
Excellent position awaits a good team player to work with a major company.
Excellent possibilities exist for students to attend conferences, summer schools and workshops.
Excellent potential exists for world-class ore discoveries.
Excellent potential exists to add additional reserves and extend production.
Excellent potential exists to add substantially to the resource base.
Excellent practice run for conoeists.
Excellent precedents exist for such centers.
Excellent presentation skills Excellent oral and written communications skills.
Excellent preservation requires rapid burial, otherwise the bones are soon broken up by scavengers.
Some excellent presses struggle with severe under-capitalization and lack of distribution.
Excellent problem solving, oral, and written communication skills are necessary.
Excellent problem solving, verbal and written communications and teamwork is required.
Excellent problem solving, verbal and written communications is required.
Excellent problems accompany each chapter.
Excellent products are available in closed containment to insure the protection of the environment.
Some excellent products involve the formation of hexagon molecular clusters.
Excellent productions have excellent performers in all roles.
Some excellent professors are very demanding.
Excellent program explains how to achieve a proper fit and safe seal on respirators.
Excellent programs are available in many cities, large and small, around the world.
Excellent programs are the key.
Excellent programs can exist anywhere.
Excellent programs take time and our best efforts to build.
Some excellent programs are just around the corner.
Some excellent programs have only a few children and are run from the provider's home.
Excellent projects are generally very organized, thorough, and concise.
Excellent projects build communication between the generations.
Excellent projects have excellent goals.
Excellent projects receive cashand awards.
Excellent protection is available, at very affordable rates.
Excellent protocols are essential but no protocol can cover every situation.
Excellent quality smoked foods are surprisingly easy to prepare.
Excellent railroads handle freight hauling across the nation.
Excellent rapport is evident between the school staff and students.
Many excellent recipes are available.
Excellent reefs are a short swim from shore.
Excellent references are available by request.
Excellent references are available from previous customers in completed projects.
Excellent references are available from satisfied customers in completed projects.
Excellent references are available if needed.
Excellent references are available upon request.
Excellent references are available.
Excellent references explain details.
Many excellent references are available for the enthusiastic owner.
Most excellent references explain details.
Excellent refreshments are available all day.
Excellent relationships appear to be developing among partners.
Excellent remuneration is offered.
Excellent research can be a real value, and it is hard to find, as well as expensive to produce.
Excellent research is crucial, and has been lacking so far.
Excellent research is found in the footnotes and chapter introductions.
Excellent research is innovative, methodologically sound and important.
Excellent resistance is available in some varieties.
Excellent resources are also available for our foreign students who are learning Bahasa Indonesia.
Excellent resources are available and are listed in the resources section.
Excellent resources are available for teachers to learn how to use the Internet.
Excellent resources are available here .
Excellent resources are available on campus for help with writing.
Excellent resources are available online to help students compile a bibliography.
Excellent resources are available to support research, education and practice.
Excellent resources are now available for finding tests.
Excellent resources are to be found here, for all ages, interests and abilities.
Excellent resources exist to help in quality improvement efforts.
Excellent resources listed provide a wealth of material for further research on topic.
Excellent resources reside along side the most dubious.
Many excellent resources are available on the Internet.
Many excellent resources are available to the parents of children with congenital hearing loss.
Many excellent resources expound upon specialized pastoral care.
Many excellent resources offer a comprehensive understanding of hip replacement and related issues.
Some excellent resources are available only in the local area.
Excellent responses demonstrate consideration.
Excellent responses demonstrate thoughtful consideration.
Most excellent responses demonstrate consideration.
Most excellent responses demonstrate thoughtful consideration.
Some excellent responses meet requirements.
Excellent restaurants abound in the area.
Excellent restaurants abound on the island.
Excellent restaurants abound throughout the town.
Excellent restaurants abound, and are within walking distance.
Excellent restaurants abound.
Excellent restaurants are also within easy walking distance.
Excellent restaurants are island wide.
Excellent restaurants are just minutes away.
Excellent restaurants are within a leisurely walk from the lodge.
Excellent restaurants are within walking distance.
Excellent restaurants featuring traditional ethnic specialties are frequently nearby.
Excellent restaurants line every corner, serving down-home Southern goodies or fine cuisine.
Excellent restaurants provide evening menu's, some within walking distance.
Excellent restaurants serve a variety of food, including French haute cuisine and Oriental fare.
Excellent restaurants thrive in the tri-state area and fine dining is available everywhere.
Many excellent restaurants are available nearby.
Many excellent restaurants are in the immediate neighborhood.
Many excellent restaurants are just a short walk away.
Many excellent restaurants offering locally produced food are to be found nearby. .
Excellent results are obtained by careful selection of the receptacle for the flowers.
Excellent results are possible for technician level operators.
Excellent results have their basis in the efficient use of search opportunities and methods.
Excellent rivers provide exciting rafting and base camp experiences.
Excellent roads connect most parts of the state.
Excellent salaries are available to successful applicants.
Excellent salary awaits qualified applicants.
Excellent salary is commensurate with experience.
Excellent salary is granted to excellent candidates.
Some excellent salespeople prove to be equally excellent salesmanagers.
Excellent sanitation is needed for their control.
Excellent savings are available for new registrations.
Excellent scalability allows for the growth of large and multiple projects without upgrades.
Many excellent scholars are part of both lists.
Excellent scholarships are available.
Excellent schools are crucial to our community 's vitality, growth, and cultural development.
Excellent schools have parents actively involved in their child's education.
Excellent schools provide bus transportation for students.
Some excellent schools do exist, but they are no longer enough to prop up the ailing district.
Excellent science requires excellent animal care.
Excellent seafood is available in the state.
Excellent seats are available for all three shows.
Excellent service be generous.
Excellent service can t ask for anything better.
Excellent service combined with genuine Indian spices make each dish sparkle.
Excellent service is a learned behavior requiring constant reinforcement and recognition.
Excellent service is available.
Excellent service is both an attribute and an attitude.
Excellent service is equally important.
Excellent service is essential to maintaining customers.
Excellent service is our commitment.
Excellent service is our number one requirement on every transaction.
Excellent service is our reputation.
Excellent service is our standard.
Excellent service is recognised by a silver shield in addition to the number of stars.
Excellent service is tailored to individual needs.
Excellent service is the final key to a quality document service.
Excellent service is the key to winning mind share.
Excellent service is what our customers expect and deserve.
Excellent service requires excellent support.
Excellent services run nearby throughout the day.
Many excellent services exist in the community.
Excellent serviceability is assured with a hinged top panel and removable front door.
Excellent seventies build up and disaster scenes.
Many excellent shampoos are on the market for both dogs and cats.
Excellent ships store on site with ability to make special orders for the unusual needs.
Excellent sidewalks extend some distance beyond the built-up area.
Excellent signage provides details such as the plants' range, bloom season and family.
Excellent site features a multimedia presentation.
Excellent site includes interviews, great information, free e-zine.
Excellent site keep up the good work.
Excellent site provides information in clear-cut language.
Excellent site s for locating online information on individual authors.
Excellent sites result from a close collaboration between designer and client.
Some excellent sites are in both sections.
Some excellent sites offer information and results for various road races and triathlons.
Excellent skiing abounds with eight quality ski areas in the vicinity.
Excellent snorkeling exists off all the south coast beaches.
Excellent snorkeling is available in the resort's own private bay.
Excellent snorkeling is available near the resort's own private bay.
Excellent snorkeling provides an opportunity to witness colorful reef fish.
Excellent soaps are made from palm-oil and soda.
Excellent software covers needs of both beginners and experts well.
Excellent software is available for generating crossword puzzles and clues.
Excellent sources are citrus fruits and orange, yellow, and green vegetables.
Excellent sources are corn, soybean meal, and meat meals.
Excellent sources are fresh fruit and vegetables.
Excellent sources are herds actively involved in performance testing.
Many excellent sources exist with overwhelming collections of technical documentation.
Some excellent sources are from the seeds of hemp, evening primrose and borage.
Excellent space is still available.
Excellent speedup is obtained on the workstation cluster.
Excellent staff are key to providing exceptional care.
Excellent staff is the first step towards delivering excellent customer service.
Excellent staff is the key to success.
Excellent students are essential top producing excellent lawyers and leaders.
Excellent students come into the program.
All excellent students get sclolarships and enjoy other privileges.
Excellent studies are available online from both.
Excellent summer get away or retirement home.
Excellent supervision is provided.
Excellent support teams help education.
Excellent support is a vital for having satisfied customers.
Excellent support is available.
Excellent support is provided for students, and attendance and progress are monitored effectively.
Excellent support is provided.
Excellent swimmers have spines.
Most excellent swimmers have spines.
Excellent system check out there web site.
Excellent teachers are the teachers that are respected and have a good rapport with students.
Excellent teachers exercise great patience with their students.
Excellent teachers flock to charter schools.
Excellent teachers have the tools, the knowledge, and most importantly, the love.
Excellent teachers help our students strive to meet their full potential.
Excellent teachers invent ways of learning names in large classes.
Excellent teachers share certain specific and learnable traits.
Excellent teachers understand the background of their pupils and use it as a starting point.
Many excellent teachers are excited about the opportunities offered by games.
Many excellent teachers describe a two-stage process in the preparation of their lecture notes.
Excellent teaching is of paramount importance.
Excellent teaching is our priority.
Excellent teaching promotes effective learning.
Excellent teaching requires study and reflection on the canon of the subject being taught.
Excellent teaching stands at the core of the undergraduate experience.
Excellent team play.
Excellent teams require excellent coaches.
Many excellent technicians have no design sense whatsoever and produce poorly designed sites.
Many excellent techniques are available to reconstruct almost any surgical defect.
Excellent telecommunications allow ease of handling of overseas business.
Excellent territories are available.
Many excellent texts are available.
Excellent texture adds to the keeping quality.
Excellent theater is also available in the city.
All excellent things are as difficult as they are rare.
Excellent tools exist for creating dual published documents, both electronic and printed.
Excellent torque means high power at low speeds.
Excellent trails lead to a variety of back country lakes.
Excellent training creates excellent customer service staffs.
Excellent training hits the books at the same value as bad.
Excellent training is offered through three sources.
Excellent training is provided for students who wish to enter a Ph.D. program.
Excellent training is provided in all areas.
Excellent training is provided with all specialties represented on the clinical faculty.
Excellent training is provided, commitment is one year.
Excellent training is provided.
Excellent Training is provided.
Excellent translators are available through the hospital, if necessary.
Many excellent translators are far from being bilingual.
Excellent trapping is also available for beaver and mink.
Excellent treatments exist.
Excellent trees are oak, beech, maple, fir and hemlock.
Excellent trigger pull with zero creep.
Excellent type writes with computer.
Excellent types are fir trees.
Excellent uniformity is assured through the use of a porous gas nozzle.
Excellent use is made of graphical data and numerical data.
Many excellent vaccines are available to protect cats against panleukopenia.
Excellent vacuum is required to limit diffraction.
Excellent value includes home warranty.
Excellent videos can breathe life into nearly any curriculum, but especially so in the sciences.
Excellent views are common throughout the backcountry.
Excellent views are to be had from the tower's steps or the rock knob the tower sits on.
Excellent viscosity allows for consistent coverage.
Excellent vision depends on keeping the eyes still with respect to the object of regard.
Excellent vision is the most important aspect of the cheetah's success in hunting.
Excellent visitors center with hands on displays and more.
Some excellent volunteers come from among our faculty, of course.
Excellent weapons are better than normal.
Excellent weather beckons the outdoors enthusiast.
Excellent weather makes outdoor activities possible year round.
Excellent webmasters resource.
Some excellent websites offer information on assessment.
Excellent whiteness offers a wide color gamut, deep rich color with excellent photo reproduction.
Excellent wines are from the Hunter Valley and other regions.
Excellent work can make up for poor exam performance.
Excellent work habits punctuality and timely responses are essential qualities.
Excellent works list.
Excellent workmanship fails to prevent water infiltration and rot.
Many excellent wrappers can improve their presentations by taking the time to pre-fold.
Excellent writers are the most under-represented group in the job force today.
Excellent writing requires effort, discipline and exercise.
Excellerated arbitration is a new way to manage and to accelerate the dispute resolution process.
Excepted statements are admissible because they have indicia of trustworthiness.
Exception handlers are a kind of implicit failure continuation.
Exception handlers arise in one of two ways.
Exception handling is a process which modifies the flow of control of a program.
Exception handling is a run-time mechanism.
Exception handling is also new, and a welcome addition.
Exception handling is described later.
Exception handling is different.
Exception handling is disabled by default.
Exception handling is important in meeting the strict realtime requirement of graceful degradation.
Exception handling is left to higher layers, causing major flaws to be overlooked.
Exception handling is more efficient than if - else logic.
Exception handling is much better now.
Exception handling is nested.
Exception handling is now thread safe, and supports nested exceptions and placement delete.
Exception handling is omitted for simplicity.
Exception handling is only rudimentary supported by most compilers.
Exception handling is slow compared to other processing.
Exception handling is tailored to the type of error.
Exception handling is useful for situations in which the program can recover from the error.
Exception safety is a design consideration.
An exception is an omission
Exception Add a word to the list, using binary search.
Exception also applies when the translator is an eminent literary figure.
Exception based reporting is the documentation method used in combination with the clinical pathway.
Exception burn for that thought also ship bulls clothes.
Exception burn for that thought also ship reebok soccer balls.
Exception buy basketball jersey.
Exception choose across any exception so practice car buy online.
Exception Constructs an Exception with a message.
Exception Constructs an Exception with no specified detail message.
Exception Constructs an Exception with the specified detail message.
Exception Continue an execution that has been suspended.
Exception Create a remote debugger, and connect it to a new client interpreter.
Exception Create a remote debugger.
Exception Creates a new instance of the corresponding input method.
Exception Creates an instance of an object for the specified object and environment.
Exception Creates an instance of an object for the specified object, attributes, and environment.
Exception Creates an object using the location or reference information specified.
Exception Creates an object using the location or reference information, and attributes specified.
Exception defines the following String constants for use as keys in a EOValidation.
Exception Do nothing.
Exception Do whatever it takes to execute the call.
Exception escape behind an detail how spend cg picture shrine.
Exception extends  java.lang.
Exception Find a specified class.
Exception Get the current stack frame.
Exception Handle a start element event.
Exception handling The mechanism for dealing with exceptions is simple.
Exception is aqua shoes.
Exception is bottled water in an unbreakable container.
Exception is capitalized because it is the name of a class.
Exception is either large systems requiring crating or replacement filter parts.
Exception is for emergency cases.
Exception is given for emergency maintenance only.
Exception is given to property received by one spouse as a gift or inheritance.
Exception is given to students who commute from home.
Exception is good - systems have to comply.
Exception is granted for personal viewing with a web browser.
Exception is granted for retirees and their dependents.
Exception is granted to permit non-DOD sites for the purposes listed above.
Exception is made for any authorized person acting under the authority of the city manager.
Exception is made for any party or group by written authorization of the city manager.
Exception is made for baby carriages and vehicles in the service of the city parks.
Exception is made for certain split-dollar plans.
Exception is made for District-owned vehicles.
Exception is made for large purchases such as a computer for a home office.
Exception is made for park employees when acting within their official duties.
Exception is made for testing.
Exception is made for the first two years' induction.
Exception is made for the ones who are ill or physically unfit.
Exception is made if check is received for payment then order is shipped when check is clear.
Exception is made only in the event of weather advisories.
Exception is made when committees or associations affiliated with more than one church are involved.
Exception is made when justified as a bona fide occupational qualification.
Exception is made when the work contains an extensive new vocabulary.
Exception is made where breakfast is included in the price of the room.
Exception is made where items have been authorized by a cabinet officer.
Exception is noted below.
Exception is raised if unit conversion is failed.
Exception is requested.
Exception is special issues.
Exception is taken to all non-conformity.
Exception is the deck-shower on the aft walkway.
Exception is the syslog entry, which already has a time stamp.
Exception is thrown.
Exception is when both cars break out.
Exception is when other collision throw object back and collision occurs again.
Exception is when same message type is repeated.
Exception is when the patient is a minor.
Exception isa cognition.
Exception isa knowledge.
Exception proves the rule, and all that.
Exception reports for indicator'b' above.
Exception requires physician order.
Exception Returns the error message.
Exception rises along the loss until afford pai gow.
Exception Specify the list of paths to use when searching for a source file.
Exception succeed thru several kindness whether accepting relapse prevention.
Exception Traverses the document object tree at the specified node .
Exception Traverses the document object tree at the specified startNode .
Exceptions abound, but many female managers simply approach business in a different way than do men.
Exceptions abound, up to a point.
Exceptions allow different layers to communicate problems to each other.
Exceptions allowing closure for other reasons also are on the books.
Exceptions allowing works to be used in judicial proceedings are common.
Exceptions also apply in some other businesses, such as registered clubs and hotels.
Exceptions also apply to solid materials which contain hazardous materials.
Exceptions also exist for certain synthetic pesticides such as soap, oil and lime sulfur.
Exceptions also exist.
Exceptions apply also to charitable organizations.
Exceptions apply for death, disability, and substantially equal periodic payments.
Exceptions apply for illness and family emergencies.
Exceptions apply for storage space and day care facilities.
Exceptions apply if there was a duplication of a given name.
Exceptions apply in certain limited circumstances.
Exceptions apply in some cases.
Exceptions apply to corporations who supply medical or legal services.
Exceptions apply to students planning post-secondary study in engineering or medicine.
Exceptions apply when a manager or executive is coming to open a new office.
Exceptions are .html or .txt files.
Exceptions are a breakfast and a lunch meeting.
Exceptions are a classic example of such a language feature.
Exceptions are a cleaner way for a subroutine to react when it encounters an error.
Exceptions are a future event.
Exceptions are absentee voting by machine or paper mail ballots.
Exceptions are allowable on the basis of permission of instructor.
Exceptions are always possible with strong compensating factors that reflect low credit risk.
Exceptions are always possible with strong compensating factors.
Exceptions are always welcome.
Exceptions are an extreme rarity.
Exceptions are another complicated area.
Exceptions are appropriate only where provided by relevant law and institutional policy.
Exceptions are as follows.
Exceptions are as provided above for administrative positions.
Exceptions are at the discretion of the instructor.
Exceptions are at the discretion of the presenter and director of continuing education.
Exceptions are at the discretion of the specific major.
Exceptions are at the instructor's discretion.
Exceptions are at the professor s discretion.
Exceptions are at the professor's discretion.
Exceptions are at the sole discretion of club officers.
Exceptions are backorders or non-stock items.
Exceptions are backruns of journals and gifts.
Exceptions are bank or university errors.
Exceptions are banks and insurance companies which do invest through branches.
Exceptions are beets and asparagus which are salt-loving and spinach which is fairly salt tolerant.
Exceptions are best for unexpected, erroneous conditions.
Exceptions are bills that appropriate money and laws that increase taxes and fees.
Exceptions are bulky and factory shipped items, and materials that require special handling.
Exceptions are by administration decision only.
Exceptions are by permission of the instructor.
Exceptions are by prior approval only.
Exceptions are cancellations due to adverse weather conditions and sudden illness.
Exceptions are canned goods and hermetically sealed containers that are opened with a can opener.
Exceptions are cases in which breathing is severely impaired.
Exceptions are caustic or irritating materials that are ingested.
Exceptions are changes to the By Laws or Articles of Incorporation or Dissolution of the Foundation.
Exceptions are cherry, peach, apricot, plum and redwood, which can prove toxic.
Exceptions are classes in the java.
Exceptions are classes that are taken all year long with an alternating scheduled course.
Exceptions are coconut oil and palm oil, which are saturated.
Exceptions are cold pressed olive oil, butter, tamari, tahini, miso, mustard and vinegar.
Exceptions are comparatively rare.
Exceptions are computer boxes, stereo boxes, etc.
Exceptions are conferences, meetings, events deemed recruitment-related or mission related.
Exceptions are courtesies.
Exceptions are cyclic structures caused by recursion.
Exceptions are denture teeth precious metal for partials, which are warranted for two years.
Exceptions are deviations from the rule.
Exceptions are discretionary according to the shift leader.
Exceptions Are Disjunctive.
Exceptions are dissertations, theses, technical reports, working papers, and special orders.
Exceptions are environmental systems where humic-acid mediated reactions are dominant.
Exceptions are error condiations.
Exceptions are error conditions that usually result in a lost packet.
Exceptions are eutrophic waters rich in nutrients and organic matter.
Exceptions are events that occur in exceptional or unusual circumstances, such as error conditions.
Exceptions are evergreen spreading ground covers like myrtle, pachysandra and ivy.
Exceptions are exactly that, exceptions.
Exceptions are examples.
Exceptions are extremely short writings, such as a few words, and very simple line drawings.
Exceptions are fatal.
Exceptions are few.
Exceptions are field courses which usually entail seven days of intensive study.
Exceptions are fields that contain large amounts of data like the comments group.
Exceptions are fine as long as the chores are reinstated as soon as possible.
Exceptions are for decimal point numbers, time, ages, and page numbers.
Exceptions are for one semester only.
Exceptions are for seeds that are large, heavy or very perishable.
Exceptions are for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries where a modest fee is charged.
Exceptions are frequent.
Exceptions are furniture items and small technical equipment.
Exceptions are generally unexpected error conditions, for example, floating point divide by zero.
Exceptions are government lawyers, house counsel, corporate counsel and professors.
Exceptions are groceries and all clothing.
Exceptions are hand guns used by participants in bona fide marksmanship competitions.
Exceptions are handicap and fire lane violations.
Exceptions are handicapped persons who have a verified medical problem.
Exceptions are holidays and special events.
Exceptions are holidays months.
Exceptions are Honours theses, some minor theses and major projects completed in some departments.
Exceptions are if the firearm has been properly deactivated or if it is an antique under the law.
Exceptions are imported goods - they cost the same or more than they do at home.
Exceptions are in bold type.
Exceptions are in the Family Law section.
Exceptions are infants and extremely cachectic patients.
Exceptions are insect collections.
Exceptions are instances where special studies have to be performed.
Exceptions are instances where special studies or complex dissection has to be performed.
Exceptions are institutions and children in primary education.
Exceptions are instructive.
Exceptions are iris and daylilies, which are divided immediately after flowering.
Exceptions are irrigation return flows and urban stormwater flows which are deemed nonpoint sources.
Exceptions are items that are long overdue and considered lost.
Exceptions are journals, reference books and materials in special collections.
Exceptions are justified on an individual basis as follows.
Exceptions are lab courses wherein one credit hour equals two to four class hours per week.
Exceptions are lab courses, clinicals, and other selected courses.
Exceptions are large, single, team-taught sections.
Exceptions are leather goods, formal wear.
Exceptions are limited access highways and most expressways.
Exceptions are limited to artists and photographers who are re-selling their reproductions.
Exceptions are limited to educational programs sponsored by a chapter.
Exceptions are limited to simple employment verification and legal requirements.
Exceptions are live ammunition, toxic or radioactive materials and other hazardous substances.
Exceptions are made for truly classic cars or special vehicles - please call to inquire.
Exceptions are made, please contact the list owner.
Exceptions are management decisions.
Exceptions are Maryland and New York.
Exceptions are materials which are detrimental to public morals.
Exceptions are minor detached structures such as a small shed.
Exceptions are misuse, damage, natural or man-made disaster, and theft.
Exceptions are mobile home registrations and company-owned vehicles.
Exceptions are moons that are subject to tidal forces due to the gravity of their parent planets.
Exceptions are most autofocus lenses and many zoom lenses.
Exceptions are motorized vehicles used for administrative or emergency purposes.
Exceptions are multi-day events.
Exceptions are nail polish, nail polish remover and products in aerosol containers.
Exceptions are nautical charts, topographical maps, and other maps.
Exceptions are new books, rentals, magazines or books in great demand.
Exceptions are no t made.
Exceptions are non-classroom computer equipment, typewriters, and office furniture.
Exceptions are northern Quebec and parts of the Northwestern Territories.
Exceptions are objections.
Exceptions are objects from classes.
Exceptions are obviously hard to ship items like pool tables and chess tables.
Exceptions are of course the big international hotels.
Exceptions are ok for special cases.
Exceptions are older people and kids.
Exceptions are omissions.
Exceptions are on change of possession and in the final three minutes of each half.
Exceptions are only by permission of the instructor.
Exceptions are only by special arrangement with the professor.
Exceptions are organic acids and bases.
Exceptions are orthomyxoviruses and retroviruses.
Exceptions are particularly important in the agricultural sector.
Exceptions are people who use cannabis as a crutch.
Exceptions are permissible in designated rooms as authorized by management.
Exceptions are pieces that have been abused or pieces that have been altered or refinished.
Exceptions are possible but rare.
Exceptions are possible for families wishing to reserve the entire second floor.
Exceptions are possible for non-degree seeking students.
Exceptions are possible for sophomores with advanced laboratory experience.
Exceptions are possible in extraordinary circumstances.
Exceptions are possible in the case of recent professional experience.
Exceptions are possible on non-federal grants and contracts, and are specific to sponsor guidelines.
Exceptions are possible only at departmental discretion.
Exceptions are possible when dictated by the needs of the research subject.
Exceptions are possible with our permission.
Exceptions are possible within certain restrictive rules.
Exceptions are possible.
Exceptions are precipitation and sunshine duration, which are based on totals.
Exceptions are Precise.
Exceptions are pregnancies conceived through donor eggs.
Exceptions are prevalent such as common law sealed instruments and promissory estoppel.
Exceptions are projects involving grants and other outside funding sources.
Exceptions are pyrite, which is low in germanium, and sphalerite, which is low in both elements.
Exceptions are rare , but they do happen and are difficult to predict .
Exceptions are rare and hard to engineer.
Exceptions are rare and require justification of the exceptional circumstances.
Exceptions are rare and unique to the individual student.
Exceptions are rare as hen's teeth.
Exceptions are rare in classic Latin, common in later writers.
Exceptions are rare, but now fans are virtually guaranteed one good collection a year.
Exceptions are rare, but they do happen and are difficult to predict.
Exceptions are rare.
Exceptions Are Rare.
Exceptions are reference books, rare books, newly published books, and audiovisual materials.
Exceptions are removable media and exclusive-use devices.
Exceptions are reports, letters or documents originated and signed by the employee.
Exceptions are same as the above.
Exceptions are scarce.
Exceptions are single-volume, bound treatises, and single volume government documents.
Exceptions are situations.
Exceptions are small enterprises, sole proprietorships, and noncommercial enterprises.
Exceptions are some assists.
Exceptions are some carnivores where male can provide food and protection.
Exceptions are some ferns and several aquatic or shade plants.
Exceptions are some of the larger inland lakes and river systems.
Exceptions are some off-campus housing.
Exceptions are some types of leukemia, breast cancer, and colon cancer.
Exceptions are some uses of the meeting room, photocopies, and faxes.
Exceptions are sometimes determined on a case by case basis.
Exceptions are spadefoot toads in the arid southwest and Pacific treefrogs.
Exceptions are special events at commercial retailers and noncommercial events.
Exceptions are state parks and public buildings that are in the rental business.
Exceptions are students taking three-week classes.
Exceptions are subject to availability of funds.
Exceptions are subject to documentation.
Exceptions are subject to separate agreements.
Exceptions are subject to the approval of the instructor and department chair.
Exceptions are submissions provided in paper-format only or the draft standards.
Exceptions are summer camp week and holidays.
Exceptions are sunspot and comet observations scheduled if the opportunities arise.
Exceptions are telecourse videotapes and reserves.
Exceptions are that water looks blue gray, and any highlight come through with color.
Exceptions are the areas of strategic planning, admissions, and marketing.
Exceptions are the convention proceedings and, in particular, the working group newsletters.
Exceptions are the execution of one found guilty of murder by a legally constituted court.
Exceptions are the following.
Exceptions are the front door to confusion.
Exceptions are the fundamental or pedal note, and the very highest notes.
Exceptions are the ground pangolin and in some circumstances the tree kangaroo .
Exceptions are the hot volcanic regions, where high surface temperatures promote rapid vaporization.
Exceptions are the localities from Greenland and Norway.
Exceptions are the meat of the arctic shark and the eggs of the sculpins.
Exceptions are the north-east part of the state and the Indianapolis region.
Exceptions are the problem summaries which are to be done as groups and the group quizzes.
Exceptions are the same as above.
Exceptions are the shipping and handling prices listed for the dance videos.
Exceptions are the Special and Periodic gazettes which are published irregularly.
Exceptions are the UK and Ireland.
Exceptions are to be added at the conclusion of each parent tract.
Exceptions are to be approved by the director of marriage and family therapy.
Exceptions are to be construed strictly.
Exceptions are to be narrowly construed.
Exceptions are to be negotiated with the editors.
Exceptions are to be of modest magnitude and of exceptional content.
Exceptions are tritium and radon.
Exceptions are unsubsidized loans, parent loans, and some scholarship programs.
Exceptions are unusual, but sometimes necessary.
Exceptions are use of water fountains, baby bottles, staff areas, and groups using the meeting room.
Exceptions are usually bonds that have been downgraded from their original investment-grade status.
Exceptions are valid only if the student graduates with the listed degree major.
Exceptions are very expensive computers and very expensive furniture.
Exceptions are very famous personages such as kings and presidents.
Exceptions are visual correction for glasses or other tests requiring the patient s cooperation.
Exceptions are water and electricity bills that come quarterly.
Exceptions are weapons and contraband.
Exceptions are when collecting firewood.
Exceptions are when the material is sprayed or heated.
Exceptions are when they're used in headers, or in an itemised list by themselves.
Exceptions are workbooks, spiral books, and texts with disks or tapes.
Exceptions are works made for hire, such as newspaper articles.
Exceptions are, for example, court-ordered examinations.
Exceptions are, Texas, Arizona, California, Louisiana, and New Mexico.
Exceptions areshown with area code and full numbers, or with country codes and numbers.
Exceptions arise when partial segments of chains are included with the full chain itself.
Exceptions become the norm.
Exceptions can also carry values.
Exceptions can also cause control hazards.
Exceptions can arise involving hypermobile dysfunction, such as thoracic hyperkyphosis.
Exceptions can be and are made in unusual circumstances and when necessary.
Exceptions can be Any Type.
Exceptions can be southern exposures in early spring.
Exceptions can either be entire words or subsets of words.
Exceptions can occur during our busy season or if unforeseen problems occur.
Exceptions can occur, however, if the rules are suspended.
Exceptions cause the execution of a program to terminate.
Exceptions confirm the rule.
Exceptions contains procedures providing additional information regarding an exception occurrence.
Exceptions continue to be made in respect of raw food, medicines, books and stationery.
Exceptions Counting on folks to check return codes is madness.
Exceptions create mistakes.
Exceptions crossing the transaction border cause the transaction to abort.
Exceptions depend on availability.
Exceptions describe anomalies which can occur during the execution of a method.
Exceptions deserve pointing out. . . .
Exceptions deserve to be noted.
Exceptions disprove theories.
Exceptions do apply and are at the discretion of the management.
Exceptions do apply for co-op students.
Exceptions do apply to the net asset value divorce rule.
Exceptions do apply.
Exceptions do emerge.
Exceptions do exist in some paradigms, but the general pattern seems to support the above thesis.
Exceptions do exist on a few college campuses around the country.
Exceptions do exist, such as three-ply guards on special orders.
Exceptions do exist, the situation with birds for example is the exact opposite.
Exceptions do exist.
Exceptions do occur during busy holiday months and other rare situations.
Exceptions do occur when unusually large orders are placed and during holiday seasons.
Exceptions do occur where east-facing walls also are blown inward.
Exceptions do occur, however.
Exceptions do occur, of course.
Exceptions do occur.
Exceptions ensure activities.
Exceptions exist .
Exceptions exist but they are rare.
Exceptions exist for certified or authenticated copies of public filings and notarized documents.
Exceptions exist for emergency situations and where certain authorizations are provided.
Exceptions exist for every rule.
Exceptions exist for landowners who are incapacitated.
Exceptions exist for routine gynecological care.
Exceptions exist in an emergency.
Exceptions exist in magazine printing plants where the normal workweek includes the weekend.
Exceptions exist in the case of dues and meetings.
Exceptions exist in the USA or international waters.
Exceptions exist to be sure, but stereotypes are the norm.
Exceptions exist to the worldwide trend toward lower development budgets.
Exceptions exist where the military population is predominantly of a sister service.
Exceptions exist, as in the debate on the takeover of the Detroit public schools.
Exceptions exist, but are extremely rare.
Exceptions exist, but they are rare.
Exceptions exist, however.
Exceptions exist, if one looks hard enough.
Exceptions exist, of course, like clivia, which thrives, cramped for years, in the same pot.
Exceptions exist, of course.
Exceptions exist, though.
Exceptions follow a similar concept but are far more powerful.
Exceptions have to be agreed separately.
Exceptions have to be one of the greatest features ever.
Exceptions have two constructors, one with no parameters and one with a string.
Exceptions have z-values too small for statistical significance.
Exceptions indicate anomalous behavior that deserves further attention.
Exceptions involve areas covered by dense woodland or obscured by fog or clouds.
Exceptions involving the laws of physics are less likely the fault.
Exceptions made by an institution apply only to the institution that made the exception.
Exceptions made by the provost occur only for the most compelling reasons.
Exceptions make bad law.
Exceptions naturally occur where the set text differs from the published text of the libretto.
Exceptions now work properly.
Exceptions occasionally occur in the area of employment matters.
Exceptions occasionally take place in the petrochemical sector.
Exceptions occur due primarily to the vagaries of individual designers.
Exceptions occur due to holidays and event conflicts.
Exceptions occur during holidays.
Exceptions occur for samples collected near New Orleans coastal canals.
Exceptions occur for weak ligands such as sugars and for ions.
Exceptions occur frequently.
Exceptions occur in English and mathematics.
Exceptions occur on holidays and between semesters.
Exceptions occur only when a client is dangerous to self or others.
Exceptions occur only when the sentence is fairly long and complicated.
Exceptions occur when counters that measure performance thresholds are exceeded.
Exceptions occur when data items have been deleted or recodes of data items have been inserted.
Exceptions occur when exact quotations are provided that used alternate forms.
Exceptions occur when long SRs are straightened out, bypassing older sections.
Exceptions occur when the sentence is fairly long and complicated.
Exceptions occur when the slope of the topography is steeper than the structure.
Exceptions occur when the young set up new territories.
Exceptions occur, of course.
Exceptions occur, particularly when a newly initiated research project requires assistantships.
Exceptions occur, though, depending on the contract and other factors.
Exceptions only call destructors of objects.
Exceptions only happen in dreams.
Exceptions only occur when the processor is executing instructions.
Exceptions only result in audit disallowances.
Exceptions open a window into a candidate s heart.
Exceptions Prevent exceptions from leaving destructors.
Exceptions prove rules.
Exceptions prove the rule, and destroy the battle plan.
Exceptions prove the rule, destroy the battle plan.
Exceptions provide a formal method for handling and declaring error conditions.
Exceptions provide a systematic way to catch error conditions.
Exceptions provide a uniform way of dealing with such conditions.
Exceptions qualify a more general statement in the sentence.
Exceptions re confidential treatment of customer records .
Exceptions relate to the use of the land.
Exceptions remain for workers compensation, child and spousal support, and medical payments.
Exceptions remain for workers' compensation, child and spousal support, and medical payments.
Exceptions remain, however.
Exceptions remove error handling from the mainline code.
Exceptions require a departmental waiver with conditions.
Exceptions require a special petition and are approved only in unusual cases.
Exceptions require administrative approval.
Exceptions require advisor approval.
Exceptions require an agreement between the instructor and the student.
Exceptions require an agreement with the instructor and the student.
Exceptions require approval by the dean of the college in which the course is taught.
Exceptions require approval of the appropriate delegated authority .
Exceptions require approval of the team leader prior to the scheduled exam.
Exceptions require consent of instructor.
Exceptions require consent of Writing Intensive Coordinator.
Exceptions require department approval.
Exceptions require either prior arrangement or doctor-validated medical excuse.
Exceptions require examinations.
Exceptions require justification and approval of the college dean or major area administrator.
Exceptions require justification and documentation.
Exceptions require permission of departmental chair.
Exceptions require permission of the instructor.
Exceptions require prior approval o the dean of the college or school.
Exceptions require prior approval of the dean of the college or school.
Exceptions require prior approval.
Exceptions require some interaction between compiler, assembler, and runtime libraries.
Exceptions require special approval from the department.
Exceptions require special approval.
Exceptions require special justification.
Exceptions require special permission in advance of the request.
Exceptions require specific permission of the instructor.
Exceptions require supervisory approval.
Exceptions require that a petition be filed documenting unusual circumstances.
Exceptions require the approval of the department chair and the dean.
Exceptions require the approval of the department chairperson.
Exceptions require the approval of the program director.
Exceptions require the consent of the course faculty.
Exceptions require the express approval of the Dean.
Exceptions require the expressed permission of the assistant dean and chair of the department.
Exceptions require the permission of the department chair.
Exceptions require the permission of the instructor.
Exceptions require thorough documentation evidencing the above standards.
Exceptions require written approval of the department advisor prior to registration.
Exceptions require written authorization from the unit head.
Exceptions require written departmental approval in advance.
Exceptions require written justification.
Exceptions see themselves as candidates for special infosec care and handling.
Exceptions seem to be areas, such as forests, that one species, such as maple, dominate.
Exceptions signal programming anomalies, such as division by zero or array overflow.
Exceptions stand out in art history.
Exceptions stand out.
Exceptions tend to be old, rare or foreign items.
Exceptions tend to be words from ancient history or literature.
Exceptions There are also a number of standard exceptions that can be raised.
Exceptions There are always exceptions to the above concept.
Exceptions there are, but they prove the rule.
Exceptions typically fall into one of the following categories.
Exceptions undermine the moral law itself.
Exceptions Understand the costs of exception handling.
Exceptions Use destructors to prevent resource leaks.
Exceptions Use exception specifications judiciously.
Exceptions weather, illness, or negotiated personal issues.
Exceptions always do.
Exceptions always outnumber the rules.
Exceptions sometimes have to be made if several dotted notes share a single stem.
All exceptions are in the agriculture sector.
All exceptions are relevant and meaningful.
All exceptions require college approval.
All exceptions require prior approval of the laboratory supervisor.
All exceptions require the approval of the Graduate Dean.
Any exception destroys the policy and procedures.
Any exception granted is subject to additional costs.
Any exception has to be checked through the paper trail of remittances and checks.
Any exception requires agreement between the judges involved.
Any exception requires the advance written approval of the president of the university.
Any exception requires the prior consent of the instructor.
Any exception thrown by a finalize method causes the finalization to halt.
Any exceptions are at the discretion of the children's librarians.
Any exceptions are at the discretion of the specific major.
Any exceptions are by special permission of the Dean.
Any exceptions are consistent with federal and university guidelines.
Any exceptions are to be approved through the department chairperson.
Any exceptions are to be brought to the department for approval.
Any exceptions are to be cleared with the appropriate authority.
Any exceptions concerning prerequisites require written permission.
Any exceptions require college approval.
Any exceptions require permission of the instructor.
Any exceptions require the approval of the permanent graphic design faculty.
Any exceptions require the approval of the student's advisor.
Any exceptions require the consent of the program director.
Every exception is a particular case that is contradictory to the general rule.
Many exceptions apply.
Many exceptions are possible.
Many exceptions exist.
Many exceptions limit the practicality of the ratio.
Most exceptions are large and beautiful coins but a few lesser examples are known.
Most exceptions deal with the units used to report certain weather elements.
Most exceptions ensure activities.
Most exceptions prove rules.
Most exceptions relate to people who handle other people's money.
Most exceptions require examinations.
Some exception apply.
Some exception is given for instructional transmission to a classroom.
Some exceptions allow employees to accumulate longer periods of absence.
Some exceptions apply depending on the sponsoring agency.
Some exceptions apply due to weight limitations in certain countries.
Some exceptions apply for counties opened up for emergency haying.
Some exceptions apply for handicapped children.
Some exceptions apply for mature students.
Some exceptions apply for specific cases.
Some exceptions apply in smaller centres.
Some exceptions apply in the case of international students.
Some exceptions apply in the graduate program.
Some exceptions apply such as video cassettes.
Some exceptions apply to advanced ticketed shows.
Some exceptions apply to both the ownership and compensation arrangement prohibitions.
Some exceptions apply to dried, salted, and processed food.
Some exceptions apply to the require- ments.
Some exceptions apply to the requirements.
Some exceptions apply when bona fide occupational qualifications are involved.
Some exceptions apply, especially when a lesson can be taught and money obtained at the same time.
Some exceptions apply, however.
Some exceptions apply, including charitable transfers or pension transfers.
Some exceptions apply, please see individual categories for more details.
Some exceptions apply.
Some exceptions are abridg ment , acknowledg ment , and judg ment .
Some exceptions are available only in the event of unemployment, disability or death.
Some exceptions are cans of foods or eggs in shells.
Some exceptions are cans of foods,mayo or eggs in shells.
Some exceptions are harmless and others are serious problems.
Some exceptions are important.
Some exceptions are mobile phones, payphones and some phones that restrict the use of dial-around.
Some exceptions are perpetual and some temporary.
Some exceptions are possible, but require special approval.
Some exceptions are the very old and other, handicapped people.
Some exceptions are theses, recordings, films, videos and maps.
Some exceptions are very old, rare, recently published or reference books.
Some exceptions are wild figs and dandelions.
Some exceptions are willows and cypress.
Some exceptions continue.
Some exceptions do apply.
Some exceptions do exist however.
Some exceptions do exist.
Some exceptions do however exist .
Some exceptions do occur.
Some exceptions exist based on the duties initially performed by the new employees.
Some exceptions exist due to special circumstances.
Some exceptions exist for family violence victims.
Some exceptions exist for which a filing is unnecessary.
Some exceptions exist in certain parts of the state where geographic size becomes a limiting factor.
Some exceptions exist in pollination within each group.
Some exceptions exist, but they have proved very difficult to replicate on a large scale.
Some exceptions exist, however.
Some exceptions exist, mostly at sixth and seventh grade, where some single period classes remain.
Some exceptions exist, particularly for mechanic's liens.
Some exceptions exist, so please check with individual offices and departments.
Some exceptions exist.
Some exceptions occur as follows.
Some exceptions occur for the highways and the city streets.
Some exceptions occur in the masculine, e.g. ami co - ami ci fem.
Some exceptions occur, however.
Some exceptions occur.
Some exceptions require moisture.
Some exceptions seem to lie on the periphery of Europe where the signal is less strong.
Some exceptions use marlinehitch or hangman and scafold.
Exceptional ability is limited to aliens in the fields of arts, science and business.
Exceptional ability is, by nature, exceptional.
Exceptional absorption produces high volume products.
Exceptional access allows aprons to be selected, removed and replaced with ease.
Exceptional accomplishment can only come from true commitment, hard work, and leadership.
Exceptional accuracy allows use in the jewelry industry.
Exceptional appellations make for exceptional wines.
Exceptional applicants can merit additional fellowship awards.
Exceptional applicants have a possibility of being nominated for the university level scholarships.
Exceptional attention is paid to the lighting.
Exceptional blade grinds and finish work.
Exceptional bodies are what mark some for social death.
Exceptional business is an art.
Exceptional candidates receive careful consideration for university fellowships.
Some exceptional candidates are eligible for a partial room grant and additional scholarships.
Exceptional capabilities take exceptional people.
Exceptional care is taken in their fabrication.
Exceptional care is taken to create responsive and articulate musical tools.
Exceptional cases are still characteristic of lexical data.
Exceptional cases have to be reported for an evaluation.
Exceptional chocolate is perfectly uniform, shiny, dense, and smooth.
Exceptional circumstances means a personal emergency or some similar problem.
Exceptional circumstances permit renewal for a third term.
Exceptional color photographs throughout.
Exceptional communication is the key to a healthy relationship.
Exceptional concentration is required.
Exceptional cruiser offers safety, comfort and performance.
Exceptional durability is also part of the design.
Exceptional facilities are available for most popular sports and pastimes.
Exceptional fishing is readily available as a part of a horse back trip.
Exceptional foliage is bright and shiny.
Exceptional food is available for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Exceptional food is available to suit individual groups.
Exceptional futures begin with exceptional locations.
Exceptional graphics bring home the daunting task of sequencing the human genome.
Exceptional harbors provide terrific sailing and boating opportunities.
Exceptional hardship is very difficult to prove.
Many exceptional individuals show talents in more than one area.
Some exceptional individuals combine brilliant careers.
Some exceptional individuals combine careers.
Exceptional leaders know that.
Exceptional men attain enlightenment.
Exceptional managers are exceptional interviewers.
Exceptional maneuverability is less important in open than in confined waters.
Exceptional opportunities are available for students to study off-campus.
Exceptional opportunities lie throughout the U.S. as our industry consolidation evolves.
Exceptional optics are useless unless they are positioned with absolute precision.
Exceptional penetration frees up sticky parts.
Exceptional people are usually exceptional for two reasons.
Exceptional people foster innovative ideas and produce superior products.
Exceptional people provide exceptional service.
Exceptional people require exceptional tools.
Exceptional people skills for interacting with customers on the telephone.
Exceptional performance is more than coincidence.
Exceptional performers are well compensated for their contributions and achievements.
Exceptional perspective speaks to the average investor.
Exceptional phenomena fail to afford a sufficiently secure basis of induction.
Exceptional pieces are available to discerning eyes and prices are quite reasonable as well.
Exceptional preparation is reflected in a more advanced plan of study.
Exceptional presenters do everything they can to make the audience feel comfortable.
Exceptional productivity is another virtue of the potato.
Exceptional professionalism is measured by different criteria in different disciplines.
Exceptional progress comes by correct persistence.
Exceptional projects compete for the very limited funds available to committees.
Exceptional projects win prizes and are published.
Exceptional projects win prizes.
Exceptional puppies are available occasionally to selected, vetted homes.
Exceptional quality can also be extremely valuable.
Exceptional quality is our pride.
Exceptional quality refers to how uncommon an event is.
Exceptional relationships yield exceptional results.
Exceptional research blends the plot into a seamless tapestry of delight and splendor.
Exceptional restaurants are cheap and staffed with super-friendly servers.
Exceptional results produce happy, loyal clients.
Most exceptional riders have very high expectations of themselves.
Exceptional salaries are available for exceptional candidates.
Exceptional service comes from first hand knowledge.
Exceptional service is a rare quality in today's business world.
Exceptional service is guaranteed.
Exceptional service is mandatory.
Exceptional service is our priority.
Exceptional service is our signature.
Exceptional sets are worth more.
Exceptional sites have to be protected if biodiversity is to be maintained.
Exceptional skills means that the child is gifted in a certain activity.
Exceptional solutions deserve exceptional marketing.
Exceptional specimens have diameters.
Exceptional specimens have trunk diameters.
Most exceptional specimens have diameters.
Most exceptional specimens have trunk diameters.
Exceptional speech is what employers expect from liberal arts students.
Exceptional speed is secured only by conscious effort.
Exceptional stability is provided by massive castings and heavy duty welded construction.
Exceptional storm strikes Lebanon Lebanon was today struck by a storm almost never witnessed before.
Exceptional students are eligible to add minor studies to their study of law.
Exceptional students can accelerate college graduation by more than a year.
Exceptional students demand exceptional teachers.
Exceptional students have interest.
Exceptional students have strong interdisciplinary interest.
Exceptional students have strong interest.
Exceptional students participate in additional resource classes.
Exceptional students participate in individual research projects coordinated by professors.
Exceptional students participate in individual research projects overseen by a qualified professor.
Exceptional students require special services and resources.
Exceptional students require specialized instruction, services, and resources.
Many exceptional students are able to handle multiple demands on their time and energy.
Most exceptional students have interest.
Most exceptional students have strong interdisciplinary interest.
Most exceptional students have strong interest.
Exceptional success depends on sustaining extraordinary performance.
Exceptional talent is common, from singers and dancers to magicians and comedians.
Exceptional teachers are students themselves .
Exceptional teachers are students themselves.
Exceptional teachers can make virtually any subject interesting.
Exceptional teachers deserve exceptional compensation.
Exceptional teachers get no financial reward and only minimal professional recognition.
Exceptional teachers have the ability to multitask when communicating movement.
Exceptional teaching is what they have in common.
Exceptional technology provides for few false alarms and great radar coverage.
Exceptional values are also available for larger installations.
Exceptional values are everywhere, readily available to all.
Exceptional visibility is found along the vertical walls.
Exceptional volunteers dedicate their time to work each week.
Exceptional volunteers deserve our community's appreciation.
Exceptional welds are critical to the integrity of Imperial tanks.
Exceptional windstorms can bring birds long distances well beyond their normal flying areas.
Exceptional wines are out there for good prices.
Exceptional work is always welcome for a personal interview regardless of our career listings.
Excercize equipment offers one solution.
An excerpt is passage
Excerpt Get the inside scoop on XML from one of the most trusted names in computing.
Excerpts allow our authors and other participants to focus their comments.
Excerpts also are available .
Excerpts appear below.
Excerpts appear here by permission.
Excerpts appear here.
Excerpts are also available for viewing online .
Excerpts are available at pikepublishing.org .
Excerpts are available at the above link.
Excerpts are available for copying, as well as print-outs from numerous career planning web sites.
Excerpts are available for downloading.
Excerpts are available on the audio page.
Excerpts are available on the Web.
Excerpts are available on their site.
Excerpts are available online .
Excerpts are available on-line.
Excerpts are below.
Excerpts are fine but anything beyond that requires permission from the source.
Excerpts are OK, if they take the form of news, or a review of the work.
Excerpts are online.
Excerpts are passage.
Excerpts are perhaps the most rigorous and disciplined playing required of a musician.
Excerpts are to be found in some additional manuscripts.
Excerpts can be a lot of fun to play with.
Excerpts Click on one of the icons below to view excerpts from that article.
Excerpts cover provisions on directory information.
Excerpts follow below.
Excerpts follow from press releases created and published in the daily school bulletin.
Excerpts follow, and the complete interview is available here .
Excerpts Here are just a few of the captions from the book's brochure.
Excerpts listed here indicate to the contrary.
Excerpts sometimes drag on for five or six pages.
All excerpts are to be performed in the original key.
All excerpts are with permission of the author.
More Excerpts Listen to text and audio excerpts from the debate.
Most excerpts are available in both printable PDF and text-only versions.
Most excerpts describe the campaigns in the states of Tennessee and Georgia.
Some excerpts appear below.
Some excerpts are below.
Some excerpts are longer than others.
Some excerpts are so short as to be quotations rather than excerpts.
Some excerpts can take minutes to transfer.
Some excerpts follow below.
Some excerpts follow.
Excersize time is a smoking cigarettes time.
Excertional movements cause return of pain in left neck radiating to shoulder and into biceps.
Excess acid accumulates in the body and can damage organs like the liver or pancreas.
Excess acid can eat through the protective lining and damage the stomach.
Some excess acid is deposited in connective tissue.
Some excess acid is deposited in tissue.
Excess acidity is known to be associated with arthritis.
Excess action defines the action to be taken on packets that exceed rate limits.
Excess aid is disbursed to the student in the form of a check.
Excess air cools more efficiently.
Excess air is removed from the bag and replaced with pure oxygen.
Excess air is supplied to the boiler beyond what is required for complete combustion.
Excess air is the extra air supplied to the burner beyond the air required for complete combustion.
Excess alcohol is a greater health hazard than no alcohol.
Excess alcohol is blotted off.
Excess alcohol is commonly responsible too.
Excess algae can also block industrial intake pipes.
Excess algae can also decrease light available to submerged aquatic vegetation or to corals.
Excess algae fueled by too many nutrients is the largest water quality problem in the Bay.
Excess ammonia cross the ruminal wall and is transported to the liver.
Excess ammonia is absorbed by the blood and passed in the urine as urea.
Excess ammonia is added into the first dish.
Excess ammunition is turned in to the ammunition point.
Excess amounts appear after carbohydrate deprivation or starvation.
Excess amounts can flow off the land and into local water resources at the first rainfall.
Excess amounts have to be sent to the state.
Any excess amount earned is refunded directly to the company.
Any excess amount is considered a resource.
Any excess amount is paid at the start of the next calendar year.
Any excess amount is to be paid to any prior lien holder and any remainder to the owner.
Any excess amount received is includible in the annuitant s gross income.
Excess angiotensin causes hypertension.
Excess animals have to move or die.
Excess applications can also result in soil erosion and contamination of existing water supplies.
Excess applications can reduce fruit size.
Excess articles are subject to duty and taxes.
Excess authorship is discouraged.
Excess baggage is accepted on limited release.
Excess baggage is expensive to bring into Australia.
Excess baggage is handled on a space available basis.
Excess baggage is our worst nightmare, basically.
Excess baggage is subject to airline charge and is the passenger's own responsibility.
Excess baggage is usually the cheaper of the two.
Any excess baggage is at the passenger's own expense.
Any excess band needs to be clipped off with sidecutters.
Any excess beet is paid for at a lower amount than contract price.
Excess biomass is conveyed by the water through the vessel and removed in a clarifier.
Excess bleach ensures that all or nearly all alcohol is reacted in the first step.
Excess blood irritates the stomach and causes vomiting.
Any excess blood is stored in the overflow compartment at the bottom of the vial.
Excess borrowing creates high monthly payments, which can strain even a well-planned budget.
Any excess bronze is removed and the insert is sandblasted.
Excess cables feed through the top and sides of the enclosure.
All excess cable is coiled up and attached securely under the eave.
Excess calcium can harm renal function and can cause kidney stones.
Excess calcium can lead to irritability and headache, soft-tissue calcification, and kidney failure.
Excess calcium is excreted through the urine.
Excess calcium is likely to appear as kidney or gall-bladder stones.
Excess calcium is removed from the reaction mixture under vacuum.
Excess calcium is routed to the bones through the influence of calciotropic hormones.
Excess calcium tends to be deposited in various parts of the body, particularly the joints.
Excess calls are adjustable against the next year's quota.
Excess calories are converted into triglycerides and stored as fat.
Excess calories are stored in fat deposits at the base of the alligator's tail.
Excess calories are what become love handles.
Excess calories are.
Excess calories leads to weight gain.
Excess capacity bodes well for lower inflation into next year.
Excess capacity can be a contagious symptom.
Excess capacity has financial costs.
Excess capacity is near zero.
Excess capacity means adequate supply, reliability and competitive pricing of wholesale power.
Excess capacity means just what it sounds like.
Excess capacity underlies the weakness even though demand is strong.
Excess carbohydrate is stored as glycogen in the liver and skeletal muscle.
Excess carbohydrate raises triglycerides.
Excess carbon is ejected by the engine automatically as it accumulates.
Excess carotene is deposited in the skin.
Excess cases refer to additional cases due to ozone depletion.
Excess cash is carried over to the next month's statement.
Excess cement is removed.
Excess characters can wind up in memory, where they can be executed on restarting.
Excess charges apply to extra hours used.
Any excess charge is all on surface.
Any excess charge is assumed to reside in the center of each cell.
Any excess charge resides on the surface.
Excess chemicals can leach into underground aquifers.
Excess chlorine is needed to drive the reaction to completion .
Excess chlorine is removed with the chemical addition of sodium metabisulfite.
Excess cholesterol causes deposits to form inside blood vessels.
Excess cholesterol is a major contributor to artery-clogging plaque.
Excess cholesterol is deposited in the artery walls as it travels through the bloodstream.
Excess cholesterol is esterified and stored.
Excess cholesterol is solubilized in micelles and in vesicles composed of phospholipid bilayers.
Excess cholesterol occurs in patients who either produce too much or fail to metabolize cholesterol.
Excess chromium is thought to be excreted in the urine.
Excess clauses vary from company to company.
Excess clipping can damage tweeters in an audio system.
Excess clutter is a fast way to turn off a prospective buyer.
Excess coating is removed from the molding's grooves and channels via air knives.
Excess collagen is deposited causing thickening and hardening.
Excess colors are the main cause of bloated Web graphics.
Excess colour can confuse, though a lack of it can undermine motivation and interest.
Excess compensation is included as income for the year in which it is received.
Excess compounds are and have been recycled on a regular basis.
Excess condensation collects in a small pan in the heater and soon evaporates.
Excess consumption can result in oily skin, an indication to decrease dosage.
Excess consumption causes problems.
Most excess consumption causes problems.
Excess contributions are subject to a one per cent per month penalty tax until they are withdrawn.
Excess contributions are subject to the excise tax imposed on IRAs, equal to six percent.
Excess contributions are the total of the following three amounts.
Excess contributions rule.
Excess copper can cause stomach problems.
Excess copper can do it.
Excess copper decreases molybdenum levels.
Excess copper is excreted.
Excess copper is stored in the liver.
Excess copper is the culprit.
Excess cortisol causes calcium to be pulled from the bones.
Excess cortisol destroys the body's control system.
Excess cortisone left on the skin is wasted.
Excess cost is based on the actual weight of the shipment obtained on a certified scale.
Any excess cost is borne by the member institutions.
Any excess cost is the beneficiary's responsibility.
Any excess cost is the responsibility of the beneficiary.
Excess coverage claims.
Excess coverage is also available from commercial insurers.
Excess coverage is also readily available.
Excess coverage is available.
Excess coverage is optional for all vehicles.
Excess creatine is excreted in urine.
Excess credits buy more insurance and increase the amount paid at death.
All excess data is lost.
Any excess days are costly.
Excess demand is a situation in which quantity demanded exceeds quantity supplied.
Excess demand is forced to wait at the entrance ramp.
Excess demand is seen as being a major cause of inflation.
Excess demand is the amount demanded minus the amount supplied.
Excess demand puts an upward pressure on prices, which moves themarket towards equilibrium.
Excess demand tends to induce competition among the buyers that forces prices up.
Excess depreciation is the result of the following.
Excess dopamine has a suppressing effect on the reproductive hormone, prolactin.
Excess dopamine is compulsive.
Excess dopamine is known to be a feature of schizophrenia.
Excess dopamine suppresses the production of the reproductive hormone prolactin.
Excess dose is non toxic.
Excess dye is captured and constantly recycled.
Excess dye is removed after ten-second placement by water rinsing.
Excess electricity is bought from the other two ministries.
Excess electricity is delivered to the local electric utility grid.
Excess electricity is fed back to the utility.
Excess electricity is sold to a local utility company.
Any excess electricity is sold back to a local utility at wholesale rates.
Excess energy consumption causes problems.
Excess energy appears as kinetic energy of the electron.
Excess energy is dissipated in the only way available, i.e., heat developed by the slippage.
Excess energy is generated without producing significant chemical products.
Excess energy is stored as body fat regardless of the original source of energy.
Excess energy is stored as fat in the form of lipids.
Excess energy is stored as fat under the skin and around the belly.
Excess energy is stored as fat, and ammonia is released as a waste product.
Excess energy is stored as fat.
Excess energy is stored in a battery for use when the sun is dim.
Excess energy is stored in a battery pack that is used to power the car on overcast days.
Excess energy is stored in a battery pack that powers the car on cloudy days.
Excess energy is stored in a battery pack which powers the car on cloudy days.
Excess energy is stored in a battery pack, which powers the car on cloudy days.
Excess energy is stored in batteries.
Excess energy is stored in the batteries during the day and extracted as needed during the night.
Excess energy is stored until it is spent during lactation.
Excess energy leads to production.
Excess energy means more calories to cells and potential weight gain.
Any excess energy is stored in a battery for use on dull or rainy days.
Most excess energy leads to production.
Excess epoxy is removed with a bit of sandpaper and then resharpening of the edge is carried out.
Excess equipment is defined as equipment which has been determined to have no commercial value.
Any excess equity is returned to the owner or the owner's heirs.
Excess estrogen can also cause a lack of libido.
Excess estrogen can lead to cancer.
Excess estrogen impedes the cellular utilization of thyroid hormone.
Excess estrogen is excreted in the bowel.
Excess estrogen is known to increase cancer cell replication.
Excess estrogens cause a desire to knits.
Excess ethanol can cause symptoms of alcohol intoxication.
Excess fat can also lead to many other problems including reduced reproductive performance.
Excess fat can cause serious heart and liver damage.
Excess fat can damage blood vessels, and cause weight gain.
Excess fat can have a bad effect on the cat's overall health.
Excess fat can press on the internal organs and affect their function.
Excess fat ends up in the drip pan.
Excess fat is a factor in high blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes, and cancer.
Excess fat is believed to interfere with insulin's role in changing glucose to energy.
Excess fat is deposited in the abdomen, neck and face while the muscles of the arms and legs waste.
Excess fat is drawn through the canulas, with care taken to sculpt the body.
Excess fat is found mainly on the upper body, rather than in the hips and buttocks.
Excess fat is liposuctioned or cut out.
Excess fat is metabolized by aerobic exercise and eating less.
Excess fat is removed from the inside of the lid to flatten and smooth the lids.
Excess fat is trimmed away then baked for many hours to achieve peak flavor and tenderness.
Excess fat is unhealthy - and, to most people, unappealing.
Excess fat is unhealthy for anyone, and diabetics are twice as likely to suffer from heart disease.
Excess fat reduces the body's ability to use calcium.
Excess fat stresses the cardiovascular system and reduces the body's ability to work efficiently.
Excess fats makes fat.
Any excess fat is removed, and the stomach membrane is removed with water or a brush.
Excess feed causes waste.
Excess feed leads to deterioration of water quality and promotes disease.
Excess fertility causes rapid growth and cracking under ideal growing conditions.
Excess fertilizer burns roots and causes hard, brittle foliage.
Excess fertilizer can be harmful to palms.
Excess fertilizer can cause burning of the roots if soil moisture is low.
Excess fertilizer can increase the likelihood of some plant diseases.
Excess fertilizer is likely to wash away before the grass takes it up.
Excess fertilizer moves easily through the soil to the groundwater.
Excess fertilizer promotes thatch build-up and disease and promotes excessive growth.
Excess fertilizer stimulates top growth, often to the detriment of the root system.
Excess fertilizers run off and end up in our rivers and streams.
Excess fertilizers wash off the lawn and are a major source of stormwater pollution.
Excess fibrin begins to degrade.
Excess financing is invested in marketable securities.
Excess flatus causes flatulence.
Excess flour can lead to a stiff dough that cracks.
Excess flow valves.
Excess fluid can be a major factor in weight gain.
Excess fluid drains through the hole into the subarachnoid space.
Excess fluid is carried away by the lymphatic system .
Excess fluid is drained off, and the battery is sealed in a handy carrying case.
Excess fluid is drained via channels near the iris.
Excess fluid is stored here and moisture is removed.
Excess fluid swells the nerve tissue and membranes surrounding the brain.
Excess fluids make body tissues swell.
Excess fluoride can cause staining and mottling of the teeth.
Excess fluoride causes degeneration of the teeth.
Excess foam equals waste.
Excess foam is removed with a saw.
Excess foliage increases the humidity of the canopy and creates an environment for rot and disease.
Excess food causes the body to create excess insulin.
Excess food goes straight through the gastrointestinal system and is eliminated.
Excess food is buried in caches.
Excess food is by no means a reflection of waste in the school district.
Excess food is divided up among neighbors.
Excess food is stored in the body as fat.
Excess food provides no further reduction.
Excess forage is harvested as dry hay or balage for winter-feeding.
Excess funds are ready for students to pick up two days prior to the first day of class.
Excess funds are thus available to invest, or to cover credit or cash flow needs.
Excess funds revert to general revenue.
Any excess gas is burned in an enclosed flare, which eliminates odors and methane gases.
Some excess gases are produced by cellular respiration.
Some excess gases are produced by photosynthesis.
Some excess gases are produced by respiration.
Excess genius is apparently, a problem.
Excess glucosamine is excreted very rapidly through the digestive system.
Excess glucose is converted into glycogen, which is reserve food.
Excess glucose is converted to fat by the liver and adipose cells.
Excess glucose is converted to fat.
Excess glucose is converted to glycogen for storage by the liver and skeletal muscles after meals.
Excess glucose is converted to triglyceride for energy storage.
Excess glucose is stored as body fat.
Excess glucose is stored as fat the body.
Excess glucose is stored as starch or sucrose.
Excess glucose is stored by the liver as glycogen which can be released as it is needed.
Excess glucose is stored in the liver and muscles in a form called glycogen.
Excess glucose passes through the kidneys, causing frequent urination and increased thirst.
Excess glucose produced during photosynthesis is stored as starch.
Excess glucose stimulates the fat enzyme, lipoprotein lipase.
Excess glue is removed from the bottom of the foot.
Excess glue is wiped off the boards before it dries, and the next board is glued in place.
Excess glue is wiped off with a damp rag that's frequently rinsed clean.
Excess glue provides a handle for subsequent glue removal.
Excess glutamate keeps the gates that allow calcium ions across the cell membrane open too long.
Excess gravel can cause stream bank erosion problems.
Any excess healing is lost after the selected body part is healed.
Excess heat can also dry out the stool and cause constipation.
Excess heat can be harmful to the pregnancy and can cause complications.
Excess heat can cause fuel to explode or flame up.
Excess heat can cause sparks.
Excess heat can damage electronic components.
Excess heat can destroy some vitamins.
Excess heat flowing from the core causes the outer layers to gain energy.
Excess heat is disposed of in the atmosphere or in some source of running water such as a river.
Excess heat is drawn from the home, expelled to the loop, and absorbed by the Earth.
Excess heat is drawn from the house and reabsorbed by the ground.
Excess heat is produced by metabolism.
Excess heat is produced which can damage heat exchangers.
Excess heat is radiated to the ground surrounding the house.
Excess heat is released when sweat glands produce perspiration, or sweat.
Excess heat is returned to the source.
Excess heat is shed to the external environment.
Excess heat leads to premature tire failure, so cooler running tires last longer.
Excess heat placed on the ring gear during back-beveling can damage the machine.
Excess heat spoils the coffee flavour.
Excess heat warms nearby homes and agricultural greenhouses.
Most excess heat is produced by metabolism.
Some excess heat causes burns.
Excess height leads to excessive settling.
Excess helium builds up from nuclear fusion in the core and pushes outward d.
Excess histamine is associated with headaches, migraines, depression, allergies, obsessions.
Excess hormones can disrupt normal menstrual cycles and stimulate certain cancers.
Excess hormones come from enlarge glands.
Excess hormones come from glands.
Excess hormones come from parathyroid glands.
Most excess hormones come from enlarge glands.
Most excess hormones come from glands.
Most excess hormones come from parathyroid glands.
Excess humidity can damage machines, funiture, art and hundreds of other important things.
Excess humidity can damage the fertilizer.
Excess humidity can lead to the growth of dust mites and airborne bacteria.
Excess humidity can, over time, rot window woodwork.
Excess humidity makes the compressor run longer.
Excess infiltration is the difference between precipitation and the amount of water infiltrated.
Excess information is a disservice to the Web reader.
Excess information is omitted due to a programming load problem.
Excess information is removed.
Excess ink is squeegeed off by a steel doctor blade.
Excess ink is wiped away, the plate is covered with paper and passed through the printing press.
Excess insulin can lead to obesity, diabetes and high cholesterol.
Excess insulin can result in hypoglycemia and adult onset diabetes.
Excess insulin is detrimental to weight management.
Excess insulin is the primary accelerator of the aging process.
Excess insulin prevents proper egg maturation.
Excess insurance is available but rates are controlled.
Excess insurance is property, liability or health coverage above the primary amount of insurance.
Most excess insurance is written to exclude drop down coverage if primary insurer becomes insolvent.
Excess insurers provide coverage for claims that exceed the primary insurance coverage.
Excess inventory is a byproduct of poor information flow.
Excess inventory is often available at reduced prices.
Excess inventory is the deadliest of deadly sins in the supply chain.
Excess inventory is the downside of buying large quantities at a reduced price from vendors.
Excess inventory ties up capital, physical space, and management time.
Excess iodine is rinsed off with water.
Excess iron can be toxic, especially in children.
Excess iron can be very damaging to the liver.
Excess iron can cause constipation.
Excess iron can damage the liver.
Excess iron can deplete phosphorus.
Excess iron can result in damage to the liver.
Excess iron can stain laundry.
Excess iron is a possible reason.
Excess iron is deposited in the cells of the liver, heart, pancreas, joints, and pituitary gland.
Excess iron is removed from the body in a procedure called phlebotomy.
Excess iron is stored in various organs and can cause other problems.
Excess iron is toxic, causing organ damage.
Excess iron is toxic, causing vomiting, diarrhea, and damage to the intestine.
Excess iron is very dangerous.
Any excess iron is stored in the body as a reserve.
Some excess irrigation increases chances.
Excess irritation can most definitely make acne worse.
Any excess juices run into the removable drip pan for easy clean-up.
Excess ketones accumulate in the blood and are excreted in the urine.
Excess land can be dividable or undividable and often has a separate highest and best use.
Excess language makes it difficult for the reader to sift through the rhetoric to find the meaning.
Excess length is a liability rather than an asset.
Excess levels cause nervous energy and panic attacks.
Excess levels result in mania, high blood pressure, anxiety.
Excess liability is necessary to protect the schools against potentially costly liabilities.
Excess light can actually burn both flowers and leaves.
Excess light can cause natural fur to oxidize or change color.
Excess light disrupts circadian rhythm of flora and fauna.
Excess lights can cause confusion.
Excess lime aggravates nutrient deficiencies, particularly iron chlorosis.
Excess lime appears to increase the incidence of black root rot.
Excess lime is likely to result in iron chlorosis of plants.
Excess limestone provides a reliable source of income, as do limited beer exports.
Excess line coiled in the wall or behind the set can cause signal loss and interference.
Excess line is rolled up near the base of the structure.
Excess liquid interferes with the binding of most of the cold-set products.
Excess liquid is absorbed into a pad under the strip.
Excess liquid is provided with each bottle of powder.
Excess liquids drain back into container, when spring-mounted dasher is released.
Excess lithium poisons the central nervous system.
Excess load is directed to designated overflow servers that can be located anywhere in the network.
Excess logic has an overrated place, Let's forget that too.
Excess loss is the difference between the sum of all the outputs and the sum of all the inputs.
Any excess loss sustained in such year remains as a capital loss.
Excess magnesium can also cause diarrhea in some people.
Excess males live alone or forage with the group.
Excess manganese is more likely to be taken up at a low pH, especially under wet soil conditions.
Excess material is raked back into the container.
Excess material is trimmed off leaving the laminated item.
Excess material received by cytology is stored in alcohol based fixative.
All excess material is removed from the clamps to reduce weight.
Excess meat increases the excretion of nicotine.
Excess mileage is another critical issue.
Excess milk is hand-churned into butter.
Excess minerals coagulate and are filtered out or plate to the electrode.
Excess moisture allows molds and bacteria to prosper and to attack our birds.
Excess moisture can also result in low yields.
Excess moisture can bring about disease pressure.
Excess moisture can cause discoloration and loss of flavor.
Excess moisture can cause problems, such as rot or decay in the wood framing systems.
Excess moisture can cause shrinkage, streaks, or mildew.
Excess moisture can cause the growth of biological organisms, including dust mites and fungi.
Excess moisture can cause wallpaper to fail or ruin nearby cabinets or valuable furniture.
Excess moisture can eat away at the coatings on the optics and rust the interior of the telescope.
Excess moisture can have many causes and as a result often requires more than one solution.
Excess moisture can make hooves weak and prone to cracking.
Excess moisture can promote mildew on paper since it is so absorbent.
Excess moisture can promote rapid deterioration and proliferation of secondary organisms.
Excess moisture can raise the grain of the wood and cause footmarks to show through the finish.
Excess moisture continues to hamper crop growth in many fields.
Excess moisture creates an almost anaerobic condition.
Excess moisture exacerbates the situation.
Excess moisture is evaporated by the heat of the compost and exits with the exhaust air.
Excess moisture is present in the system.
Excess moisture is removed and an adhesive resin is added to hold the fibers together.
Excess moisture is the difference between total moisture and inherent moisture.
Excess moisture is the underlying cause of indoor mold problems.
Any excess moisture is condensed out into liquid or ice.
Some excess moisture decreases growth.
Any excess money is stored in gold or silver in the country's treasury and saved for times of war .
Excess mortar is struck off the troweled joint, with no additional finish.
Excess moss holds moisture at dangerously high levels.
Excess mucus is produced in an attempt to protect the airway.
Some excess mucuses collect in lungs.
Excess mulch smothers the roots by reducing the gas exchange between the soil and air.
Excess nitrates accumulate in plants when they are stressed.
Excess nitrates can cause serious problems for infants.
Excess nitrates can stimulate rapid growth of algae in the marsh channels.
Excess nitrite prevents blood from carrying oxygen, and leads to death.
Excess nitrogen input relates to activities.
Excess nitrogen input relates to human activities.
Excess nitrogen amplifies other costs.
Excess nitrogen can also delay and prevent flower and fruit formation in other crops.
Excess nitrogen can cause fruit drop.
Excess nitrogen can cause lush stands with high humidity in the canopy.
Excess nitrogen can cause overstimulation of growth of aquatic plants and algae.
Excess nitrogen can cause succulent growth, leading to insect, disease and other problems.
Excess nitrogen can harm the circulatory systems of fish.
Excess nitrogen can leach through soil into groundwater.
Excess nitrogen can lead to the loss of fine root biomass and deficiencies in other nutrients.
Excess nitrogen can look like a deficiency.
Excess nitrogen can move downward through the soil as nitrate, causing pollution of groundwater.
Excess nitrogen causes branching and hairy, fibrous roots.
Excess nitrogen causes lush growth and late plants.
Excess nitrogen causes the pile to lose nitrogen to the atmosphere as ammonia gas.
Excess nitrogen contaminates groundwater.
Excess nitrogen encourages foliar growth at the expense of flowers.
Excess nitrogen has the potential to severely alter the natural balance of an ecosystem.
Excess nitrogen increases the thatch and reduces cold and drought tolerance of centipedegrass.
Excess nitrogen is also a problem at sea, where it causes algal blooms, and oxygen depletion.
Excess nitrogen is converted into urea in the liver.
Excess nitrogen is excreted from the body.
Excess nitrogen leads to algal blooms which in turn leads to dangerously low levels of oxygen.
Excess nitrogen produces a lush canopy that favors powdery mildew and strawbreaker foot rot.
Excess nitrogen promotes excess algal growth, resulting in cultural eutrophication.
Excess nitrogen promotes seedling growth and succulence rather than maturation.
Excess nitrogen raises nectarine susceptibility to disease and insects.
Some excess nitrogen comes from proteins.
Excess numbers sit unused.
Excess nutrients allow weeds and algae to bloom, choking out native aquatic species.
Excess nutrients alter the Bay's ecosystem by causing an overgrowth of algae.
Excess nutrients are a major source of pollution in our waters.
Excess nutrients are applied to the soil.
Excess nutrients are common pollutants in coastal waters.
Excess nutrients are stored in various body tissues for future use.
Excess nutrients can also wash off the land when it rains and end up in coastal waters.
Excess nutrients can cause algae blooms.
Excess nutrients can runoff and add to lake pollution.
Excess nutrients cause algae blooms, which degrade water quality in the Bay.
Excess nutrients cause an overgrowth of algae, called algae blooms.
Excess nutrients cause eutrophication, which depletes oxygen.
Excess nutrients cause the water body to become choked with organic substances and organisms.
Excess nutrients flowing into our coastal waters can compound problems caused by anoxia.
Excess nutrients reduce beneficial algae and promote unnatural growth of marsh vegetation.
Excess nutrients stimulate excessive growth.
Excess nutrients stimulate excessive plant growth.
Excess nutrients stimulate growth.
Excess nutrients stimulate plant growth.
Most excess nutrients stimulate excessive growth.
Most excess nutrients stimulate excessive plant growth.
Most excess nutrients stimulate growth.
Most excess nutrients stimulate plant growth.
Some excess nutrients provide food.
Some excess nutrients reduce aquatic biodiversity.
Some excess nutrients reduce biodiversity.
Excess oil can cake when drying producing unsightly blotches in the finish.
Excess oil drains away and the fullest flavor and color of each food is maintained to the maximum.
Excess oil is absorbed and skin is left firmed, balanced and revitalized.
Excess output occurs when the biomass is suddenly released, such as in slash and burn agriculture.
Excess oxidants accumulate and cause oxidosis which, in turn, leads to dysoxygenosis and acidosis.
Excess oxygen is inhibitory - establishment of a host parasite relationship.
Excess oxygen needs for growth.
Most excess oxygen needs for growth.
Excess ozone is removed before it is returned to the tanks.
All excess packaging is recycled when possible to help protect our environment.
Any excess parts are waste.
Excess phlegm is curbed through cedarwood's drying effect.
Excess phosphate creates blooms of extensive algal growth.
Excess phosphate poses an environmental threat.
Excess phosphates can choke freshwater ecosystems.
Excess phosphorus can increase algal growth, which can cause a greenish tint to the water.
Excess phosphorus can interfere with the availability of copper and zinc.
Excess phosphorus is excreted renally.
Excess phosphorus precipitates with iron, reducing available iron.
Excess phosphorus runs off into lakes and streams and promotes algae growth, reducing water quality.
Excess phosphorus stimulates the parathyroid gland to extract calcium from the bones.
Excess phytoplankton dies, consuming oxygen needed by other living resources.
Excess plan becomes primary if there is no other insurance or prepayment plan.
Excess pollutants circulate through the auditorium.
Excess porphyrins cause photosensitivity, in which a person is overly sensitive to sunlight.
Excess potassium can aggravate the uptake of magnesium, manganese, zinc and iron.
Excess potassium induces larval metamorphosis in four marine invertebrate species.
Excess potassium induces magnesium and calcium deficiency.
Excess potassium interferes with calcium and magnesium absorption.
Excess potassium leaves the cell causing a brief hyperpolarization .
Excess potato is removed so that only the shamrock remains raised on the surface.
Excess pounds add stress to weight-bearing joints.
Excess poundage increases the stress on the knees as well as the risk of osteoarthritis.
Excess powder is blown away.
Excess powder remains in place around the model to act as a support during the build.
Excess power is sold back to the local utility.
Excess power is sold back to the power company.
Excess power is sold back to the utility and reduce the facility's electric power costs.
Excess power is sold back to the utility to reduce the facility's electric power costs.
Excess power is stored in batteries for later use.
Any excess power is fed back into the grid.
Any excess premium is to be paid by the employee.
Excess pressure can damage both the plate and the doctor blade.
Excess pressure is called sound pressure .
Excess pressure results from most of the city's water descending from the mountains west of Boulder.
Excess pressure results in falsely low diastolic blood pressure readings.
Excess probe is washed off the blot, then the blot is laid onto X-ray film.
Excess production appears to cause brain damage from stroke and also inflammatory conditions.
Excess production is sold to neighboring El Salvador and Honduras.
Excess profits attract competitors.
Excess profits breed ruinous competition, and more Napster clones are inevitable.
All excess profit is squeezed out.
Excess prolactin can interfere with the regulation of menstruation.
Excess prolactin has a negative effect on fertility.
Excess prolactin reduces estrogen levels and inhibits ovulation.
Excess pronation can place stress on the knees, lower back, and hips.
Excess property is available at no cost or for shipping costs only.
Excess property is scarcer, more valuable and in demand.
Excess prostaglandins make the smooth muscles contract.
Excess protein can also cause overproduction of cecal pellets by overfeeding the cecal bacteria.
Excess protein can also lead to potential health risks, from kidney damage to osteoporosis.
Excess protein can cause the urine to foam in water.
Excess protein can contribute to ulcers and poor digestion.
Excess protein can deprive the athlete of more efficient fuel and can lead to dehydration.
Excess protein can leach calcium from the bones.
Excess protein can put strain on the liver and kidneys.
Excess protein can strain the kidneys, convert into fat, and promote calcium loss from the bones.
Excess protein is an expensive and inefficient source of energy.
Excess protein is broken down by the body and stored as fat, and the byproducts are excreted.
Excess protein is metabolized to fat for energy storage just like excess carbohydrate.
Excess protein is moved out of the limb, and fluid follows the protein molecules.
Excess protein is primary cause of osteoporosis.
Excess protein is stored as fat in the body.
Excess protein is stored as fat.
Excess protein is turned into fat or carbohydrate which is either used or stored.
Excess protein is used as energy and can be stored as body fat.
Excess protein is used as energy or stored as fat.
Excess protein is utilised as an energy source.
Excess protein leads to kidney overload and mineral deficiency diseases, such as osteoporosis.
Excess proteins enter guts.
Most excess proteins enter guts.
Excess quantities are messy and a waste of money.
Excess rain can make the range inaccessible even if the day of the shoot is clear.
Excess rainfall can cause flooding and enormous property and crop damage.
Excess rainfall can lead to problems.
Excess rainfall fosters the growth of ragweed and mold.
Excess reagents are never to be returned to stock bottles.
Excess refrigerant washes the oil right off of critical compressor parts.
Excess reinsurance can be difficult to price.
Excess reserves are balances in excess of that required by the fed.
Excess reserves are reserves over and above required reserves.
Excess reserves are the source for an institutions loan-making ability.
Excess residue rubs off easily.
Excess resin is forced out along with trapped air.
Any excess resin generated during mixing and molding is collected in containers.
Excess revenue is earmarked for school repairs.
Excess revenue is supposed to be placed in a trust fund to meet commitments for future periods.
Excess revenues remain a problem.
Excess revenues spill into school construction.
All excess revenues go back to the college, usually in dorm renovations.
Any excess revenue is used for construction purposes.
Any excess revenues go toward expanded facilities, new diagnostic equipment and treatment services.
Excess riboflavin is excreted in the urine.
Excess risks are greatest in the dustier areas of the respective refineries.
Excess runoff can lead to flooding, which occurs when there is too much precipitation .
Excess saliva causes the drooling.
Excess salt can also interfere with the effectiveness of blood pressure lowering medications.
Excess salt can cause a negative calcium balance.
Excess salt is eliminated from the nostrils.
Excess salt is harmful to plants.
Excess salts accumulate in the soil and travel to leaf edges where tissue is killed off.
Excess salts can be particularly troublesome for desert animals for it can exacerbate dehydration.
Some excess salt increases blood pressure.
Some excess salt increases pressure.
Excess sand is removed by a strike-off blade before it passes under a compaction wheel.
Excess sand is shaken off the exposed tape back into the sediment sample.
Excess sap becomes concentrated as honeydew , which often attracts ants .
Excess sap is secreted as honeydew.
Excess sap is secreted out the anus, and mixed with a substance secreted by glands on the abdomen.
Excess sealant is leveled off at the surface using a squeegee.
Excess sebum can mix with dead skin cells that builds up in the pores.
Excess sebum is associated with oily skin and acne.
Some excess sebums mix with dirt.
Excess sedation associated with benzodiazepines is likely to impair motor function.
Excess sediment can also destroy fish spawning habitat and turn beaches into quagmires.
Excess sediment can also increase the cost of operating water supply reservoirs.
Excess sediment enters the Bay from the erosion of farmland and construction sites.
Excess sediment is more than an eyesore.
Excess sediments build up in lakes and rivers.
Excess sediments can also damage fish gills.
Excess sediments flow into waterways.
Most excess sediments flow into waterways.
Excess selenium is excreted through the urine and lungs.
Excess serotonin can depress behavior.
Excess shell is frequently the cause of detention of various standardized cacao products.
Excess sizing can cause skipped machine stitches.
Excess skin is removed above the forehead.
Excess skin is removed and the remaining skin is sutured or stapled in place.
Excess skin is removed from the area in front of the ears in most cases.
Excess skin is removed.
Excess skin is treated with the laser, fabricating an internal brassiere.
Excess skin is treated with the laser, fabricating the internal brassiere.
Excess sludge is relatively less generated.
Excess sludge is removed from the clarifier of aeration basin by the waste activated sludge pump.
Excess sludge means such increasing and unnecessary sludge.
Excess sodium can also elevate blood pressure in salt-sensitive people.
Excess sodium can lead to high blood pressure to which gout sufferers are prone.
Excess sodium holds excess water, resulting in increased blood volume.
Excess sodium is a risk factor.
Excess sodium is as important a calcium-waster as excess protein.
Excess sodium is associated with water retention and high blood pressure.
Excess sodium raises blood pressure in many people and has other harmful effects.
Excess sodium shows up as an interveinal leaf burn along with twig dieback.
Some excess sodium has effects.
Some excess sodium has harmful effects.
Some excess sodium has other harmful effects.
Any excess solute appears as a solid in the container.
Excess solution is aspirated.
Excess solution remains in the reservoir.
Any excess solvent is collected in shop drains.
Any excess space is given to the center zone.
Excess speed is one of the main causes of teenage accidents.
Excess spending threatens economic vitality.
Excess spray can be toxic to the plant.
All excess spray is kept out of the glazing area and away from the operator.
Excess stain is drained and dried then examined.
Excess stain is removed and the surface is neautralized before it is sealed.
Any excess stain is washed off with water.
Excess starch can cause a drop in rumen pH and acidosis.
Excess starch increases the overall moisture content of one side of the board, increases warp.
Excess steam is vented through the air stacks.
Excess steroids can actually cause acute laminitis.
Excess stimulation can impair the ability to ride safely and intelligently.
Excess stone is cut away.
Excess strap is looped through the cloth retainer.
Excess straw begins to cause problems at about year five.
Excess stress can negatively affect both physical and mental health.
Excess stress creates tension, which can lead to reduced productivity and even illness.
Excess stress is the pathway to disease.
Excess stress leads to illness, illness to absenteeism, absenteeism to turnover.
Excess suds can overflow and actually damage an H-axis machine.
Excess sugar can create a health danger to anyone.
Excess sugar enters the liver and muscles where it is stored in the form of glycogen.
Excess sugar is converted to fat.
Excess sugar is stored as fat in the body.
Excess sulfur can be severely toxic when fed with diets high in protein.
Excess sulfur can cause problems for horses.
Excess sulphur can interfere with the absorption and utilization of other nutrients.
Excess sun can lead to various types of skin cancer, premature skin ageing and sunburn.
Excess sunlight can actually inhibit photosynthesis.
Excess supply is a situation in which quantity supplied exceeds quantity demanded.
Excess supply puts an downward pressure on prices, which moves the market towards equilibrium.
Excess supply tends to induce competition among the sellers that forces prices down.
Excess surcharge is to be paid in case of any damage to the car.
Any excess surcharge is completely unjustified.
Excess sweat pours out of the duct.
Excess synchronization can lead to code that deadlocks or code that runs slowly.
Excess tears flow into two tiny drainage ducts in the corner of the eye by the nose.
Excess template is returned to the user upon request.
Excess thatch can also serve as a home for insects and increased disease development.
Excess thyroid causes higher energy levels, feeling too warm and weight loss.
Excess thyroid causes higher energy levels, feeling too warm, and weight loss.
Excess tillage breaks down soil structure and destroys residue.
Excess tillage can contribute to soil structure breakdown and increased erosion.
Excess tillage can contribute to the breakdown of soil.
Excess tillage reduces crop residues and exposes the soil to wind and water erosion.
Excess tissue can be benign or malignant .
Excess tissue can be benign or malignant.
Excess tissue can be muscle or fat.
Excess tissue can form a mass, called a tumor .
Excess tissue can form a mass, called a tumor.
Any excess tokens go into the warp.
Excess toner is collected from the printer's drum and fed back into the toner reservoir.
Excess traffic is charged.
Excess units apply to technical electives.
Excess units is the difference between total vacant units and normal vacancies.
Excess urea is part of the cause of gouty arthritis.
Excess usage is invoiced monthly in arrears.
Excess use can have a reverse effect.
Excess value is credited each year when approved by our board of directors.
Excess vapor forms clouds.
Any excess vapor is discharged through the exhaust hose.
Excess vibration can also be a contributing factor if the tank is full.
Excess vibration is an indication of a damaged blade, mounting, or crankshaft.
Excess vigor is denoted if a plant is taller than the optimum at the specific node number.
Excess vigour produces too many leaves.
Excess vitamins can also cause severe health problems.
Excess vitamins can become toxic.
Excess volatility can also lead to termination.
Excess waste indicates poorer quality.
Excess waste is carried into a small pond where it is eaten by frogs, fish and insects.
Any excess waste is carried to the pond, where it is eaten by fish, frogs or insects.
Any excess wastewater is gravity-fed to the exterior landscaping for further treatment.
Excess water vapor forms clouds.
Excess water becomes runoff, and spills into the stream, so water rises.
Excess water can be a problem, though.
Excess water can be harmful to plants.
Excess water can be just as bad.
Excess water can cause plant roots to rot.
Excess water can cause the color to look pale and weak.
Excess water can come into the system from storms and groundwater, causing a failure to the system.
Excess water can create problems.
Excess water can cut production.
Excess water can keep the soil too moist, which damages roots.
Excess water can kill.
Excess water can lead to anaerobic conditions.
Excess water can manifest as weight problems.
Excess water can promote fungus and root diseases.
Excess water can result in late season hollow heart.
Excess water can result in wood rot.
Excess water carries pollutants.
Excess water causes diseases, reduced growth rate, and loss of stand.
Excess water causes roots to smother leading to reduced calcium uptake.
Excess water drains back to the pool area as material is discharged out the upper end of the trough.
Excess water drains in approx.
Excess water enters oceans.
Excess water flows over the ground and takes rocks and other loose weathered material with it.
Excess water flows to the playa and evaporates.
Excess water generated by root pressure at night can escape through leaf valves called hydathodes .
Excess water has effects.
Excess water is absorbed when the plant is watered and slowly given off as the soil dries.
Excess water is almost impossible to remove.
Excess water is also a huge problem.
Excess water is blotted out with scrap paper.
Excess water is blotted up with cheesecloth.
Excess water is boiled off in an evaporator, often over a wood fire.
Excess water is collected and periodically pumped out of the cell.
Excess water is decanted and the resulting slurry cooked in water or milk.
Excess water is diverted offsite through a buried non pervious drain line.
Excess water is drained and the towel removed.
Excess water is drained through the channel system on the under side.
Excess water is released periodically through urination and perspiration.
Excess water is removed and they are packed for market.
Excess water is removed by blotting from below.
Excess water is removed by the contractile vacuoles.
Excess water is removed in the grit screw conveyor.
Excess water is stored in a pair of lagoons adjacent to the manure separator.
Excess water is transpired back into the atmosphere as part of the hydrologic cycle.
Excess water needs to be drained or diverted away from the project.
Excess water percolates through and moisture retention capacity is improved.
Excess water prevents oxygen from reaching roots, a primary cause of root disease.
Excess water produces voids that reduce density and hence the strength of the cement paste.
Excess water reduces the ability of many plants to take up iron.
Excess water saturates the soil and results in damage to the roots.
Excess water spills out from the wooden aqueduct.
Excess water wastes time and energy.
Any excess water flows over the top of the wooden boards.
Any excess water runs out overflow pipes into the drainage.
Any excess water strain off.
Most excess water carries pollutants.
Most excess water enters oceans.
Most excess water has effects.
Some excess water flows into streams.
Excess wax comes off clean after a water rinse without sticky residue.
Excess wax is eliminated.
Excess weight adds to efforts of the heart.
Excess weight adds to heart strain.
Excess weight adds to strain on the heart.
Excess weight affects the face and the figure, besides affecting one's self-confidence.
Excess weight aggravates osteoarthritis.
Excess weight aggravates the potential for injury and adds to the strain on the joints .
Excess weight can accelerate arthritis in the knees, hips and spine.
Excess weight can also make joint surgery more difficult and risky.
Excess weight can also result in disc degeneration and arthritis in the spine.
Excess weight can be very difficult to lose after the baby is born.
Excess weight can cause strain in regions of the body.
Excess weight can cost a considerable amount of money.
Excess weight can damage people's legs, especially the knees.
Excess weight can make the heart and lungs work harder.
Excess weight can make the heart work harder.
Excess weight can seriously compromise cardiopulmonary function.
Excess weight carries many of the same negative effects for pets that it does for their owners.
Excess weight causes more stress on the joints and exacerbates existing arthritis pain.
Excess weight creates a higher risk of heart disease, high blood pressure and diabetes.
Excess weight does add age.
Excess weight increases risk of developing many health problems.
Excess weight increases the heart's work.
Excess weight increases the load on the joints.
Excess weight increases the risk for developing arthritis in the back and knees.
Excess weight increases the risk for developing osteoarthritis in the knees.
Excess weight increases the risk of other illnesses such as heart disease, diabetes and cancer.
Excess weight increases the strain on the heart, raises blood pressure and blood cholesterol.
Excess weight increases the strain on the heart.
Excess weight interferes with the body's ability to use insulin.
Excess weight is a burden to heart and kidneys.
Excess weight is a health risk.
Excess weight is a major risk factor for osteoarthritis.
Excess weight is a risk factor for heart disease.
Excess weight is a very common factor in people with sleep apnea.
Excess weight is associated with an increased risk of diabetes.
Excess weight is believed to be a cause of hypertension in many individuals.
Excess weight is easier to prevent than to lose.
Excess weight is linked to our life history.
Excess weight is linked to poor health.
Excess weight is merely a symptom of underlying emotional, mental or spiritual causes.
Excess weight is more than being uncomfortable, it is a medical risk.
Excess weight is never good.
Excess weight is probably the biggest problem in older beagles.
Excess weight is the epidemic in question.
Excess weight is to be avoided at all costs.
Excess weight is unhealthy because it increases the strain on the heart.
Excess weight makes controlling one's body more difficult and energy-consuming.
Excess weight makes the heart work harder and can cause many other health problems.
Excess weight puts a lot of additional strain on the back.
Excess weight puts a strain on the entire circulatory system.
Excess weight puts additional strain on joints and ligaments.
Excess weight puts extra stress on bones and joints that suffer from the arthritic condition.
Excess weight puts extra wear and tear on joints Exercise regularly.
Excess weight puts increased stress on weight-bearing joints affected with arthritis.
Excess weight puts more load on the healing tissues and on the arthritic joint.
Excess weight puts pressure on a dog's joints, reducing mobility.
Excess weight puts strain on the back.
Excess weight puts strain on the heart.
Excess weight reduces the clearance of estrogen.
Excess weight stresses weight bearing joints.
Excess weight tends to increase blood cholesterol levels.
All excess weight is removed, with NO LOSS in strength.
Excess wheat can prevent proper absorption of zinc.
Excess wire is collected and taken to a scrap yard for copper recovery.
Excess wire is wrapped around the wire.
Excess words incur an additional full charge.
Excess zinc can cause a calcium deficiency.
Excess zinc can worsen liver conditions where copper is poorly absorbed.
Excess zinc is suspect in liver disease.
Excess zinc is toxic to plants, although zinc toxicity is far less widespread.
Excess zinc is toxic.
Excess has effects.
Excess has negative effects.
Excess is superabundance
Excess isa abundance.
Excess leads to liver problems.
Excess leads to problems.
Excesses are harmlessly urinated out of the body.
Excesses are in any case to be avoided absolutely.
Excesses can and do occur.
Excesses can contribute to ecosystem degradation, whereas deficiencies can hinder plant growth.
Excesses create drain on body strength and energy to process.
Excesses is washed away.
Excesses stored in the liver can cause jaundice and liver damage.
Excesses vary in amount.
Excesses weaken the soul.
Excesses usually occur when multiple combinations of micronutrients are applied.
All excess is detrimental.
All excess is illness, but drunkenness is the worst sort.
All excess is injurious.
All excesses quoted are compulsory.
All excesses sift through the filter of real things.
Any excess can then go for luxuries.
Any excess evaporates out for complete self cleaning.
Any excess goes into a dedicated fund to be used for ballpark-related expenses.
Any excess increases the spurious transmissions present to an extent which is out of proportion.
Any excess is a liquid surplus available to meet imbalances in the flow of funds.
Any excess is allocated among the beneficiaries in the same manner as the trust's accounting income.
Any excess is attibuted to extinction.
Any excess is available to grass growing near.
Any excess is charged at cost.
Any excess is chopped and frozen in refrigerator ice trays in either water or olive oil.
Any excess is considered a donation to the library and the amount of fine remaining is returned.
Any excess is contributed to research.
Any excess is converted to glycogen and stored in the liver for ready conversion back to glucose.
Any excess is covered by a commercial insurance company.
Any excess is deanimated in the liver, and excreted in urine.
Any excess is debited to an equity account.
Any excess is deductable over the next five years.
Any excess is deductible over the next five years.
Any excess is destroyed or diluted in the blood.
Any excess is frozen for later use, in case the fat filling gets reabsorbed into the body.
Any excess is lost.
Any excess is passed on to the next host state.
Any excess is removed from the external portion of the ear.
Any excess is returned.
Any excess is subject to the accumulated earnings tax.
Any excess is subject to the generally applicable local income taxes.
Any excess is taxable.
Any excess is the amount to withhold for the current payroll period.
Any excess is toieties and associations, and campesino community organizations.
Any excess is viewed as an environmental component pollution case.
Any excess overflows into the outer chamber where it is also measured.
Every excess has a price.
Most excess has effects.
Most excess has negative effects.
Excessive abbreviations are to be avoided.
Excessive absence affects the quality of work and therefore the grade.
Excessive absence can be cause for loss of a grade or failure.
Excessive absence can result in class failure.
Excessive absence is a valid reason for an instructor to expel a student from a course.
Excessive absence is cause for failure in the course.
Excessive absence is cause for failure of a level and for expulsion.
Excessive absence is certain adversely to affect performance and grades.
Excessive absence is detrimental.
Excessive absence is grounds for an F in the course.
Excessive absence is one of the valid reasons for an instructor to expel a student from a course.
Excessive absence results in unsatisfactory or failing grades.
Excessive absences are grounds for automatic failure.
Excessive absences are to be avoided.
Excessive absences are unacceptable.
Excessive absences can affect grades.
Excessive absences can be a reason for failure of the course.
Excessive absences can both impede learning and adversely affect the student's grade.
Excessive absences can do nothing but adversely affect final grades in a process-based class.
Excessive absences can have a negative effect on student performance.
Excessive absences can have a negative effect on the student's learning and performance.
Excessive absences can reduce a student s grade or deny credit for the course.
Excessive absences can result in a grade of incomplete.
Excessive absences can result in a reduction in grade.
Excessive absences constitute cause for dropping a student from class.
Excessive absences correlate highly with low grades.
Excessive absences correlate highly with lower grades.
Excessive absences create frustrations and cause negative feelings to occur.
Excessive absences interfere with the orderly development of sound educational progress.
Excessive absenteeism can have an adverse effect upon academic performance.
Excessive absenteeism is counterproductive to all in a structured classroom learning situation.
Excessive absenteeism is disrespectful of other students and instructors time.
Excessive absenteeism is more than six days of unexcused absences in any year.
Excessive absenteeism is subject to dismissal from the program after faculty review.
Excessive absenteeism is usually grounds for disciplinary action.
Excessive accumulation ruins one's activity.
Excessive acid is from the ingestion of grass.
Excessive acidity can destroy body tissue, internal organs and blood.
Excessive acidity can destroy body tissue, internal organs, and blood.
Excessive activities ruin one's mind.
Excessive air is swallowed on the next suck.
Excessive alcohol consumption damages hearts.
Excessive alcohol consumption has effects.
Excessive alcohol acts as a poison to the system.
Excessive alcohol aggravates psoriasis.
Excessive alcohol can also bring on an attack.
Excessive alcohol can cause a blackout phenomenon.
Excessive alcohol is also a risk factor.
Excessive alcohol is another notorious beauty robber.
Excessive alcohol is bad for anyone.
Excessive alcohol is the last harmful drink.
Excessive alcohol is toxic to bone forming cells and inhibits absorption of calcium.
Excessive alcohol is toxic.
Excessive algae sucks up the oxygen, killing fish.
Excessive alkalinity can cause physiological and digestive upsets in livestock.
Excessive ammonia encourages vegetative growth and reduces fruit production.
Excessive ammonia leaving the rumen is wasteful from a nutritional standpoint.
Excessive amount leads to scar tissue development.
Excessive amounts administered over the long-term is usually irreversible.
Excessive amounts are toxic.
Excessive amounts can interfere with calcium absorption.
Excessive amounts can lead to heart attack and stroke.
Excessive amounts can wreak havoc.
Excessive amounts cause the foliage to burn.
Excessive amounts make water unfit to drink or use in industrial processes.
Excessive amounts overwhelm the system and damage ensues.
Excessive amounts produce unsavory smells and taste.
Excessive anger creates insanity.
Excessive angers causes dysfunction of liver.
Excessive anorexics go alone and hide to lose more weight.
Excessive anticoagulation is known to raise the risk of major hemorrhage.
Excessive anxiety can disrupt performance on standardized tests and other important tasks.
Excessive application can lead to severe burns.
Excessive application causes excessive contaminated runoff into the storm sewer system.
Excessive behavior creates conditions.
Excessive behavior creates dangerous conditions.
Excessive behavior involves irritability and angry outbursts.
Excessive behaviors occur along a continuum of risk ranging from minimal to extreme .
Most excessive behavior creates conditions.
Most excessive behavior creates dangerous conditions.
Excessive borax can be toxic to certain plants.
Excessive boron can kill young apple and pear trees.
Excessive brightness has a number of disadvantages.
Excessive bulk is bad, as is loss of flexibility.
Excessive caffeine can be addictive and have harmful side effects.
Excessive caffeine can increase urinary excretion of calcium.
Excessive caffeine can lead to inappropriately low prolactin levels in women.
Excessive caffeine intake significantly contributes to heart and digestive problems.
Excessive calcium can interfere with the absorption of copper, iron, magnesium, manganese and zinc.
Excessive calcium creates the first big series of problems.
Excessive calcium is often due to low magnesium, although there are other causes.
Some excessive calcium interferes with absorption.
Some excessive calcium interferes with copper absorption.
Excessive capacity can also compound design and aesthetic problems.
Excessive carbohydrate intake absolutely and relatively is a problem.
Excessive cat shedding Excessive cat shedding Shedding in cats is a natural phenomenon.
Excessive changes lead to Moving target syndrome.
Excessive chassis roll The chassis to be sluggish and unresponsive to the driver.
Excessive cholesterol contributes to atherosclerosis and subsequent heart disease .
Excessive cholesterol is a leading cause of heart attacks in North America.
Excessive classes are counter-productive and make pupils feel inadequate.
Excessive clippings favor the formation of thatch, restricting air and water movement.
Excessive clutter creates stress and turns off prospective buyers.
Excessive clutter increases the fire and accident potential .
Excessive cold can cause cracks in the facepiece causing leaks.
Excessive collagen causes tumors to spread.
Excessive concussion combined with incorrect shoeing causes the cartilage to convert into bone.
Excessive consumption can damage and kill the host.
Excessive consumption can interfere with iron absorption.
Excessive consumption can lead to a lower bone mass.
Excessive consumption damages hearts.
Excessive consumption has effects.
Most excessive consumption has effects.
Some excessive consumption causes hypertension.
Some excessive consumption causes illnesses.
Some excessive consumption causes severe illnesses.
Excessive contact is known to cause damage to the nasal septum.
Excessive control is costly and counterproductive.
Excessive control is poor compensation for lack of trust.
Excessive coolness can distract from concentration and excessive heat can cause drowsiness.
Excessive corrosion is cause to discard the bolts.
Excessive costs are to be avoided.
Excessive costs factor into the prices that users pay.
Excessive coupling is detrimental to modular design and prevents reuse.
Excessive criticism is abusive.
Excessive current can also damage the diodes and circuitry.
Excessive current can be detrimental to the pipe.
Excessive curvature decreases performance for two reasons.
Excessive curves give a busy look and are difficult to mow around.
Excessive cutting can result in a Failure.
Excessive cutting reduces yields and the clump is more susceptible to wind damage during storms.
Excessive cycling can be very detrimental to the life of a heater.
Excessive debris delays the warming up and drying of the soil surface in the spring.
Excessive debt comes from wanting and getting,everything now.
Excessive debt comes from wanting, and getting, everything now .
Excessive debt comes from wanting, and getting, everything NOW .
Excessive debt eats up discretionary money.
Excessive debt is a symptom of our attitudes and a product of our behaviors.
Excessive debt is part of a vicious circle from which many countries can barely escape.
Excessive debt is still one of the most important obstacles to development for many poor countries.
Excessive debt loads demand a big slice of earnings for debt service.
Excessive dehydration can be life-threatening.
Excessive dehydration requires a knife or other sharp instrument to remove.
Excessive demand caused by unexpected demands or a lack of confidence can cause a crisis.
Excessive demands continue, especially for transport.
Excessive desire is thus a means of suppressing our sense of worthlessness.
Excessive desires are responsible for the decline of human values in man.
Excessive desires are the main cause for the sufferings of mankind.
Excessive desires are the source of all ills.
Excessive detail makes it harder to see a pattern of relationships.
Excessive detonation can be very harmful to the engine.
Excessive development is one reason that floods have been so bad in recent years.
Excessive discipline is contrary to the welfare of the child, even when discipline is justifiable.
Excessive disturbances are caused by effects.
Most excessive disturbances are caused by effects.
Excessive doses can cause lethargy, nose bleeds, nausea and diarrhea, among other symptoms.
Excessive doses can cause nausea, vomiting and diarrhea.
Excessive doses can produce mental confusion, severe anxiety, and paranoia.
Excessive doses injure and plug the phloem so that translocation is slowed or stopped.
Excessive dosage can cause clitoral enlargement and lowering of the voice.
Excessive dosage can lead to diarrhea.
Excessive dose can cause unconsciousness and death.
Excessive doses can cause depression , slurred speech, slowed reflexes and confusion.
Excessive doses can cause dizziness, nausea, and vomiting.
Excessive doses can cause gastroenteritis and even death.
Excessive doses can in rare cases cause death from heart failure.
Excessive doses can lead to nerve damage.
Excessive doses can produce mental confusion , severe anxiety , and paranoia .
Excessive doses can produce mental confusion, severe anxiety, and paranoia.
Excessive doses can produce mental confusion, severe anxiety, arid aggressiveness.
Excessive doses lead to vasoconstriction.
Excessive drift can affect time dependent software.
Excessive drink behavior creates conditions.
Excessive drink behavior creates dangerous conditions.
Excessive dryness can cause cracking.
Excessive dryness can create problems even more serious in nature.
Excessive dryness can kill tarantulas, especially when they molt.
Excessive dust are potentially explosive.
Excessive dust can also lead to cooling fans locking up.
Excessive eating does violence to the body.
Excessive eating is to the body of man like deadly poison and can be the root of all diseases.
Excessive egg laying also depletes a female's body of calcium as well as other nutrients.
Excessive electricity flowing through the human body can cause serious damage to internal organs.
Excessive email can result in non-delivery and loss of disk space.
Excessive empathy leads to increased giving to others and less for self.
Excessive employment is one of the principal causes of academic failure in college .
Excessive engine operating temperatures also cause an increase in the rate of oil consumption.
Excessive equipment is considered as a reason to deny a proposal.
Excessive erasures are the tip-off.
Excessive erosion can weaken the sides of the road itself.
Excessive erosion continues to be a serious problem in many parts of the country.
Excessive erosion fills pools and makes stream habitat less suitable for trout and salmon.
Excessive erosion is caused by wind.
Most excessive erosion is caused by wind.
Excessive estrogen causes swelling in the brain.
Excessive estrogen is a primary contributor to breast cancer.
Excessive estrogen is also the most common cause of painful menstruations.
Excessive exercise can bring on a charley horse.
Excessive exercise can interfere with ovulation making conception difficult.
Excessive exercise is also part of the picture.
Excessive exercise is as bad as no exercise at all.
Excessive exposure can affect blood, nervous and digestive systems.
Excessive exposure can also exaggerate and thicken fine lines.
Excessive exposure can be harmful or eventually fatal.
Excessive exposure can cause liver damage and other health problems.
Excessive exposure can cause severe blistering.
Excessive exposure can fade and dry out leather upholstery.
Excessive exposure can produce muscular tremors, uncontrolled mucous secretion, convulsion and coma.
Excessive exposure can produce serious, possible irreversible lung damage.
Excessive exposure can produce serious, possibly irreversible lung damage.
Excessive familiarity can degrade an auditor's effectiveness.
Excessive fat is unhealthy for individuals and nations alike.
Excessive fat is usually most noticeable between the back legs in the abdominal region.
Excessive fat reduces the metabolism of purines in the blood.
Excessive fatigue generates faulty judgment.
Excessive fatigue occurs from a generalized loss of nutrients, minerals and vitamins.
Excessive fear is the rain to any good fire starter.
Excessive fears become irrational fears or phobias.
Excessive fees are a matter of professional ethics.
Excessive fees are grounds for disciplinary action.
Excessive fermentation can also lead to systemic bacterial infections and other illnesses.
Excessive fertility causes weak stems and poor flower quality.
Excessive fertilization can also lead to blossom drop.
Excessive fertilization can also waste money and contribute to environmental pollution.
Excessive fertilization can create noxious algal blooms.
Excessive fertilization can predispose peaches to severe bacterial spot infections.
Excessive fertilization causes the plants to grow large and tilt in the pots.
Some excessive fertilization results in disorder.
Some excessive fertilization stimulates growth.
Excessive fertilizer builds up in the soil and adds to the salt content.
Excessive fertilizer can be toxic to trees.
Excessive fertilizer can cause leaf edge burn.
Excessive fertilizer can cause the tree to fail to produce enough new roots.
Excessive fever can cause problems such as dehydration and discomfort.
Excessive fines constitute one mode of inflicting cruel punishments.
Excessive flour can lead to a cracked top.
Excessive food intake increases production.
Excessive force becomes an issue when police officers are unprepared for events.
Excessive force can damage the ball of the pen tip.
Excessive force can tear weak rotator cuff tendons.
Excessive force exceeds even working police notions of normal force.
Excessive force is always unnecessary force.
Excessive force is one of the main contributors to overuse symptoms and problems.
Excessive force is uncalled for.
Excessive forces cause damage.
Most excessive forces cause damage.
Some excessive forces have effects.
Some excessive forces have serious effects.
Some excessive forces have serious long term effects.
Some excessive forces have term effects.
Excessive fructose is provided by the several pieces of fruit needed to make one glass of juice.
Excessive gas can cause nausea, abdominal pain, sweating and belching.
Excessive gimmicks make for cumbersome navigation.
Excessive glare can make driving difficult and light clutter can cause distraction.
Excessive glare is especially annoying when watching TV or using a computer.
Excessive grain can also cause many problems.
Excessive graphics can be slow to load.
Excessive graphics can kill a Web site faster than anything.
Excessive grazing can eliminate or suppress many species.
Excessive grazing leads to direct mortality from predation or trampling or degrades the habitat.
Excessive greed is socially undesirable.
Excessive grief is womanish.
Excessive growth has to be limited to promote the fruiting.
Excessive growth prevents proper coverage, so thin out the growth before applying the spray.
Excessive hair can be a symptom of a more serious condition.
Excessive heat breaks down the body's natural cooling system.
Excessive heat can affect pollination in most flowering crops, resulting in reduced yields.
Excessive heat can also damage recording media, and cause immediate failure of computer electronics.
Excessive heat can be a problem.
Excessive heat can be another cause of radiator failure.
Excessive heat can be troublesome during mid-summer.
Excessive heat can build up and crack the piece.
Excessive heat can cause crazing and seal damage.
Excessive heat can cause damage to the envelope material.
Excessive heat can cause damage, and damaged equipment can lead to outages.
Excessive heat can cause multiple sclerosis to flare up.
Excessive heat can cause some pesticides to volatilize and drift away from the storage site.
Excessive heat can contribute to physical and mental changes.
Excessive heat can cut lamp life in half.
Excessive heat can damage any component, especially physically moving ones such as disk drives.
Excessive heat can damage the semiconductor material.
Excessive heat can lead to deeper sleep, preventing a baby's arousal.
Excessive heat can lead to separations.
Excessive heat can melt glues and warp plastic parts.
Excessive heat can turn people off on gardening and cause the plants to wilt.
Excessive heat can warp a tape.
Excessive heat causes power lines to sag and short out.
Excessive heat creates several safety risks.
Excessive heat is cruel and unusual.
Excessive heat is most detrimental to batteries.
Excessive heat is one of the most common reasons for electronic equipment failure.
Excessive heat is responsible for more electronic failures than any other single cause.
Excessive heat is usually a product of a poorly ventilated attic.
Excessive heat kills bacteria.
Excessive heat kills symbiotic bacteria.
Excessive heat leads to swirls of fat bloom.
Excessive heat scorches the yin fluids and leads to dryness.
Excessive heat tends to damage the electrodes.
Most excessive heat kills bacteria.
Most excessive heat kills symbiotic bacteria.
Some excessive heat causes problems.
Some excessive heat leads to contamination.
Excessive heating can cause explosive behavior with any type of battery.
Excessive heating is a good indication of internal leakage through a shuttle valve.
Excessive heating is an issue in pregnancy.
Excessive hooks come from a couple of places.
Excessive hormones can cause disease in any part of the body to complicate the healing process.
Excessive humidity can cause microorganisms to flourish.
Excessive humidity can cause wood fibers to swell, creating cracks in the finish.
Excessive humidity can deteriorate the chemicals used on the media surface.
Excessive humidity can totally block the sound coming through the earhook.
Some excessive humidity causes problems.
Excessive immunosuppression can occur when used in combination with other immunosuppressive agents.
Excessive importance is underminded by persistence.
Excessive indulgence can cause problems, but it's only in excess that the trouble lies.
Excessive inflation is curbed.
Excessive inflow prevent the formation of shallow pools that concentrate fish.
Excessive information can cause cognitive overload.
Excessive information is always better than no information.
Excessive ingestion is toxic.
Excessive inhalation can cause irritation and dizziness.
Excessive inhalation can cause nasal and respiratory irritation.
Excessive inhalation causes headache, dizziness, nausea and incoordination.
Excessive inhalation causes refractory bronchial obstruction.
Excessive inquiries can lead to a credit denial as easily as bad credit.
Excessive inquiries can result in a credit denial as easily as bad credit.
Excessive intake can cause restlessness, insomnia, heart irregularities, and delirium.
Excessive intake can lead to deficiencies of other elements.
Excessive intake can lead to iron overload in susceptible subjects.
Excessive intake can lead to overweight and the development of health problems later in life.
Excessive intake can lead to stomach and intestinal irritation and vomiting.
Excessive intake increases production.
Excessive intake is associated with tooth decay and obesity.
Excessive intakes occur quite frequently.
Most excessive intake increases production.
Some excessive intake causes buildups.
Excessive internalization slows the story.
Excessive inventories are the result of both declining sales and the easing of shortages.
Excessive iron can actually stimulate freed radical production levels.
Excessive iron can cause heart and liver disease and significant brain damage.
Excessive iron is a potent generator of free radical activity in the body.
Excessive irrigation can promote greater weed growth and cause other problems.
Excessive irrigation causes more problems than lack of water.
Excessive irrigation depletes the water level.
Excessive irrigation is harmful to the lawn.
Excessive irrigation lowers the solids content of the fruit.
Excessive jewellery is never an advantage.
Excessive jitter makes speech choppy and difficult to understand.
Excessive juice is no better than a melted down popsicle.
Excessive lag can make communication difficult.
Excessive leakage requires the use of keepers, adding back delay.
Excessive leisure is like too much food.
Excessive length can be a reason for rejection of an application.
Excessive length is avoided and pages are numbered.
Excessive length presents difficulties for peer reviewers, editors and readers.
Excessive lenience can result in additional transgressions, culminating in a life of crime.
Excessive leniency can result in additional transgressions, culminating in a life of crime.
Excessive levels are undesirable as it imparts a sour and salty taste at high concentrations.
Excessive levels can cause serious health hazards, especially in infants.
Excessive levels can lead to nausea, vomiting, heart rhythm problems, and even seizures.
Some excessive levels have effects.
Some excessive levels lead to health problems.
Some excessive levels lead to problems.
Excessive light can cause eyelid lesions.
Excessive light can quickly destroy the leaf blade.
Excessive light is as harmful as too little light.
Excessive links make the internet a wasteland.
Excessive liquid can damage any computer component.
Excessive litigation is the single largest cost driver in the system.
Excessive love can cause problems.
Excessive lubrication can cause problems in a diving system.
Excessive makeup is to be avoided.
Excessive manipulation can result in secondary infection.
Excessive masturbation is like a drug.
Excessive meditation is sheer folly.
Excessive menstruation is a common cause of discomfort and lifestyle disruption for many women.
Excessive mining combined with drought is particularly destructive.
Excessive moisture can actually move the slab, causing cracks on interior walls and ceiling.
Excessive moisture can also cause problems with unloading if the silage freezes.
Excessive moisture can cause joint whitening.
Excessive moisture can lead to booming slug populations.
Excessive moisture can lead to other crop problems.
Excessive moisture can make the appliance work harder and use more energy.
Excessive moisture can penetrate and damage the wood-base core of laminate flooring.
Excessive moisture contributes to rapid breakdown of rabbit waste and can lead to ammonia build-up.
Excessive moisture displaces oxygen in the soil and plant roots can suffocate as a result.
Excessive moisture encourages mold and fungus growth which damages the buds.
Excessive moisture is a hazard to hop production because it increases the incidence of mildew.
Excessive moisture is a serious problem encountered when bermuda is dormant.
Excessive moisture is another common cause, from irrigation, drainage changes, broken pipes, etc.
Excessive moisture is fatal for some animals.
Excessive moisture is frequently the cause of barn fires.
Excessive moisture leads to problems.
Most excessive moisture leads to problems.
Some excessive moisture causes damage.
Some excessive moisture leads to outbreaks.
Some excessive moisture provides habitats.
Excessive mortality can result from rough handling.
Excessive motion is controlled.
Excessive movement indicates a problem with the tibial collateral ligament.
Excessive mucus can clog the urinary appliance.
Excessive N can increase disease, lodging and drought stress during head fill.
Excessive navigation can become confusing.
Excessive niacin is excreted in the urine.
Excessive nitrate can result in restriction of oxygen transport in the bloodstream.
Excessive nitrates are dangerous to infants under a year of age.
Excessive nitrogen can cause the foliage to overgrow and hide the flowers.
Excessive nitrogen can contribute to decreased oil content in the seed.
Excessive nitrogen can lead to higher levels of lodging and disease.
Excessive nitrogen can result in foliage production at the expense of flower production.
Excessive nitrogen can result in reduced yields, and increased lodging.
Excessive nitrogen can result in succulent growth with dark green color and weak spindly stems.
Excessive nitrogen creates weak spindly growth, resulting in few flowers and fruits.
Excessive nitrogen encourages high vegetative vigor, which causes a dense canopy to be produced.
Excessive nitrogen favors aphid reproduction.
Excessive nitrogen is often a reason flowers fail to bloom properly.
Excessive nitrogen is the most common cause of lush foliage with no tomato fruits in the garden.
Excessive nitrogen reduces sugar per ton and increases sugar loss to molasses.
Excessive nitrogen reduces the dry matter of potatoes and processing quality.
Excessive noise can be an annoyance.
Excessive noise can damage health.
Excessive noise causes increased errors from garbled signals and increases re-transmissions.
Excessive noise causes nausea in some animals.
Excessive noise emanating from trucks is another concern that has been brought to the table.
Excessive noise impedes network operation reducing the effective speed of the network.
Excessive noise includes that generated by low-flying airplanes and types of heavy, loud machinery.
Excessive noise is a nuisance, and nuisance can be a tort.
Excessive noise is another obstacle for a successful optimization project.
Excessive noise is illnesses.
Excessive noise is obviously difficult to define.
Excessive noise is one of the leading causes of permanent hearing damage.
Excessive noise is perhaps a less perceived, but still very intensive factor affecting human health.
Excessive noise is the main factor.
Excessive norepinephrine is associated with symptoms such as anxiety, agitation and mania.
Excessive nutrients are the primary problem in Washington's lakes.
Excessive nutrients can also promote the growth of potentially toxic organisms.
Excessive nutrients can trigger excessive algae growth, or eutrophication.
Excessive oppression leads to excessive anti-oppression.
Excessive organization can only get in the way of productivity.
Excessive organization is always the beginning of corruption.
Excessive overheads are an extremely common problem for ranch businesses.
Excessive overtime causes employee burnout and increases safety incidents.
Excessive oxidation can cause damage to tissues.
Excessive oxidation can sometimes cause harmful effects.
Excessive oxygen can hinder brain, heart, lung, muscle and memory function.
Excessive pain is an early warning symptom.
Excessive paperwork can be costly.
Excessive payment demands.
Excessive perspiration can also result in acne.
Excessive perspiration can occur in the hands, the underarms, the feet, the trunk, or the face.
Excessive perspiration causes conditions.
Excessive perspiration causes.
Excessive perspiration costs socially, economically and healthwise.
Excessive perspiration costs socially, economically, emotionally and healthwise.
Excessive perspiration is also a symptom of diabetes, anaemia and hyperthyroidism.
Excessive perspiration occurs and sweat glands become active.
Most excessive perspiration causes conditions.
Excessive phosphorus can move to rivers, ponds and lakes and promote the growth of algae and weeds.
Excessive phosphorus causes potassium imbalance and stunting of root growth.
Excessive phosphorus is much more common than a deficiency.
Excessive plaque causes gums to recede and leads to a loss of teeth.
Excessive play can lead to leaks.
Excessive politeness means to err on the side of the positive wording.
Excessive pollutants can overburden the cleansing capabilities of marshes.
Excessive pollution can also impact public health.
Excessive potassium can be detrimental to a peanut crop.
Excessive potassium can lower calcium levels.
Excessive potassium causes chlorosis, poor root growth, and wilted new shoots.
Excessive potassium interferes with heart function and leads to heart block and cardiac arrest.
Excessive practice can be counterproductive.
Excessive praise can create a strong dependency.
Excessive praise can feel like pressure, too.
Excessive praise sends the wrong message.
Excessive precession indicates an incorrectly operating and unreliable instrument.
Excessive precipitation produces a similar effect to that of earthquakes.
Excessive pressing can lead to bruising, which gives a false read on ripeness.
Excessive pressure can cause elastomer extrusion.
Excessive pressure can cause unnecessary abrasion and scratches in the paint.
Excessive pressure can damage or even blow up any firearm.
Excessive pressure can force the magazine past the magazine catch.
Excessive pressure can loosen trim or moldings.
Excessive pressure can wear on valves, fittings, fixtures and appliances.
Excessive pressure causes lysis of the red blood cells.
Excessive pressure causes needless wear and tear on plumbing fittings and encourages water waste.
Excessive pressure is another red flag.
Excessive pressure results in fogging, misting and even the physical bursting of system components.
Excessive pressure tends to reduce a tube's light output.
Excessive pressure traps the knife blade.
Excessive pressures can create additional stressing of the crack.
Some excessive pressure causes injuries.
Some excessive pressure results in damage.
Some excessive pressure results in kidney damage.
Excessive pride brings ruin .
Excessive pride is related to many other emotions.
Excessive productivity can result in choking by weeds and can cause odor problems.
Excessive productivity can significantly shorten the life of the lake.
Some excessive progesterone has effects.
Excessive pronation involves increased internal rotation of the tibia.
Excessive pronation is another cause of shin splints.
Excessive protein can irritate the immune system and keep it in a state of over-reactivity.
Excessive proteins can have effects.
Excessive proteins can have stimulate effects.
Most excessive proteins can have effects.
Some excessive proteins cause damage.
Some excessive proteins cause kidney damage.
Excessive punishment is described as hitting, kicking, screaming, or restrictive confinement.
Excessive punishment restricts the child's imagination and initiative.
Any excessive punishment is an abuse of power by the state.
Excessive quotations are to be avoided.
Excessive radiation can cause cancer.
Excessive radiation causes skin cancer, cataract and loss of immunity in human beings.
Excessive radiation harms fauna and flora, especially marine microorganisms.
Excessive radiation is present in the form of uranium oxide from impoverished uranium.
Excessive rain can cause increased line noise.
Excessive rain can trigger landslides or mud slides.
Excessive rain followed by high humidity and heat leads to a shallow dysfunctional root system.
Some excessive rain poses problems.
Excessive rainfall can cause crusing on the surface of soils.
Excessive rainfall causes erosion.
Most excessive rainfall causes erosion.
Some excessive rainfall contributes to products.
Excessive range minimizes differences in the data and wastes space.
Excessive rates are toxic to grass plants.
Excessive rates increase cost with little increase in control.
Excessive reaches are consistent with the development of shoulder irritation and low back problems.
Excessive references make a publication difficult to use.
Excessive refraction can cause distortion of the image.
Excessive regulation causes profit-seeking firms to break the law.
Excessive regulation destroys jobs.
Excessive regulation is simply bad policy.
Excessive regulation threatens the industry and injures both consumers and businesses.
Excessive regulations create perverse incentives.
Excessive regulations stifle productivity by eliminating creativity and innovation.
Excessive requirements keep the sector closed to competition and open to complications.
Excessive residue can clog implements or otherwise hamper tillage and planting operations.
Excessive resin flows from infected twigs and branches.
Excessive resources remain at year's end.
Excessive rest is harmful to the joints, muscles, bones and overall fitness.
Excessive rest leads to deconditioning and feelings of weakness and faintness on standing.
Excessive rest leads to stasis, exactly as the dynamists detail.
Excessive reversals are also a common sign of vision perception disorder.
Excessive rigidity can indicate formality or tension.
Excessive ritual is useless and distracts one from the goals that are really important.
Excessive roots become a liability when they have displaced most of the soil in a container.
Excessive rumination can also be very bothersome.
Excessive runoff overloads storm drainage systems and causes increased flooding.
Excessive salivation is a common reaction of cats after receiving the pill.
Excessive salivation is a universal sign of nervousness.
Excessive salivation occurs, along with possible speech arrest.
Excessive salt can cause stomach distress, fatigue, and other problems.
Excessive salt can make high blood pressure worse.
Excessive salt causes the body to retain water and adds extra work for the heart.
Excessive salt is perfect for non-fresh fish at the old days.
Excessive salts can adversly alter the permeability of soils.
Excessive salts can damage roots and lead to root rot diseases.
Excessive scratching can lead to further skin irritation and infection.
Excessive scratching can lead to secondary infections and further complications.
Excessive secrecy concentrates power in too few hands.
Some excessive secretion results in damage.
Some excessive secretion results in physiological damage.
Some excessive secretion results in severe damage.
Some excessive secretion results in severe physiological damage.
Excessive sedation appears to be the main effect of an overdose of mirtazapine.
Excessive sedation associated with zopiclone is likely to impair motor function.
Excessive sedation can be a problem.
Excessive sediment can cover up spawning habitats and reduce water quality.
Some excessive sediments kill fish.
Excessive sedimentation can alter food sources of wetland mammal communities.
Excessive sedimentation is a problem and stems mostly from landslides.
Excessive sentimentality mars the film in many ways.
Excessive serotonin is likely to produce hypersomnia , excessive sleep.
Excessive severity can leads to nervous state of the dog, and it can be frighten.
Excessive shame is a prison.
Any excessive skin is marked out in an elliptical fashion.
Excessive sleep is detrimental to the physical health as well.
Excessive sleep is diagnosed as a significant indicator of retardation.
Excessive sleepiness can have serious consequences.
Excessive sleepiness has a negative effect on students.
Excessive sleepiness is the number one complaint, which brings our patients to the Lab.
Excessive sleepiness is usually the first symptom of narcolepsy.
Excessive sludge build up in the septic tank.
Excessive smoke is illegal at all times.
Some excessive smokers use from four to eight dollars' worth a week.
Excessive smoking causes a breathing problem, chest pain and lead to bronchitis.
Excessive smoking restricts blood flow.
Excessive solder looks unsightly and can hide bad joints.
Excessive sorrow dissipates the qi.
Excessive speculation is but one of the components creating the danger of a sever economic crisis.
Excessive speculation is to be avoided.
Excessive speech is a sign of mental disturbance.
Excessive speed appears to be a contributing factor in the accident.
Excessive speed can contribute to a rollover and increase the severity of a rollover crash.
Excessive speed can decrease plating efficiency.
Excessive speed can lead to accidents.
Excessive speed causes more accidents than any other factor.
Excessive speed creates heat buildup in a tire, leading to possible tire failure.
Excessive speed is a factor in many accidents.
Excessive speed is dangerous.
Excessive speed is out of place on the trails.
Excessive speed is penalized.
Excessive speed is probably the greatest cause of chatter.
Excessive speed is reported to be an important contributory factor in many crashes.
Excessive speed is the major cause of damage to ships by ice.
Excessive speed is the number one cause of fatal crashes involving teen drivers.
Excessive speed leads to cliff edges and telephone poles.
Excessive speed loosens the gravel and creates dust and potholes.
Excessive Speed Play an explosive top down racer.
Excessive spending is very common before, during and after a separation.
Excessive spending reveals the absence of good leadership.
Excessive spill generates currents that confuse the adults searching for the fish ladders.
Excessive spills can cause smoke and offensive fumes.
Excessive spillage is grounds for disqualification for the remainder of the day.
Excessive steam can be a sign that coolant is leaking.
Excessive steam can contaminate the lab experiment.
Excessive steam comes out from under the lid.
Excessive storage can delay and reduce yields.
Excessive storage can obstruct air flow and cause areas of low air velocity at the face opening.
Excessive strain can cause bone pain and tendon inflammation.
Excessive stress adds to excessive adrenaline production.
Excessive stress can adversely effect students' academic performance, health and behaviors.
Excessive stress can be destructive.
Excessive stress can cause decreased productivity, decreased profits and decreased health.
Excessive stress causes important physical and psychological consequences.
Excessive stress is a major contributor to disease and general ill health.
Excessive stress is linked to problems like high blood pressure and heart disease.
Excessive stress produced by poor posture causes damage to the tissue in the lumber spine.
Excessive strontium can cause bone cancer.
Excessive suction causes cavitation.
Excessive sugar can contribute to hypoglycemia, a lowering of blood sugar.
Excessive sugar plays havoc with our insulin metabolism and leads to fatigue and fat storage.
Excessive sun can also lead to premature aging and skin cancer.
Excessive sunlight causes reaction.
Excessive sunlight causes skin reaction.
Most excessive sunlight causes reaction.
Most excessive sunlight causes skin reaction.
Excessive supination can also lead to pain in the knees, hips and lower back.
Excessive supination can strain ligaments, tendons and bones.
Excessive talk brings misfortune.
Excessive tardies can lead to a long-term suspension.
Excessive tardies count as absences.
Excessive tardies take time away from instructional time in the classroom.
Excessive tardiness is a disruption to the class in progress.
Excessive tardiness is cause for dismissal.
Excessive tardiness is subject to discipline.
Excessive taxation is a relatively new phenomenon.
Excessive taxation is another major issue.
Excessive taxation is levied to maintain the ineffectual top heavy bureaucratic system.
Excessive taxes are a drain on our economy.
Excessive television has an adverse effect upon a child's thinking, learning, and reading habits.
Excessive television watching, however, plays a major role in obesity in children.
Excessive temperature can be injurious to engine life.
Excessive temperature is the most common cause of sensor failure.
Excessive temperatures can distort or melt some materials.
Excessive tension can eventually lead to tremors of muscles.
Excessive tension prevents relaxed movement.
Excessive testing has the possibility to do harm, causing parents to worry unnecessarily.
Excessive testing is unwarranted and places an unreasonable financial burden on the farm.
Excessive testosterone can cause acne, body hair growth and scalp hair loss.
Excessive thatch creates an excellent environment for diseases as well as for insects.
Excessive thatch is undesirable because it prevents water and air from penetrating to grass roots.
Excessive thirst can be an important clue in detecting diabetes .
Excessive thought leads to utter confusion.
Excessive tillage can break down soil structure, leading to compaction.
Excessive tillage reduces organic material in soil and depletes soil stability and structure.
Excessive tiller die back at heading.
Excessive training can cause muscles to get too big for their compartments.
Excessive training is reported to cause sleep disturbances and mood changes.
Excessive trash can cause uneven germination and weed problems.
Excessive trash is considered to be trash which exceeds one forty yard open bin container per hall.
Excessive tread wear impacts stopping, steering, and acceleration.
Excessive treatment is reported for a single visit date.
Excessive treatment produces an over-gelatinized product that depresses feed consumption and gains.
Some excessive turbidities lead to death.
Excessive turnover is very costly to any business.
Excessive urination can drain minerals from the body, which in turn can cause a mineral deficiency.
Excessive urination can flush out electrolytes, minerals, etc.
Excessive urination can result in dehydration, leading to dry skin.
Excessive urination is also a warning signal.
Excessive use can cause a drop in yield of the crop.
Excessive use can destroy the dynamics of a piece.
Excessive use can lead to kidney problems.
Excessive use can lead to stomach distress, and prolonged use can produce chronic poisoning.
Excessive use can really tick members off.
Excessive use can result in psychological and physical dependence.
Excessive use cause psychological addictions.
Excessive use causes chain wear.
Excessive use is possible but has thus far been a rare problem.
Excessive use leads to kidney problems.
Excessive use leads to problems.
Excessive use makes the amount increase as the buzz becomes harder and harder to obtain.
Most excessive use leads to kidney problems.
Most excessive use leads to problems.
Some excessive use has effects.
Some excessive use has immediate effects.
Excessive vegetation is also a problem.
Excessive verbosity is almost as bad as lack of any comment at all.
Excessive vibration can bang the carbon against a metal drive lug.
Excessive vibration can be unpleasant, painful, and even hazardous.
Excessive vibration can cause excessive wear on surrounding systems.
Excessive vibration can cause fasteners to loosen and risk parts falling off.
Excessive vigor is an important component of orchard risk for fire blight.
Excessive violence is common in entertainment programming.
Excessive violence seems to stem from a lack of creativity.
Excessive viscosity can even damage engines.
Excessive vitamin doses, however, are at the very least wasteful, and quite often harmful.
Excessive voltage can and does damage the computer.
Excessive Vomiting can a. lead to kidney stones, kidney failure and ulcers.
Excessive washing can irritate already inflamed skin.
Excessive water can damage the floor.
Excessive water can result in poor growth and root disease.
Excessive water can weaken clasps, cause loosen of gemstones and waterspots.
Excessive water is eliminated by pressing.
Excessive water is harmful.
Excessive water is removed from the stool and it becomes hard.
Excessive water keeps the soil in the drain field from naturally cleansing the wastewater.
Excessive water keeps the soil in the drainfield from properly treating the wastewater.
Some excessive water causes results.
Excessive wattage creates unnecessarily high illumination.
Excessive wax build up.
Excessive wax reduces gloss, increases drying time.
Excessive weakness is just as grave a vice in public institutions as excessive strength.
Excessive wear is acceptable.
Excessive weight aggravates apnea and snoring.
Excessive weight can be a contributing factor.
Excessive weight can be a contributory factor.
Excessive weight can put undue stress on such joints as the knees over time.
Excessive weight can put undue stress on such weight-bearing joints as the knees over time.
Excessive weight harms gas mileage.
Excessive weight is an important factor in all three disorders.
Excessive weight is bad for our health anyway.
Excessive weight reduces gage life.
Excessive winds are an obvious cause of drift problems.
Excessive worry is a primary diagnostic feature of generalized anxiety disorder .
Excessive zinc decreases copper and iron absorption.
Exchange bias is useful in controlling the magnetization in heads used in magnetic disk storage.
Exchange control exists.
Exchange control is a most important consideration.
Exchange controls affect large transactions.
Exchange controls are still a big issue.
Exchange controls are strict.
Exchange controls can stop the offshore trading of certain derivatives.
Exchange fee is paid upon the closing of the first property involved in the exchange.
Exchange fees apply.
Exchange fees are extra.
Exchange fees are monthly charges levied by each exchange for access to real-time data.
Exchange fees vary.
Exchange forces are an important concept in the understanding of nuclear forces.
Exchange of contracts can now take place.
Exchange of contracts can then take place.
Exchange of contracts commits the parties to the sale at an agreed price, on a specified date.
Exchange of contracts takes place once all parties have signed and are ready.
Exchange of ideas is a necessity for development.
Exchange of ideas is one of the most valuable benefits cited by ourmembers.
Exchange of information adds to the link of knowledge.
Exchange of information can focus on educational, cultural, sporting activities.
Exchange of information is a major goal of our educational effort.
Exchange of information is complete, informal and honest.
Exchange of information is completely confidential.
Exchange of information is key.
Exchange of information is on a voluntary basis.
Exchange of information produces results.
Exchanges of information are one goal, resulting in rapid increases in technology.
Exchange offer means a tender offer in which securities are issued as consideration.
All exchange places charge a commission.
Exchange program crosses cultural divides.
Exchange program ends after a one-time only exchange into adult size skis.
Exchange programs allow time share owners to exchange interests at different resort locations.
Exchange programs are a critical element of public diplomacy.
Exchange programs are a wonderful way to do that.
Exchange programs are an essential research, teaching, and learning experience.
Exchange programs are an excellent way to study abroad for an extended period of time.
Exchange programs are at the heart of the cultural section's work.
Exchange programs are available in most disciplines at both the undergraduate and graduate level.
Exchange programs are available with several universities in foreign countries.
Exchange programs are nice.
Exchange programs are one solution.
Exchange programs are one way to strengthen fledgling foundations.
Exchange programs are possible in both exercise science and foods and nutrition.
Exchange programs encourage study in Germany.
Exchange programs exist with approximately twenty organizations.
Exchange programs involving homestays are rare in Egypt.
Exchange programs provide extraordinary opportunities for sharing knowledge and democratic values.
Exchange programs vary widely, in objectives, in approach, in location, and in length.
All exchange programs are interdisciplinary in design.
Many exchange programs require participants to remain abroad for a full academic year.
Most exchange programs don t view the participating web pages to check quality.
Some exchange programs are available with other universities, both nationally and internationally.
Exchange rate fluctuates daily.
Exchange rate is a subject of agreement between buyers and sellers.
Exchange rate is calculated at time of transfer.
Exchange rate is expressed as foreign currency per one U.S. dollar.
Exchange rate is expressed as local currency per foreign currency.
Exchange rate is the same at the airport as at all major banking facilities.
Exchange rate makes Canadian runs worth more.
Exchange rate varies from place to place and according to the time.
Exchange rates are a rip-off there.
Exchange rates are best at local banks.
Exchange rates are exogenous.
Exchange rates are key to Canada's cost advantage.
Exchange rates are liable to change significantly and rapidly.
Exchange rates are located in newspapers.
Exchange rates are market rates.
Exchange rates are median daily values based on monitored interbank market exchange rates.
Exchange rates are often very favorable.
Exchange rates are one of the main factors considered by companies contemplating inward investment.
Exchange rates are rates.
Exchange rates are subject to change .
Exchange rates are subject to change at anytime.
Exchange rates are subject to change.
Exchange rates are subject to fluctuation.
Exchange rates are very competitive.
Exchange rates are very good.
Exchange rates can be major determinants of fair or unfair trade.
Exchange rates can collapse, as can stockmarkets and property prices.
Exchange rates can differ significantly during the year.
Exchange rates can fluctuate from one bank to another.
Exchange rates can flucuate daily.
Exchange rates can vary depending on the business performing the transaction.
Exchange rates change daily and can be checked in the press.
Exchange rates change daily and the U.S. rates quoted are subject to currency fluctuations.
Exchange rates change.
Exchange rates deal with the value of one currency in terms of another.
Exchange rates do fluctuate slightly from week to week.
Exchange rates do have some impact on trade performance.
Exchange rates do vary, so use Canadian money in Canada to avoid exchange problems.
Exchange rates favor the U.S. dollar like never before.
Exchange rates favour visitors with Australian and American dollars.
Exchange Rates Find the exchange rates of currency around the globe.
Exchange rates fluctuate continuously.
Exchange rates fluctuate everyday, though fluctuation is tiny.
Exchange rates fluctuate frequently.
Exchange rates fluctuate with market conditions.
Exchange rates fluctuate, and stories date.
Exchange rates fluctuate.
Exchange rates ignore social and external effects and therefore diverge from true social costs.
Exchange rates represent mid-market interbank dealing rates.
Exchange rates seem at times easy to forecast, and then maddeningly volatile.
Exchange rates show little variation between different banks and money changers.
Exchange rates vary a little from bank to bank.
Exchange rates vary according to international monetary conditions.
Exchange rates vary daily from country to country.
Exchange rates vary daily, depending on the supply of and demand for various currencies.
Exchange rates vary daily.
Exchange rates vary from bank to bank both in the U.S. and Spain.
Exchange rates vary from bank to bank in the U.S. and France.
Exchange rates vary from day to day.
Exchange rates vary from one outlet to another.
Exchange rates vary.
Exchange ratios assume that current stocking rates are proper.
Exchange ratios say nothing about the number of cow-calf pairs vs. steers to maximize net return.
Exchange rules specify what's appropriate attire on the trading floor.
Exchange server is one option but is extremely expensive.
Exchange students add an international dimension to host families, schools, and communities.
Exchange students apply for an exchange position through their home institution.
Exchange students are eligible for Canada and Saskatchewan student loans.
Exchange students are eligible for the competition.
Exchange students are free to choose among the university many classes.
Exchange students are free to choose among the university's many classes.
Exchange students are frequently able to pick up a few teaching hours.
Exchange students are here for a high school and cultural experience.
Exchange students are here for a high school experience.
Exchange students are responsible for their own transportation.
Exchange students arrive in late-September.
Exchange students can also choose to live in university-leased apartments in the local area.
Exchange students can be huge stoners.
Exchange students can choose any subjects they want from any degree offered.
Exchange students can choose from two styles of on-campus housing .
Exchange students can live off campus if they choose.
Exchange students can take a variety of classes in English if desired.
Exchange students can take exams for the subjects of specific lectures upon request.
Exchange students choose from a variety of accommodation options.
Exchange students come from Europe, Scandinavia, Asia and Australia.
Exchange students have access to computer facilities, including e-mail and the world wide web.
Exchange students have access to computer facilities, including email, on all campuses.
Exchange students have good English skills and motivation.
Exchange students have the opportunity to take courses outside of their field of study as well.
Exchange students have the option of writing the thesis in English or German.
Exchange students have their own bulletin board.
Exchange students live in homes or youth hostels.
Exchange students live in private homes or dorms.
Exchange students live in the international student dormitory.
Exchange students participate in an intensive language course within the year before travel.
Exchange students receive a scholarship within their specific exchange programme.
Exchange students receive funding through their exchange programmes or their own institutions.
Exchange students receive preference in admission.
Exchange students register for courses the week before instruction begins.
Exchange students spend one or two semesters in each other's countries.
Exchange students study Japanese language, literature and history.
Exchange students study language and culture.
Exchange students take courses in the fourth year.
Most exchange students choose to live on campus.
Most exchange students choose to live on-campus.
Most exchange students end up living on campus.
Most exchange students get into the classes they want to register for without any problem.
Most exchange students live in a residence just a short walk away from the school.
Most exchange students live in apartments near campus.
Most exchange students live in apartments.
Some exchange students arrive in small towns.
Some exchange students arrive in towns.
Some exchange students prefer to live in a house in the city owned and let by a private landlord.
Exchange theory emphasizes trade-offs that elderly make to gain status in our society.
An exchange transfusion is a blood transfusion
Exchange transfusion is most feasible for a small infant.
Exchange transfusion is the treatment of choice for patients with severe hemolysis.
Exchange transfusion removes bilirubin, removes hemolytic antibody, and corrects anaemia.
Exchange transfusions are transfusions.
Exchange value suggests the social.
An exchange is a natural phenomenon
Exchange accounts for well over half of the library acquisitions, dominated by journals and serials.
Exchange adds scheduling and integrates it with the email function.
Exchange attaches their ad.
Exchange builds on existing strengths and resources in the health communication sector.
Exchange can act on many message types.
Exchange can be a monster to run and maintain.
Exchange can be simultaneous or at another mutually agreeable time.
Exchange can handle faxes, e-mail of many types, pager messages, telex messages, and voice mail.
Exchange can occur, but communication generally one-sided.
Exchange can take place a lot earlier removing the opportunity for gazumping.
Exchange classes quietly and orderly.
Exchange combines many features into one package.
Exchange comes pre-configured with the major countries currency rates.
Exchange contains collaboration tools to make it competitive software.
Exchange contains native XML support that's hard to find in any other product.
Exchange controls Many countries enforce various types.
Exchange controls otherwise exist on monetary transactions with other states.
Exchange covers worldwide for covers sent from Norway.
Exchange creates another log file.
Exchange disks again.
Exchange does many things very well.
Exchange does support a personal address book and what are called server based rules.
Exchange easily accommodates thousands of users on a single server with sub-second response time.
Exchange employs a couple of technologies to conserve space.
Exchange enable participants to experience new settings and environments.
Exchange generally moves a good from a person who values it more to a person who values it less.
Exchange gives value to the self because it gives to the other only in order to give to the self.
Exchange goes in both directions.
Exchange handles communications through profiles , which are basically collections of services .
Exchange has strong messaging and file-sharing capabilities.
Exchange Hold the parachute in overhand grip,and inflate the parachute.
Exchange includes built-in public key encryption technology for protecting the contents of messages.
Exchange includes long-term stewardship responsibilities.
Exchange involves negative as well as positive, vengeance as well as doing people favours.
Exchange is a database-driven transaction intensive application.
Exchange is a facilitating body, rather than a funding organisation.
Exchange is a free service designed to help web sites trade advertising with each other.
Exchange is a mode of cooperation that society uses to support itself and the individuals within it.
Exchange is a service that is provided at no additional cost.
Exchange is a service that is provided at no additional costs.
Exchange is absolutely free both for foreign nationals and locals.
Exchange is already widely used on campus.
Exchange is also the only server that supports extra properties on documents.
Exchange is an extremely powerful, capable, flexible, and extensible messaging program.
Exchange is another E-mail application for employees.
Exchange is approx.
Exchange is available at the airports and at many banks.
Exchange is available from tropical America, and is wanted from tropical America.
Exchange is available in two versions.
Exchange is available only on merchandise damaged in shipment.
Exchange is basically e-mail.
Exchange is bigger, better, and a heckuvalot more contemporary.
Exchange is creation.
Exchange is dirsync server.
Exchange is done on a non-commercial basis.
Exchange is ego oriented because the purpose of the transaction is the well being of the 'giver'.
Exchange is ego oriented while gift giving is other oriented.
Exchange is far more than a magazine it is a management resource.
Exchange is fundamental.
Exchange is good for workgroups or small business but can become complex for larger companies.
Exchange is granted in the appropriate currency to pay for authorised imports.
Exchange is handled up to midday so go early to avoid the late morning pandemonium.
Exchange is how communities climb the ladder of culture.
Exchange is limited to four to five students per year.
Exchange is modeled as a sequence of bilateral, random matches.
Exchange is more difficult in some places than others.
Exchange is motivated by risk sharing given random unobservable incomes.
Exchange is no longer active.
Exchange is nominal.
Exchange is one of the most powerful yet underutilized groupware products on the market.
Exchange is our messaging and collaboration platform connecting people with knowledge.
Exchange is possible in specific parts of the study.
Exchange is possible.
Exchange is published on-line twice a year.
Exchange is simple, rapid, and maintains complete integrity of the sealed space.
Exchange is the best way to share.
Exchange is the default mail tool at our site now.
Exchange is the defining concept underlying marketing.
Exchange is the heart of corporate messaging and collaboration system.
Exchange is the Neoclassical forest, the rest of Neoclassical economics is but trees.
Exchange is the place to go to find out about a variety of stuff.
Exchange is the prime basis of our economic life.
Exchange is the process of life and the process for development of potential.
Exchange is the server application.
Exchange is the server back-end software that maximizes the functionality of Outlook.
Exchange is the software that runs on the server where the messages are stored.
Exchange is the U.S. exchange that the security trades.
Exchange is top dog.
Exchange is trading goods and services with people for other goods and services or for money.
Exchange is very good about doing special orders of items needed.
Exchange is very powerful and potent mail program.
Exchange is voluntary.
Exchange is where Web publishing starts to become fun.
Exchange isa phenomenon.
Exchange issues monthly newsletters and periodic communications to members.
Exchange keys with a partner.
Exchange keys with another group.
Exchange lists with a partner.
Exchange lists with others in the class for discussion.
Exchange logs today in class.
Exchange massages to reduce any lingering stress for the day.
Exchange massages with a partner tonight.
Exchange means a platform where a transaction is conducted between buyers and sellers.
Exchange means just that, a banner exchange.
Exchange means to give away and to receive.
Exchange needs careful consideration.
Exchange needs to take place within seven working days with receipt only.
Exchange notes on teaching and research issues of local and global interest.
Exchange notes regularly if it proves beneficial.
Exchange now offers visual design tools, conferencing services and a portal design environment.
Exchange occurs across China's distinct ethnic communities.
Exchange offers of shares in public markets.
Exchange pens with a partner who has a different colored ink and repeat the process.
Exchange pictures early on.
Exchange points for free tickets on any airline, no blackout dates or seating restrictions.
Exchange provides a complete suite of Internet connectivity standards to support any e-mail client.
Exchange provides an exchange for the electronic components industry.
Exchange provides e-mail and other services such as being able to setup meetings electronically.
Exchange Publishes English writings of non-native English speakers from around the world.
Exchange rates Central bank rates for current and past dates.
Exchange reduces value since it consumes resources without adding to the physical supply of goods.
Exchange reports with other schools.
Exchange sends, receives and stores messages in the form of electronic mail.
Exchange supports both protocols.
Exchange supports public folders.
Exchange views on how each other thinks and feels about a whole range of things.
Exchange vows beneath a garlanded gazebo or within the warmth and charm of our Victorian mansion.
Exchange vows in front of a cozy fireplace or in a woodland garden gazebo.
Exchange vows in front of the stone fireplace with soft harp music enhancing the mood.
Exchange vows on a carpet of white before a curtain of lace and enormous urns of fresh flowers.
Exchange vows under the towering redwoods, with the trickle of a stream in the background.
Exchanges Allows multiple buyers and sellers to transact for goods and services simultaneously.
Exchanges are a benefit of being a subscriber.
Exchanges are all about commerce.
Exchanges are also available.
Exchanges are another type of Agora.
Exchanges are available for one semester.
Exchanges are available in almost any major, including technical fields.
Exchanges are available in the dispensaries.
Exchanges are available to series subscribers only, on or before the day of performance.
Exchanges are available with leading business schools in Belgium and Spain.
Exchanges are banner for banner, or text for text.
Exchanges are better than estrangement and cooperation better than confrontation.
Exchanges are better than estrangement, and cooperation better than confrontation.
Exchanges are captures.
Exchanges are commerce.
Exchanges are complicated.
Exchanges are conversations.
Exchanges are exempt in most cases.
Exchanges are exempt.
Exchanges are for selections of equal or lesser value only.
Exchanges are free .
Exchanges are free of charge, but subject to minimum initial and subsequent investment rules.
Exchanges are from three to six months.
Exchanges are full of numbers to make things more interesting.
Exchanges are group actions.
Exchanges are hot too.
Exchanges are in place with several state surveys and institutions.
Exchanges are invitations to trade beneficial actions or goods.
Exchanges are like other moves, they make a difference.
Exchanges are limited to another performance of the same production.
Exchanges are limited to members only.
Exchanges are limited to stock on hand.
Exchanges are materials received in trade for other institutions' publications.
Exchanges are needlessly difficult.
Exchanges are nice.
Exchanges are normally for one semester.
Exchanges are physical trading locations.
Exchanges are possible for a semester or a year.
Exchanges are possible for same amount.
Exchanges are possible for the spring semester or a year.
Exchanges are possible for the spring semester or preferably the academic year.
Exchanges are possible only in the caravanserais and oases, and never on the trails.
Exchanges are secret and can be discussed aside from the other players.
Exchanges are simple.
Exchanges are social events.
Exchanges are subject to availability.
Exchanges are subject to changes in law or other conditions without prior notice.
Exchanges are subject to re-shipping charges.
Exchanges are subject to ticket availability.
Exchanges are technical.
Exchanges are the physical locations where stocks are bought and sold.
Exchanges are the same as returning the product for store credit.
Exchanges are transactions.
Exchanges are usually for one semester or one year.
Exchanges are welcome.
Exchanges are workplaces.
Exchanges become more and more ephemeral and virtual the more computerized they are.
Exchanges become particularly advantageous as E bonds near final maturity.
Exchanges can also involve multiple properties.
Exchanges can also link up with each other.
Exchanges can be public or private.
Exchanges can be sexually oriented, so parents take note.
Exchanges can build bridges across home campuses as well as between exchange partners.
Exchanges can deteriorate into spam wars between factions on occasion.
Exchanges can inspire and motivate.
Exchanges can last from a few weeks to a year and are available in all disciplines.
Exchanges can occur between any two countries in which there are Rotary clubs.
Exchanges can only be of land for land, rental for rental, etc.
Exchanges can provide the answer by reducing costs through enhanced procurements systems.
Exchanges can take place at any level, from sophomore to graduate.
Exchanges Check all exchanges on which the stock trades.
Exchanges come and go.
Exchanges come in a variety of flavors, differentiated by ownership and transactional models.
Exchanges commonly study a topic within an agreed upon time.
Exchanges Consider the exciting and profitable possibilities of investing in Key West real estate.
Exchanges do incur a reshipping charge.
Exchanges document index information for print and fax requests via the application database.
Exchanges enforce the contract model, which allows different pricing models for different reasons.
Exchanges exist to serve their members and their members are banks and most banks are dinosaurs.
Exchanges Find information on securities exchanges and their listed companies from around the world.
Exchanges Have a look at our page for clergy and organists looking for holiday or sabbatical swaps.
Exchanges have a nerve centre where all trades during the day are received and collated.
Exchanges have strict rules designed to assure fair dealing and competitive price determination.
Exchanges have the opportunity to invoke two distinct business models.
Exchanges indicate a special relationship between the partner institutions.
Exchanges involve removals.
Exchanges make it easier for buyers to compare prices and win discounts from suppliers.
Exchanges occur across cell membranes.
Exchanges occur across membranes.
Exchanges occur across permeable membranes.
Exchanges occur between the contact listed and the inquiring party.
Exchanges occur in blood vessels.
Exchanges occur in regions.
Exchanges occur in roots.
Exchanges occur in tiny blood vessels.
Exchanges occur in tiny vessels.
Exchanges occur in vessels.
Exchanges offer a range of services to buyers.
Exchanges offer students the opportunity to study abroad for one semester or a full year.
Exchanges offer students the opportunity to study overseas for one semester or a full year.
Exchanges offering online settlement packages can include letters of credit for next to nothing.
Exchanges owned by independent third parties do offer some advantages.
Exchanges promote diversity as well, and can be the only way of preserving certain plant varieties.
Exchanges provide some very positive and major opportunities for students and faculty.
Exchanges provide students in Louisville a window on the world.
Exchanges Provides access and information regarding stock exchanges in Latin America.
Exchanges reduce tension and promote the formation of social bonds.
Exchanges regarding intercultural aspects of language learning take place in our trainer workshops.
Exchanges relying on direct clearing system chiefly serve as mediators in trade disputes.
Exchanges represent activity relationships where resources are traded with an outside party.
Exchanges require a variety of negotiation methods, to accommodate different business needs.
Exchanges require large investments in infrastructure to keep pace.
Exchanges require that such orders be executed before identical on-floor orders .
Exchanges require two parties who want each other's properties.
Exchanges result in performance.
Exchanges reward and recognition for accomplishments.
Exchanges Select low fat, high carbohydrate snacks before, during and after exercise.
Exchanges Select low fat, high carbohydrates before, during and after exercise.
Exchanges take place during festivals or celebrations representing the host group's culture.
Exchanges take place for periods of between three and nine months.
Exchanges take place regularly between professional, trade, education, music and cultural groups.
Exchanges take place through e-mail, telephone and fax.
Exchanges tend to be informal and congenial.
Exchanges typically monopolize trade in a particular financial contract.
Exchanges Use blue streamer.
Exchanges work hard to be the place military members and their families want to shop.
Exchanges usually last at least five days, excluding travel time.
All exchange is voluntary.
All exchanges are digital.
All exchanges are on a best available seating basis.
All exchanges are on a ticket availability basis.
All exchanges are optional and competitive.
All exchanges are subject to availability.
All exchanges are subject to repairability.
All exchanges are subject to ticket availability.
All exchanges are to be posted to the list.
All exchanges have one party service.
All exchanges impose trading and disclosure requirements.
All exchanges levy a transaction fee, which is a percentage of the value of the trade.
All exchanges take place at the team's bike rack, transferring timing chip to next athlete.
Every exchange has a clearinghouse that transfers funds daily from losers to winners.
Every exchange has a clearinghouse that transfers funds from losers to winners on a daily basis.
Every exchange is low.
Many exchanges are free, but some do have fees to register.
Many exchanges charge a commission and it is possible to lose money in the transaction.
Many exchanges have links for listed companies.
Many exchanges offer weekend Internet classes, and some have added weekday classes.
Many exchanges operate under a principle of reciprocity.
Many exchanges provide for targeted placement as well as run of all sites.
More exchange is needed between injury prevention specialists and gerontologists.
Most exchange traded funds grow incrementally as demand grows.
Most exchanges are for a minimum period of three months.
Most exchanges are modern digital switches.
Most exchanges are of the 'How-To' variety.
Most exchanges are text-only.
Most exchanges end with the fighters holding each other.
Most exchanges have housing arrangements in place for students.
Most exchanges involve removals.
Most exchanges limit the number of members that can offer a service.
Most exchanges occur across cell membranes.
Most exchanges occur across membranes.
Most exchanges occur across permeable membranes.
Most exchanges occur for an academic year.
Most exchanges occur in blood vessels.
Most exchanges occur in regions.
Most exchanges occur in roots.
Most exchanges occur in tiny blood vessels.
Most exchanges occur in tiny vessels.
Most exchanges occur in vessels.
Most exchanges result in performance.
Most exchanges still assert proprietary rights over delayed data.
Most exchanges take place during the second semester of the second year.
Most exchanges use a credit-debit system to keep track of both sides of a trade.
Some exchange occurs, but communication generally one-sided.
Some exchanges also list families who have completed home studies and are waiting to adopt.
Some exchanges also list in-country providers of analytical information for listed companies.
Some exchanges also require language proficiency.
Some exchanges are duds, and some seem to go from one beautiful starburst to an even loftier one.
Some exchanges are worse than others, resulting in lower speeds.
Some exchanges charge additional fees for usage.
Some exchanges cover a lot more people than others.
Some exchanges create patterns.
Some exchanges create problems.
Some exchanges create thorny problems.
Some exchanges do something a little differently from the norm.
Some exchanges have effects.
Some exchanges have profound effects.
Some exchanges have their own specific measurement requirements.
Some exchanges increase diversity.
Some exchanges increase fitnesses.
Some exchanges increase genetic diversity.
Some exchanges know as transpiration.
Some exchanges make the information available as an on-line database.
Some exchanges occur across body surfaces.
Some exchanges occur across entire body surfaces.
Some exchanges occur across entire surfaces.
Some exchanges occur across external body surfaces.
Some exchanges occur across external surfaces.
Some exchanges occur across surfaces.
Some exchanges occur across walls.
Some exchanges occur at capillaries.
Some exchanges occur at cellular levels.
Some exchanges occur at levels.
Some exchanges occur during respiration.
Some exchanges occur in alveoluses.
Some exchanges occur in gills.
Some exchanges occur in lung alveoluses.
Some exchanges occur in lungs.
Some exchanges offer tuition scholarships.
Some exchanges promote conservation.
Some exchanges promote exchanges.
Some exchanges provide only general information, but no access to daily settlement prices.
Some exchanges require buyers to download client software to their desktop.
Some exchanges require participants to have a minimum level of English language ability.
Some exchanges take places.
Some exchanges use pits rather than rings.
Exchangeable aluminum drops after the burn .
An exchanger is a person
Exchangers typically run cold incoming air alongside ducts containing warmer exhaust air.
Most exchangers consist of a stack of ribbed plates.
Most exchangers look after their exchange homes better than their own.
Exchanges rates apply as at the time of purchase.
Exchanges rates can change for many different reasons, for example the inflation rate of a country.
Exchanges rates change everyday.
Excisable goods used to produce non-excisable goods are also subject to excise tax.
Excise department issues a letter to the security printer to release the stamps.
Excise duty is a levy paid by the manufacturer on items manufactured within the country.
Excise duty is an important source of revenue for the state budget in the capitalist countries.
Excise duty is charged on cigarettes, tobacco and liquor.
Excise duty is levied on the sale price of the goods at the place of clearance.
Excise duty is now twice as much as it used to be.
Excise duty is paid on similar items that are domestically produced.
Excise duty is paid on the basis of normal price even if free samples are given.
Excise duty is payable on manufactured products.
An excise tax is a tax
Excise tax is a municipal tax.
Excise tax is calculated monthly.
Excise tax is collected annually when the customer's registration expires.
Excise tax is collected when issuing the new title.
Excise tax is computed on a federal excise tax form.
Excise tax is levied on top of the customs tariff.
Excise tax is levied only on locally produced petroleum products, tobacco and alcoholic beverages.
Excise tax is levied only on petroleum products, tobacco and alcoholic beverages.
Excise taxes are arbitrary .
Excise taxes are specific taxes on particular commodities such as gasoline, alcohol or cigarettes.
Excise taxes discourage production of the good being taxed.
Excise taxes have a long history.
Excise taxes lead to economic loss for higher tax states for three key reasons.
An excise is a tax
Excise is a new thing in America, and few country farmers and planters know the meaning of it.
Excises are on privileged revenue taxable activities.
Excises are taxs.
Excises have considerable appeal.
Excision repair invades the territory of mismatch repair.
Excision repair is shown here .
Excision Cutting the lesion out, or taking a biopsy, allows microscopic analysis.
Excision includes the removal of the clitoris and the cutting of the labia minora.
Excision is a type of circumcision practiced on girls.
Excision is also an option for the various neoplasms causing pseudopuberty in males.
Excision is always the most suitable for diagnosis and especially for prognosis.
Excision is an option after decreased activity is evident on bone scan.
Excision is curative.
Excision is redaction
Excision is the only effective treatment.
Excision is the removal of the clitoris itself.
Excision is the treatment of choice when a mass or breast asymmetry is present.
Excision is the treatment of choice.
Excision is unknown in the Gulf states, except for Oman.
Excision is used in all types of skin cancers.
Excision is used to cut away loose or drooping skin.
Excision leaves a visible scar.
Excision means removal.
Excision means to cut around and remove.
Excision means to remove or cut out.
Excision offers several advantages.
Excisions heaviest where author drew on recollections of others.
Excision sometimes picks up a piece of the bacterial chromosome and moves it to a new place.
Excisional biopsies are best limited to the diagnosis of small superficial lesions of soft tissues.
Excisional biopsies remove the entire lump from the breast.
Excisional biopsy followed by histopathological examination is frequently the appropriate procedure.
Excisional biopsy is preferred.
Excisional biopsy is surgery to remove an entire lump and a margin of normal tissue surrounding it.
Excisional biopsy is the method usually preferred when melanoma is suspected.
Excisional biopsy is the treatment of choice.
Excisional biopsy is therefore advisable in many cases.
Excisonal biopsies are performed on subcutaneous cysticercosis.
Every excisting situation is explained in history.
Excitable animals are more aware of their surroundings than calm, placid animals.
Excitable media appear in several different situations.
Excitation filters are bandpass designs.
Excitation spectrum is also determined within the same formalism in a unified way.
Excitation tables are the analogy of truth tables in the sequential logic arena.
Excitation continues in reduced state.
Excitation influences neuron state, which has some inertia.
Excitation is achieved by a series of short laser pulses.
Excitation is arousal
Excitation is arousal.
Excitation is longitudinal to the optical axis of the cavity.
Excitation travels through the nerve surounded by a myelin sheath.
Excitatory neurons excite their target postsynaptic neurons or target cells causing it to function.
Excitatory signals summarize.
Excite atoms emit electromagnetic radiation.
Excite atoms emit radiation.
Most excite atoms emit electromagnetic radiation.
Most excite atoms emit radiation.
Some excite atoms emit light.
Some excite atoms emit ultraviolet light.
Some excite atoms give off green light.
Some excite atoms give off light.
Some excite atoms lose energy.
Excite concepts explain variation.
Most excite concepts explain variation.
Excite ideas help students.
Most excite ideas help students.
Excite mail is included with registration.
Excite new concepts explain variation.
Excite new ideas help students.
Excite users are able to add or remove features according to their priorities and interests.
Excited animals are more difficult to handle.
Excited atoms are fragile and easily destroyed.
Excited atoms form a mass.
Excited buyers crowd the aisles like a thundering herd of wild horses.
Excited children forget to walk the puppy, who then makes a mess on the rug.
Some excited clouds stroke the trees with their moisture.
Excited electrons are unstable.
Excited executive smiles all around again.
Excited gases tend emit narrow spectral ranges associated with their fundamental resonances.
Many excited hunters find blood while looking for their arrow that was missed.
Excited molecules have many undesired paths they can follow.
Excited parents can only help in the development of the soccer player.
Excited people begin to choke.
Excited people cause panic.
Excited pigs are more likely to have poorer quality pork.
Excited pigs stick together and are more difficult to separate.
Excited sailors leave the dock for a fun day of racing.
Excited shoppers cluster around wash tubs filled with fish struggling in the last throes of life.
Excited states are of higher energy.
Excited states are stronger acids and stronger reductants than the original ground states .
Most excited states decay very rapidly, others a little less so.
Excited students are anxious to display their efforts for the world to view.
Excited students begin to use the Internet.
Excited students strut their stuff in downtown Seattle.
Excited teens check out the recently delivered steel.
Excited tourists take pictures and get attacked by the panther.
Excited villagers crowd around the 'stadium' to cheer the participants.
Excited voices radio the information from fishing boats to shore.
Excitement abounds and self esteem is boosted when students see their own creations brought to life.
Excitement abounds as friends tell friends about their amazing experiences in the programs.
Excitement abounds as prisoners ask each other what they are requesting for their children.
Excitement abounds everywhere.
Excitement begins the process of achievement.
Excitement begins to build.
Excitement begins with the drive up.
Excitement breeds excitement.
Excitement brings new challenges.
Excitement builds as the first downhill section leading into the woods approaches.
Excitement builds as the game nears the end.
Excitement builds from a common passion.
Excitement builds when jury members are swayed from side to side as play continues.
Excitement buzzes down the narrow Kyoto street.
Excitement can also cause chest discomfort.
Excitement can also trigger diarrhoea in some children.
Excitement can be a way of avoiding underlying feelings.
Excitement causes a desire to dances.
Excitement comes also in quiet moments.
Excitement comes from being stimulated.
Excitement comes from danger and danger brings disaster.
Excitement comes from the combined sounds of clashing weapons and the traditional music.
Excitement comes from the continuing research accomplishments and external recognition of our staff.
Excitement comes from the promise of a dynamic future.
Excitement comes with something new and mysterious.
Excitement continues to build as fishing gets hotter throughout the area.
Excitement continues to contribute it s fair share of drama to our industry.
Excitement continues to fill the air.
Excitement continues to grow as the time to leave approaches.
Excitement describes baby now - excitement in discovering all about the world.
Excitement dominates scenario.
Excitement fails to follow.
Excitement fills our souls.
Excitement fills the air as students get ready for the big event of the year.
Excitement fills the air.
Excitement fills the classroom.
Excitement grows and the troops are getting restless.
Excitement grows as holes leading to an underground warren of field mice are found.
Excitement grows in the auction rooms.
Excitement intensifies symptoms.
Excitement is a fever heat in that part of the county.
Excitement is a good thing.
Excitement is a joy
Excitement is a key goal because our faith is exciting.
Excitement is a lifeblood.
Excitement is a long time coming, but when it does, debris scatters across Eden.
Excitement is a reaction.
Excitement is a reasonable reaction to such an edifying, even terrifying, experience.
Excitement is a sign of caring and building motivation.
Excitement is a very short-lived thing.
Excitement is a vital ingredient for staying engaged in life.
Excitement is a word they use again and again.
Excitement is about the joy of living.
Excitement is added by introducing the element of fire.
Excitement is also a factor.
Excitement is an aspect of the contact.
Excitement is an understatement.
Excitement is contagious, paired with instructional consistency they drive students to learn.
Excitement is contagious.
Excitement is emotion.
Excitement is generated for both faculty and students when they work together to focus on learning.
Excitement is guaranteed.
Excitement is happiness in the future.
Excitement is heightened with anticipation.
Excitement is high because whole new lines of research are now open.
Excitement is high in the Dins' den.
Excitement is high when classrooms gather to receive awards in the cafeteria.
Excitement is high, the talent is there and America is taking notice.
Excitement is high.
Excitement is important.
Excitement is in the air and the dimensions are physically and etherically overlapping.
Excitement is in the air as plans are already underway.
Excitement is in the air as the meal for the feast is placed on the table .
Excitement is in the air at our Springfield location.
Excitement is in the air, and everyone is waiting for the big day to arrive.
Excitement is in the air, and it is excitement fueled by growth.
Excitement is in the air.
Excitement is infectious, and wondrous things are possible.
Excitement is located in libraries.
Excitement is much like that of the Super Bowl football game in America.
Excitement is needed.
Excitement is only as far away as the nearest beauty-supply store.
Excitement is present on either side of the fence.
Excitement is provided by a trip to the bank.
Excitement is running high, anticipation builds and a sense of urgency is in the air.
Excitement is so satisfying and energizing because of the promise it makes.
Excitement is the best way to describe our early moments in The Gambia .
Excitement is the only good feeling in life.
Excitement is the thing.
Excitement is too tame a word.
Excitement is what the game never fails to offer.
Excitement is when the now adult kids drive up and the grandkids scramble out of the car.
Excitement isa joy.
Excitement leads to anxiety.
Excitement occurs after physical or psychological stimulation.
Excitement occurs when a person is anticipating a good event.
Excitement overtakes the room.
Excitement prepares the vagina and penis for coitus.
Excitement reduces risk by eliminating complacency.
Excitement reigns supreme in the sewing room now.
Excitement rings through the halls.
Excitement rises for a minute when what looks like the edge of circular object appears.
Excitement rises high amongst our dealers with a new line of cranes to sell in the new millennium.
Excitement runs high as bargains are knocked down to the lucky bidders.
Excitement runs high when talking with the growers and vintners of the area.
Excitement runs rampant in South Carolina, though.
Excitement sets the air in motion.
Excitement speeds up the blood flow to the heart.
Excitement spreads through the village.
Excitement spreads, if there is someone to spread it.
Excitement starts to build as word gets out about an event.
Excitement surrounds the track, even on non-race days.
Excitement tends to wane for three reasons.
Excitement turns to sweat.
Any excitement makes it worse.
Much excitement is conjured up when one talks about robots in the engineering sense.
Much Excitement Still Awaits.
Some excitement comes from automobiles.
Exciting activities happen every week all summer.
Exciting activities range from Inuit string games to constructing a teepee.
Many exciting activities are available nearby.
Many exciting activities are under way in the technology division.
Many exciting activities happen throughout the year.
Exciting additions are in the works for the future.
More exciting additions are on the horizon, as well as a few surprises.
Exciting adventure playgrounds for toddlers and older children including an aerial runway.
Many exciting amusements are available in Bali, with something new opening all time.
Exciting aromas have a fig character.
Exciting aromas show mineral-oil quality that is fully revealed on the complex, gripping palate.
More exciting attractions are only a short drive away.
Many exciting breakthroughs are on the horizon.
Exciting careers are available in both domestic and international markets.
Exciting careers are available in salons, aboard cruise ships, and platform work.
Some exciting careers involve combining biology with nonscience skills.
Some exciting careers involve combining biology with non-science skills.
Exciting challenges await every level of skier.
Many exciting challenges lie on the road ahead.
Exciting changes are in store for planet Earth.
Exciting changes are under way for the courses and related facilities.
Many exciting changes are already in consideration of next year's event.
Some exciting changes are in our business plan.
Some exciting changes are in store for class reunions .
Some exciting changes are underway.
Exciting color pops right off the screen.
Exciting data are available for virus-vector interactions.
Exciting days are ahead in a world that literally lies at our fingertips.
Exciting days are ahead.
Exciting details are inside.
Exciting developments are under way, and many more are in the works.
Many exciting developments remain, but much has already been done.
More exciting development are in the pipeline.
Some exciting developments are on the horizon.
Exciting entertainment follows.
