Most chimpanzees eat fruit vegetables.
Most chimpanzees eat fruit.
Most chimpanzees eat in the afternoon.
Most chimpanzees eat leaves.
Most chimpanzees eat meat.
Most chimpanzees eat plants.
Most chimpanzees eat something.
Most chimpanzees eat termites.
Most chimpanzees eat vegetables.
Most chimpanzees engage in behaviour.
Most chimpanzees has-part arms.
Most chimpanzees has-part bones.
Most chimpanzees has-part feet.
Most chimpanzees has-part mouths.
Most chimpanzees has-part pelves.
Most chimpanzees has-part skin.
Most chimpanzees has-part teeth.
Most chimpanzees have ability.
Most chimpanzees have cerebellums.
Most chimpanzees have cortexes.
Most chimpanzees have diets.
Most chimpanzees have fingers.
Most chimpanzees have habitats.
Most chimpanzees have ideas.
Most chimpanzees have interaction.
Most chimpanzees have omnivorous diets.
Most chimpanzees have point canine teeth.
Most chimpanzees have skin.
Most chimpanzees have social interaction.
Most chimpanzees have special ability.
Most chimpanzees have teeth.
Most chimpanzees have thumbs.
Most chimpanzees hear sound.
Most chimpanzees live in Africa, in mostly woodlands and thick rain forests.
Most chimpanzees live in Burundi.
Most chimpanzees live in different environments.
Most chimpanzees live in environments.
Most chimpanzees live in forests.
Most chimpanzees live in groups.
Most chimpanzees live in regions.
Most chimpanzees make loud noise.
Most chimpanzees make noise.
Most chimpanzees make sound.
Most chimpanzees mourn death.
Most chimpanzees occur in countries.
Most chimpanzees possess ancestors.
Most chimpanzees possess babies.
Most chimpanzees possess bodies.
Most chimpanzees possess chromosomes.
Most chimpanzees possess feet.
Most chimpanzees possess food.
Most chimpanzees possess friends.
Most chimpanzees raise chimpanzees.
Most chimpanzees reach maturity.
Most chimpanzees reach sexual maturity.
Most chimpanzees require diets.
Most chimpanzees require food.
Most chimpanzees resemble animals.
Most chimpanzees resemble homos.
Most chimpanzees roam jungle.
Most chimpanzees share ancestors.
Most chimpanzees share forests.
Most chimpanzees share habitats.
Most chimpanzees show differences.
Most chimpanzees show evidence.
Most chimpanzees show interest.
Most chimpanzees show variation.
Most chimpanzees sit in trees.
Most chimpanzees spend about seven hours a day feeding.
Most chimpanzees stand on feet.
Most chimpanzees stay with mothers.
Most chimpanzees throw food.
Most chimpanzees use hands.
Most chimpanzees use strategies.
Most chimpanzees walk on feet.
Some chimpanzees are killed by hunters.
Some chimpanzees are located on continents.
Some chimpanzees attain dominance.
Some chimpanzees avoid contact.
Some chimpanzees avoid eye contact.
Some chimpanzees carry infants.
Some chimpanzees carry viruses.
Some chimpanzees cause diseases.
Some chimpanzees chase prey.
Some chimpanzees collect leaves.
Some chimpanzees consume animal prey.
Some chimpanzees consume prey.
Some chimpanzees die in mountains.
Some chimpanzees display patterns.
Some chimpanzees eat antelopes.
Some chimpanzees eat herbs.
Some chimpanzees eat mammals.
Some chimpanzees eat meat from monkeys and pigs.
Some chimpanzees eat other mammals.
Some chimpanzees eat small antelopes.
Some chimpanzees follow mothers.
Some chimpanzees have bonobos.
Some chimpanzees have concepts.
Some chimpanzees have distribution.
Some chimpanzees have geographic distribution.
Some chimpanzees have multiple partners.
Some chimpanzees have partners.
Some chimpanzees have roles.
Some chimpanzees have small testes.
Some chimpanzees have tails.
Some chimpanzees have testes.
Some chimpanzees have trouble.
Some chimpanzees hunt birds.
Some chimpanzees hunt colobus monkeys.
Some chimpanzees hunt red colobus monkeys.
Some chimpanzees hunt red monkeys.
Some chimpanzees infect with internal parasites.
Some chimpanzees infect with parasites.
Some chimpanzees kill opponents.
Some chimpanzees kill prey.
Some chimpanzees kill primates.
Some chimpanzees live in Africa.
Some chimpanzees live in countries.
Some chimpanzees live in districts.
Some chimpanzees live in facilities.
Some chimpanzees live in laboratories.
Some chimpanzees live in locations.
Some chimpanzees live in research laboratories.
Some chimpanzees live in rivers.
Some chimpanzees live in trees.
Some chimpanzees live in woodlands.
Some chimpanzees live in zoos.
Some chimpanzees live on banks.
Some chimpanzees live on continents.
Some chimpanzees live on ground.
Some chimpanzees live on jungle.
Some chimpanzees make discoveries.
Some chimpanzees make families.
Some chimpanzees make tools.
Some chimpanzees migrate to countries.
Some chimpanzees occupy deciduous woodlands.
Some chimpanzees occupy ranges.
Some chimpanzees occupy woodlands.
Some chimpanzees patrol territory.
Some chimpanzees pose hazards.
Some chimpanzees pose threats.
Some chimpanzees possess antibodies.
Some chimpanzees possess primates.
Some chimpanzees possess sex.
Some chimpanzees prefer habitats.
Some chimpanzees receive attention.
Some chimpanzees receive basic medical treatments.
Some chimpanzees receive medical treatments.
Some chimpanzees receive treatments.
Some chimpanzees relate to apes.
Some chimpanzees remain mothers.
Some chimpanzees resemble people.
Some chimpanzees respond to death.
Some chimpanzees seek protection.
Some chimpanzees share common ancestors.
Some chimpanzees share environments.
Some chimpanzees share food.
Some chimpanzees sit on stones.
Some chimpanzees sleep on floors.
Some chimpanzees sleep on forest floors.
Some chimpanzees steal food.
Some chimpanzees suffer from cardiac diseases.
Some chimpanzees suffer from diseases.
Some chimpanzees take care.
Some chimpanzees throw objects at human observers.
Some chimpanzees throw objects.
Some chimpanzees throw stones.
Some chimpanzees transmit viruses.
Some chimpanzees use hips.
Some chimpanzees use spears.
Some chimpanzees use tools.
Some chimpanzees use twigs.
A chin is a feature
Chin isa body part.
CHIN takes no responsibility for the completeness or accuracy of the content.
Chins are body parts.
Chins are features.
Chins are nocturnal and a herbivore.
Chins are part of faces.
Chins are part of heads.
Chins are solid objects.
Chins are truly a joy to know, they're very individualistic and complex creatures.
Chins can be larger or smaller , depending on the person .
Chins can be larger or smaller, depending on the person.
Chins go up, shoulders fall back.
Chins have (part) corpi.
Chins have (part) moustaches.
Chins have (part) mustaches.
Chins have (part) sections.
Chins learn by doing something repeatedly.
Chins sleep during the day and are most active at night when it is cooler.
Chins touch chests.
Chins vary greatly in personality.
Chins usually pick only one place to urinate in the cage.
Some chins are much talkative, others are less.
Some chins are part of faces.
Some chins are part of heads.
China aster is susceptible to a variety of disease, including wilt and aster yellows virus.
China asters have big, frilly flowers that are long-lasting as cut flowers.
China Beach awaits, for now, one of the best-kept secrets in the Pacific Northwest.
China Beach boasts a fine sandy beach ideal for picnicking, sand building, wading and relaxing.
China Beach is a fun place to dance in Langley.
China Beach is a hit.
China Beach is a pristine sandy beach once used by the U.S. military forces.
China Beach is better.
China Beach offers lots of DJ's, good live music, drink specials and the ever popular college night.
A china cabinet is a cabinet
China cabinets are more space-efficient than buffet tables.
China clay is a strong white clay.
China clay is clay
China dolls are the most commonly recognized doll out side of the collectible world.
China grass see nettle .
Some China laws listed here are in English full text.
China lobby stops job flow to India , M.D.Nalapat.
China Mobile has good management and the balance sheet is strong.
China Mobile is obviously a quality core holding.
China Mobile is only a mobile operator.
Some china painters create one-fire pieces.
Some china painters make their own media.
China paper is a very thin paper, originally made in China, which is used for chine appliqu prints.
China paper is a very thin paper, originally made in China, which is used for chine applique prints.
China provinces are Christian.
China roses are all repeat flowering in varying degrees.
China roses are healthy plants, with compact growth.
China roses are hibiscuses.
China roses are roses.
China roses are unparalleled in our region for constant color in the landscape.
China Sea does it all.
China Sea is almost exclusively a takeout restaurant.
China Sea is one of the many Chinese restaurants in town that offer takeout services.
China Sea is the name of two seas of the Pacific Ocean along the east coast of Asia.
China silk is a plain weave silk of various weights.
China today faces great problems and great possibilities.
China today fulfils the requirements of a sovereign nation-state republic.
China today is a human rights hellhole.
China today is a society plagued by incongruities.
China today is in a critical stage.
China today is in the midst of an extremely ambitious reforestation and forestation campaign.
China today is neither ally nor adversary.
China today is relatively stable politically and is prospering economically.
China today is the world s fourth largest market for our agricultural products.
China today needs even more foreign investment, which has become a rare product in Asia.
China today remains a repressive and authoritarian country.
China today remains the largest pirate of U.S. intellectual property.
China today reserves the right to deny licenses on entirely arbitrary grounds.
A china is porcelain
China abolishes slavery.
China abounds in rivers.
China abuses human rights and restricts freedom.
China accounts for half of world pork production and consumption.
China accounts for more than two-thirds of world aquacultural output.
China accounts for the bulk of the decline in global ending stocks.
China accuses Taiwan of a serious provocation and says it is trying to split the country.
China achieve great successes in science.
China actually abounds in all of the afore-mentioned.
China actually needs western trade much more than the western countries.
China adamantly opposes that sale.
China addresses human rights developments in Xinjiang Province.
China adds almost that many lines each year .
China admits thievery.
China admits to having a terrible pollution problem.
China admits to possessing N-missiles .
China adopts a similar ap-proach with European countries it intends to befriend.
China agrees to ensure current market access and activities for our service firms.
China aims to dismantle monopoly companies and their power by legislative procedures.
China aims to join Russia and the United States as only the third nation to put a human in space.
China allegedly sells organs harvested from prisoners.
China allocates frequencies and makes franchise decisions city by city, district by district.
China allows corn imports when supplies are short, but at other times China blocks corn imports.
China allows only government-controlled religious groups.
China alone boasts at least ten varieties which are all used for various medicinal purposes.
China alone consumes several million sea horses every year.
China alone favors PNEs.
China alone is already the world's third largest economy, the fifth largest trader.
China alone produces almost ninety percent of the world's green tea.
China already consumes more grain, red meat, and fertilizer than the United States does.
China already gets the same tariff treatment given most U.S. trading partners.
China already grows more peanuts than any other country.
China already has a one child policy that has efectively stunted it's growth.
China already has.
China already is an export juggernaut of garments, appliances, and other low-end goods.
China already occupies part of northern Kashmir.
China already represents our fourth-largest trading partner.
China already stands as Idaho's sixth largest export market for farm products.
China also abounds in rivers and lakes.
China also agrees to engage in dialogue to improve export controls.
China also asserts the right to invade Taiwan at any time that Taipei behaves overly independently.
China also benefits from U.S. investment and technology.
China also boasts considerable capacity in sisal fibre processing.
China also buys erratically.
China also claims Taiwan.
China also comes out first with the types of wild animals in the world.
China also continues to block web sites it regards as politically sensitive.
China also continues to execute more people than all the other countries in the world combined.
China also cooperates extensively with Iran on military issues.
China also denies spying.
China also denies stealing U.S. secrets.
China also denies the espionage allegation.
China also has a burgeoning population.
China also has a dubious reputation as a hotbed of corruption.
China also has a number of long- range aircraft that can deliver nuclear bombs.
China also has a record of providing missile, nuclear, chemical, and biological technology to Iran.
China also has a sound economic situation.
China also has a strategic interest in a less menacing North Korea.
China also has a strong pitching staff, a most important component of any world-class softball team.
China also has a strong self-preservationist cast.
China also has a variety of forest types.
China also has a very strong central government.
China also has an astronaut-training program.
China also has an extremely successful film industry.
China also has an unemployment benefit scheme for the jobless in urban and rural areas.
China also has asset forfeiture and seizure legislation.
China also has considerable oil reserves.
China also has desert regions.
China also has DSRV capability.
China also has important deposits of iron ore , tin and tungsten.
China also has less foreign investment as well.
China also has little to offer on trade.
China also has lots of wildlife.
China also has many lakes and wetlands.
China also has plenty of motivation.
China also has several missile modernization programs.
China also has some of the highest mountain ranges in the world.
China also has the most horrid working conditions and labor rights violations in the region.
China also has vast cellular potential.
China also has veto power, but usually abstains for trade favors.
China also highlights the hypocrisy of U.S. human rights rhetoric.
China also imports aquatic products.
China also is suspected of conducting some computer attacks on Taiwan's computer infrastructure.
China also launches satellites for the U.S. corporations and others, on a commercial basis.
China also maintains a variety of informal but effective protection mechanisms.
China also maintains quotas on many products, but the quotas seem to be somewhat flexible.
China also maintains that the U.S. plane was in Chinese airspace.
China also makes silver pandas .
China also nurtures a deep sense of historical grievance with Japan.
China also opposes the invasion of South Korea by North Korea.
China also participates in several regional multinational groups.
China also plans electronic attacks on computer networks.
China also plans to increase significantly the generation of power from renewable energy sources.
China also plans to use Russia's satellite navigation system for missile guidance.
China also plays a crucial role in Asia's economic stability and, in fact, the global economy.
China also plays a major role in assessments of the canal's vulnerability.
China also presents a mixed picture.
China also proposes to build a rail link to Tibet.
China also risks a brain drain under the current distribution system.
China also sees U.S. arms sales as a legitimate topic for debate during arms control discussions.
China also stands to gain.
China also suffers from the lack of proper storage facilities.
China also suffers typhoon attacks.
China also supports crop-substitution efforts in Burma and Laos.
China also wants to check India's growing strategic influence, the institute suggests.
China also wants to grab a bigger share of the world satellite launch market.
China announces new finds in the region every year.
China announces the release of the crew.
China apparantly wants to have a hip-hop scene.
China apparently has wall to wall people.
China apparently seems to be the contender for a super power politics.
China appears in no hurry to give it back.
China appears to be a puzzle.
China appears to be at a crossroads.
China appears to be getting serious about creating a social security system.
China appears to be on an expansionist course no matter what the rest of the world thinks of it.
China appears to be playing for short-term benefits, such as a surge in Western dollars.
China appears to be uneasy about the situation where an encircling net is being laid.
China appreciates and supports the positive influence and role of Egypt.
China appreciates it.
China approves first gene therapy .
China are still confident of clinching the team gold despite the pullout however.
China are third in the group on three points but have only played one game.
China argues it is an important project intended to alleviate poverty.
China asks the same question of many people.
China aspires to national strength and greatness.
China attaches equal importance to the establishment of an environmental administrative system.
China attaches great importance to helping criminals change by means of persuasion.
China attaches great importance to regional disarmament.
China attacks Taiwan.
China attempts democratic government.
China attempts invasion.
China attends as an invitee.
China attends the meeting as an observer.
China attracts a lot of attention nowadays.
China attracts more direct foreign investment than any country other than the United States.
China attracts that much in less than six months.
China backs North Korea against South Korea supported by the United States.
China badly needs legislation on unfair labor practices.
China bans adulterers from living with lovers.
China bans import of scrap electronics.
China bans the binding of women's feet.
China bashing is at an all time high in conservative circles.
China bashing is easy and popular.
China bears much responsibility for what happens next.
China becomes more orthodox.
China becomes slowly more familiar.
China begins to embrace economic reform, paving way for rapid growth led by entrepreneurs.
China begins to turn light on wide use of torture.
China believes in gradually letting the people have more access to political freedom.
China believes that it can out-muscle any rival claimant in a bilateral setting.
China believes that the U.S. sales make Taiwan less likely to enter talks on reunification.
China benefits greatly from trade and know how from Taiwan .
China bitterly opposes the sale.
China bitterly resents the Taiwan arms sales.
China blames the U.S. for the collision, and has asked for a formal apology.
China blames the U.S. for the collision, and has demanded an apology.
China blames the U.S. for the crash, and has asked for a formal apology.
China blames the U.S. plane, saying it rammed the Chinese jet.
China blames the U.S. plane, saying it suddenly rammed the Chinese jet.
China blanks available from instructor for a nominal fee.
China boasts a grand heritage, having been one of the dominant civilisations of the ancient world.
China boasts man-made structures that no other structures in the world can compare to.
China boasts unprecedented economic growth, despite untold domestic problems.
China breaks a year-long, de facto global moratorium on testing.
China breaks with Germany.
China brings a sense of nationalism to many endeavors, easily offended by American narcissism.
China brings in regulations to put a stop to 'genetic piracy' Shanghai.
China bristles work best in oil and alkyd paints and stains, varnishes, shellacs and lacquers.
China builds more diesel engines than the rest of the world combined.
China builds more tractors than North America, South America, and Europe combined.
China burns more coal than any other country in the world.
China buys Russian timber, steel, and chemical fertiliser.
China calls for a formal apology.
China calls Taiwan a renegade province, a claim Taiwan rejects.
China calls the comments a step in the right direction.
China calls to increase the economic cooperation with Pakistan.
China can afford such deficit spending.
China can also be destabilizing for the region.
China can also threaten India indirectly by building up Pakistan's missile force.
China can be a place where change is hard to make.
China can be a power for good or evil.
China can be pricey.
China can become rich, or it can be confrontational.
China can benefit from access to American products and services.
China can benefit from increased foreign investment in Internet services.
China can boost grain production.
China can bring more influence to bear on North Korea.
China can certainly pressure Taiwan to start talking.
China can currently arm Pakistan with relative impunity thanks to the Himalayas.
China can do that only if it conforms to international rules which guide the rest of the world.
China can earn additional praise by committing to international norms of fair trade.
China can earn higher returns by investing in real capital than by money market investments.
China Can Feed Itself.
China can have one of two destinies.
China can no longer afford to lose money producing goods that no one wants.
China can now expect much hotter online auction bidding.
China can now produce small-sized air freighters.
China can play a useful role here.
China can probably count on Southeast Asian support.
China can provide enough food for itself.
China can represent a mysterious export challenge or a well-defined target market opportunity.
China can sell missiles and nuclear technology to America s rogue state enemies.
China can stand up again.
China can use supercomputers to enhance many other weapons programs.
China can use the money to build highway, road and houses.
China cares only about internal security.
China certainly has no credible capability for a full-scale invasion.
China certainly has prescriptive jurisdiction to make it a crime antwhere to spy on China.
China certainly has the basic technology required for manned spaceflight.
China certainly is involved in the landmine issue.
China certainly shares some of the early symptoms of the flu with other countries in Southeast Asia.
China changes the meaning of being a superpower.
China changes too.
China cites debt burden as main obstacle to economic development of least- developed countries.
China claims jurisdiction over the island despite the nationalist rule.
China claims much of land south of the Amur River.
China claims that Taiwan is a province of China and the United States agrees.
China claims that Taiwan is a province of China, thus China claims to own Taiwan.
China claims the island and the mainland and island are technically at war.
China claims to be a country with a rule of law.
China claims to be working hard to stop the problem but U.S. losses almost double each year.
China claims to have oput significant funds into rebuilding insititions that it destroyed.
China clearly dwarfs Taiwan, but China looks at the picture in reverse.
China clearly has an abundance of old objects.
China clearly poses the greater challenge at present.
China clearly shares an interest in promoting peace and stability in East Asia and the world.
China Closes Friendship Highway With Pakistan.
China closet to right of dining room table with three chairs downstage right.
China comes out pretty well.
China comes under suspicion because of their history of systematic doping.
China commits to implement the principle of national treatment in a strictly manner.
China competes with U.S. growers for the Japanese azuki market.
China concentrates on the lower grade of home textiles.
China condemns it as a religious cult.
China condemns the killing of Palestinian civilians by Israel.
China conducts first thermonuclear bomb test.
China conducts the last known nuclear weapon test in the atmosphere.
China confirms that two leading dissidents have been sentenced to long prison terms for subversion.
China consider Taiwan a renegade province.
China considers democratic Taiwan a breakaway province.
China considers India's own growing naval power a potential threat.
China considers it a renegade province.
China considers Taiwan a breakaway province.
China considers Taiwan a breakaway territory.
China considers Taiwan a renegade providence and insists the island reunite with the mainland.
China considers Taiwan a renegade province and has vowed to retake the island by force if necessary.
China considers Taiwan a renegade province, and has threatened war if Taipei declares independence.
China considers Taiwan a renegade province, to be recaptured by force if necessary.
China considers Taiwan a renegade province.
China considers Taiwan to be a renegade province.
China considers the island a renegade province, and fiercely opposes the sales.
China considers the island a renegade province.
China Considers the Middle East.
China consists of numerous impressive mountains, lakes, rivers, waterfalls and natural scenic spots.
China constitutes one-fifth of the world's population.
China contains more than one-fifth of the world's entire population.
China contains one fifth of the world's population.
China contains some of the worlds last sizable areas of true wilderness.
China contends Taiwan is merely a renegade province of China.
China contends that the trials are for criminal acts and have nothing to do with human rights.
China contends that there is only one China and that includes Taiwan.
China contends the plane landed on Chinese soil without permission.
China continues a massive missile build-up opposite Taiwan . . . . . . . . . .
China continues arms sales to radical regimes.
China continues as a bearish influence.
China continues in the opposite direction.
China continues it's rise as the region's largest U.S. trading partner.
China continues subway construction .
China continues to allow free emigration and open travel overseas, including travel for students.
China continues to be a large net importer.
China continues to be a major factor in the equation.
China continues to be a net importer of petroleum.
China continues to be an area of key importance to Hercules and to our plans for continued growth.
China continues to be one of the most oppressive states in the world.
China continues to be the world s largest supplier of pirate cartridge-based videogames.
China continues to be wary of any proposals for multilateral security cooperation in Asia.
China continues to capture the world s attention and imagination.
China continues to commit egregious violations of non-proliferation agreements without repercussion.
China continues to cooperate actively on operational issues with U.S. drug-enforcement officials.
China continues to crack down on peaceful protests and demonstrations on political change.
China continues to demand an apology, but the U.S. is unlikely to concede.
China continues to execute individuals at a rate unsurpassed worldwide.
China continues to fall far short in the area of human rights.
China continues to grow dramatically.
China continues to hold the aircraft.
China continues to lose arable land because of erosion and economic development.
China continues to maintain a closed capital account today.
China continues to maintain one of the most protectionist trade regimes in the world.
China continues to motorize.
China continues to permit the departure of citizens who qualify for a U.S. immigrant visa.
China continues to pose a serious threat to peace and stability in South-East and South Asia.
China continues to purchase large quantities of U.S. soybeans.
China continues to remain a small net exporter of rice.
China continues to sell missiles and technology to regions of the world that are unstable.
China continues to struggle with weak domestic demand, capital outflows and rising unemployment.
China continues to suppress political dissent.
China continues to wage war against individual freedoms and human rights.
China controls almost all the warm water ports east of the Eurasian continent.
China controls the remainder.
China controls the rest.
China corprate identity low cost.
China corprate identity lowcost.
China corprate identitylow cost.
China covers most of the eastern part of Asia.
China Covers the history of Chinese mathematics, from ancient times.
China craves foreign capital as local private sector still underdeveloped.
China craves the Olympics on a level that borders on obsession.
China crushes any opinion or freedom or equality.
China culls civets in markets, thought to be a reservoir for the disease.
China cures low, forms of fever, remittent or intermittent, typhoid or malarial.
China currently bans foreign ownership of content providers.
China currently exhibits high, long-term potential in terms of seafood sales from Alaska.
China currently has no law to punish such practices.
China currently has no laws concerning management of online advertisements.
China currently has only one working ballistic missile submarine.
China currently restricts full participation and competition in basic telecommunications services.
China cuts diplomatic ties with the Marshall Islands.
China deals with crises by issuing proclamations and blanket bans from Beijing.
China dearly wants greater foreign acceptance.
China decides to find out.
China declares a moratorium on nuclear testing.
China declares war on Japan, Germany and Italy.
China declares war on Japan, Germany, and Italy.
China definitely has a grievance.
China demands a share of the production, jobs and advanced technology.
China demands an apology.
China demands an official apology from the United States for the collision.
China demands apology.
China demands Taiwan accept unification.
China demitasse saucers and small silver spoons remain behind glass doors in the library bookcase.
China denies allegations.
China denies spying.
China denies stealing any U.S. secrets.
China denies that it transferred missiles to Pakistan.
China denies the allegations of espionage.
China denies the allegations.
China denounces the move.
China deserves no special consideration or extra territorial claims of sovereignty.
China deserves to join, but China can only join as a developing country.
China desires the formation of willing allies, comprising Vietnam, North Korea, and perhaps India.
China desperately needs to export.
China detains Chinese-American visitors.
China devaluing is the last great shoe to drop.
China Develop an awareness of the lives of children in other places.
China develops an anti-opium policy, at least on paper.
China discontinues use of paper money because of inflation.
China discourages travel by persons who are ill, pregnant, or of advanced age.
China dismisses the North Korean threat as a transparent ruse to deploy a system directed at China.
China displays a curiously split personality.
China does agree to significant tariff cuts.
China does allow the use of modified cotton and tomato plants.
China does have some restrictions on who can adopt.
China does have such a weapon, it readily admits.
China does indeed offer a huge, nearly irresistible, market.
China does it the most.
China does little but show to the world that it is truly an anachronistic thug.
China does offer everyone the opportunity to be what they want.
China does possess the technical capability to assimilate the transfer of new technologies.
China does the same to Taiwan.
China does too.
China doll outside in the garden.
China dominates the narrative, while Taiwan is portrayed as a small, unimportant province.
China draws millions of tourists a year.
China earns world respect for economic role in Asian financial crisis.
China eats much more chicken than it can produce.
China effectively dominates the entire region.
China emphasizes natural processes and procedures.
China encounters multiculturalism from within and without.
China ends, mountains, deserts, and nomadism begin.
China engages in reconnaissance along the coasts of Japan and Vietnam.
China enjoys a considerable head start in the race to woo Rangoon's military leaders.
China enjoys easy accessibility.
China enjoys the world's fastest growing economy.
China enter here suites and work stations China Suites and work stations China.
China enters Korean conflict, sends troops across Yalu River.
China enters the nuclear age with a successful rest of the atomic bomb.
China especially needs support for development of a strong legal system.
China establishes regulations on the export of dual-use goods.
China even has more than the whole of Europe and the whole of North America.
China executes drug traffickers.
China executes more people each year than all other countries combined.
China executes more people each year than the rest of the world together.
China executes more prisoners each year than all the rest of the world combined.
China executes more prisoners than any other country in the world.
China executes more prisoners than any other nation.
China exemplifies what most fund managers like to see from emerging-market countries.
China exercises strict control over the manufacture and export of small arms.
China expects intensified competition in the region.
China expects the move to help it simplify export procedures and cut operations costs.
China experiences typhoons very similar in destruction patterns to hurricanes.
China explodes atomic bomb.
China exports five times as much to America as it imports.
China exports mostly labor-intensive goods.
China expresses similar concerns.
China extends across five times zones, but the country has a single time zone.
China faces a much more acute problem.
China faces environmental challenges of staggering proportions.
China faces even greater obstacles to export to North America.
China faces huge challenges as reform progresses and economic transition takes place.
China faces major challenges in advancing economic progress beyond the present point.
China faces major challenges today.
China faces major internal challenges.
China faces other barriers to caring for the elderly.
China faces severe challenges.
China faces strong competition.
China faces such difficulties.
China faces the same challenge.
China faces the same problem Germany encountered when planning to invade Britain.
China falls in love with the car.
China fears an anti-Communist uprising.
China feels similar grievances.
China figures on the list as well, a few places back.
China finds itself in murky strategic territory.
China firing up weapons development Beware the Dragon.
China firmly opposes all forms of terrorism.
China firmly opposes any form of hegemonism and power politics.
China flatly refuses to accept human-rights and other links to the trade agreement.
China focus A look at China's woodworking industry.
China Follow the adventures of the happiest waiguoren in China.
China follows at a distant second with eight million tons.
China follows only Canada, Spain and Russia as the leading source of Cuban imports.
China follows Russia into internal disintegration.
China follows the growing body of physicians declassifying homosexuality as a mental illness.
China follows the same growth model that all economies adhere to.
China forbids religious believers from worshiping outside of state-sanctioned groups.
China formally recognizes Mongolia's independence.
China frowns on granting each family more than one adoption.
China fully has missiles that can reach Washington, DC, from any place in the world.
China fully intends to do the same with Taiwan, but Taiwan is a very different case.
China generates more VOIP traffic than any other country based on call volume.
China gets stronger by the day.
China gets tarriff autonomy.
China gets the same trade treatment that virtually everybody else gets.
China gives Chinese patents .
China gives Chinese patents.
China go home.
China grants Rs.
China grows cotton, but our fiber is better suited for their blend needs.
China grows most of the world s crop.
China happens to have many huge mountain ranges everywhere.
China has a bad government.
China has a big population and so there is a great future in the pharmaceutical field.
China has a big surplus.
China has a civilization dating back thousands of years.
China has a close relationship with Pakistan.
China has a command polity coupled to a pseudo-market economy.
China has a communist economic system.
China has a comparative advantage in textile and clothing production.
China has a complete legal system for the protection of intellectual property rights.
China has a continuing problem with trade in endangered species.
China has a fairly large population of people that are selenium deficient.
China has a far better infrastructure than India.
China has a few aging destroyers and no submarines.
China has a fifth of the world's population.
China has a fullness of the veins.
China has a glorious future in the global community.
China has a good-sized arsenal of ballistic missiles and it is developing more.
China has a great culture, and the people are very nice.
China has a great design on Japan, military aggression is one of the means.
China has a great labor force and advanced technology.
China has a great potential both as a consuming market and a place to refine oil.
China has a great stake in stability in the Middle East.
China has a gross domestic product of more than one trillion dollars.
China has a growing middle class who are discovering the thrills of buying shares.
China has a growing nuclear arsenal and the world s largest conventional army.
China has a growing nuclear arsenal and the world's largest conventional army.
China has a habit of trying to bully small nations .
China has a habit of trying to bully small nations.
China has a history of sending dumped, injurious steel exports to American shores.
China has a history of timing the release of prominent prisoners to the political calendar.
China has a horrid human rights policy.
China has a huge appetite for saiga horn, for traditional medicine.
China has a huge balance of payment.
China has a huge market with big potential and wide prospect.
China has a huge market, and Taiwan has great expertise in making handsets.
China has a huge population and a very low average income per head.
China has a huge problem because a majority of the power there comes from burning coal.
China has a huge supply of human resources, enabling companies to produce products at a low cost.
China has a huge trade surplus with the United States, the largest of any nation.
China has a key role to play in developments on the Peninsula.
China has a large population and a lot of people have no jobs.
China has a large population and many communities practice both pig and duck farming.
China has a large submarine fleet and South Korea, Malaysia and Singapore have also bought subs.
China has a legitimate right to be heard, and a valid contribution to make.
China has a limited amount of resources that they can access with their current economic situation.
China has a long history of developing innovative technology.
China has a long history of eating chestnut.
China has a long history of furniture production and it's a good industry for that country.
China has a long history of pond fish culture.
China has a long history of private education, dating back to the time of Confucius.
China has a long history of rice fish culture.
China has a long history.
China has a long standing conflict with Taiwan.
China has a long tradition of natural aphrodisiacs.
China has a long tradition of preventative health care.
China has a lot more to share than pandas and chopsticks.
China has a lot of food stores now with cheap, decent looking cooked foods on sale.
China has a lot of mud volcanoes in the Xinjiang province .
China has a lot of mud volcanoes in the Xinjiang province.
China has a lot to learn from the America the dirty world politics.
China has a marked continental monsoonal climate characterized by great variety.
China has a massive population.
China has a mixed economy that is expanding rapidly.
China has a Muslim problem in Sinkiang.
China has a nearly insatiable demand for capital to fund industrial growth and development.
China has a one-child policy.
China has a particular problem with young leaders.
China has a policy that limits a family to one child.
China has a poor record of safety in mining.
China has a poor understanding of how and why other nations see China as a threat.
China has a population of almost a quarter of the world total.
China has a population problem and America has land.
China has a potential of just being a huge market.
China has a radio station broadcasted in Esperanto.
China has a real concern regarding the survivability of a second-strike missile force.
China has a really rudimentary nuclear arsenal.
China has a relatively modern military and astounding manpower capabilities.
China has a reputation as a country where birds are scarce.
China has a reputation for being very careful about how much it pays for wheat.
China has a rich tradition of natural medicines.
China has a similar problem.
China has a smooth coastline.
China has a strict one-child policy.
China has a strict policy concerning birth control.
China has a stringent system of quality control.
China has a strong and growing economy, and it is increasingly a part of the open global market.
China has a strong interest in the meeting going smoothly.
China has a strong manpower behind it.
China has a tremendous amount of coal, a heavily polluting resource.
China has a varied climate and a marked monsoon climate.
China has a variety of forest types.
China has a vast population of peasants and a minority of workers.
China has a vast territory and a large population.
China has a vast territory and is rich in products.
China has a vast written record extending far into the past.
China has a very ancient origin.
China has a very competitive college entrance examination and very strict grade requirements.
China has a very comprehensive system.
China has a very different economic and social background.
China has a very fast growing economy.
China has a very large economy.
China has a very old seafaring tradition.
China has a very stringent system to control imported goods.
China has a weapons proliferation record that is unrivaled in the world.
China has a well-defined and predictable process based on the Korean model of adoptions.
China has about one in four of all smokers in the world.
China has about one-quarter of the world's population.
China has abundant coal resources.
China has all along opposed power politics and hegemonism in the international arena.
China has also a record of providing nuclear, chemical, and biological missile technology to Iran.
China has among some of the most abundant plant life in the world.
China has an abundant amount of coal.
China has an abysmal record of keeping the trade commitments it has made.
China has an advantage over India on the cost of basic raw materials.
China has an ancient tradition of valuing peace and good-neighborliness.
China has an enforcement ethic but no constitutional objective.
China has an engagement policy, too.
China has an extensive program to rescue endangered animals, which helped restore many species.
China has an extremely bright future.
China has an ideal environment for large-scale aloe planting.
China has an infamous coercive one child and forced abortion policies.
China has an option for three more such planes.
China has an over-population and a suffocating pollution problem.
China has an unbroken tradition of great literature.
China has arguably the least aggressive posture of any nuclear state.
China has as wide variety of arts and crafts with exquisite workmanship.
China has beautiful scenery, with mountains and ranges, highlands, plains, basins, and hills.
China has both economic and political-military objectives in the region.
China has brilliant managers with organizing capability, but abysmal management qualities.
China has capital account controls.
China has certain advantages, and India has certain advantages.
China has close to one thousand publicly traded companies.
China has considerable natural resources including coal, lead, zinc, copper, tungsten and gold.
China has decisive advantages over India in terms of the welcome it extends to foreign investors.
China has deep respect and belief in their aging people.
China has demands to make over Tibet.
China has domestic demand that is pumping away quite nicely.
China has eight regional languages that are mutually unintelligible, and many true dialects.
China has eighteen, count 'em, eighteen, nuclear missiles with an intercontinental capability.
China has enough for more than five months.
China has even less reason to object.
China has every right to find a balance between local and foreign content.
China has expertise in building highways, bridges and fly-overs.
China has extensive involvement in international and local assignments and localisation efforts.
China has extensive space-related cooperation programs with many countries.
China has few animal protection laws, and they are poorly enforced.
China has few tropical or subtropical areas.
China has four distinct classes-cadres, intellectuals, workers and peasants.
China has four times as many people as the United States but only half the habitable land.
China has good reasons to court rather than confront the U.S., primarily economic ones.
China has great incentive for the handover to succeed as well.
China has great plains, rivers, deserts, and high, flat plains.
China has great results with genetically engineered rice .
China has greater military power today than it did a decade ago.
China has greater wireless penetration than wireline.
China has huge areas of man-made forests.
China has huge potential.
China has huge stakes in the outcome of Asia's stock crisis.
China has huge trunk lines on fibre optics.
China has indisputable sovereignty over Taiwan.
China has insufficient infrastructure and information security to support such businesses.
China has intercontinental ballistic missiles targeted on the United States.
China has it all, including increasingly good relations with Teheran.
China has it.
China has it's own reasons for welding control of the internet.
China has large renewable energy resources.
China has limited soil resources and a shortage of water resources.
China has literally millions of illiterate children.
China has little freedom or safety.
China has little or no force projection capability.
China has little room to maneuver.
China has long range missiles that can reach Washington DC today.
China has lots and lots of people.
China has lots of Chryslers.
China has many ailing state enterprises that are losing money and unable to repay loans.
China has many cities with over a million inhabitants.
China has many different levels of care, with the best hospitals being in the city.
China has many domestic airlines and the same rules about flying apply as anywhere.
China has many fewer missiles.
China has many gleaming new buildings in Shanghai and Beijing, but large areas of underdevelopment.
China has many languages and dialects in different provinces.
China has many people of conscience.
China has missiles that can reach here.
China has more Christian prisoners and detainees than any other country in the world.
China has more coal than any country in the world.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
China has more high-speed trains than any other country in the world.
China has more kinds of tofu than Japan and various tofu foods .
China has more kinds of tofu than Japan and various tofu foods.
China has more minorities than France has population.
China has more people than any other country.
China has more practice than anyone does in disarming potential dissenters.
China has more pressing concerns.
China has more species of carnivorous plants than anywhere else in the world.
China has more than a quarter of the world's population.
China has more than four times as many people as the United States.
China has more tourists every year than any other country.
China has more varieties of birds than any other country in the world.
China has much foreign direct investment in it from other countries .
China has much foreign direct investment in it from other countries.
China has much more clout with both Russia and Yugoslavia than appears on the surface.
China has much to gain and lose on the Korean peninsula.
China has much to gain over Russia using economic ooze.
China has multiple types of shares.
China has neither the ships nor the air support to transport an invading army across the straits.
China has new surveillance planes.
China has no claim over Taiwan.
China has no comment on the report.
China has no desire to seek hegemony, which is forbidden by the constitution.
China has no hope.
China has no intention of competing with the U.S. globally.
China has no intention of forgetting the past.
China has no interest in destroying Taiwan.
China has no lawyer jokes, no celebrity attorneys, no courtroom dramas on television.
China has no legitimate right to any claim over Taiwan.
China has no long-range strategic bombers.
China has no national bank card and no package express system.
China has no natural counterweights in the South-East Asia.
China has no parent or patient organizations.
China has no pesticide user certification system.
China has no policy on lead in candles.
China has no privacy law, and no interest in privacy.
China has no private media.
China has no reliable legal system and resolution of disputes is next to impossible'.
China has no respect for intellectual property.
China has no right to retaliate against a restraint.
China has no say in Taiwanese affairs.
China has no selfish interest in the region and nor does it seek such interest in the regions.
China has no substitute system of social welfare to pick up the victims.
China has normal status.
China has nothing against the Web but considers any kind of political discussion unwelcome.
China has nothing to gain by provoking an international outburst.
China has now about ten million Internet users, while is has about sixty million mobile phone users.
China has nuclear capabilities.
China has nuclear capacity and an expansionistic desire.
China has nuclear weapons.
China has one fifth the world's population, but like India, very little place in world affairs.
China has one of Asia's most polluted environments.
China has one of the fastest growing economies in Asia.
China has one of the foundational civilizations in human history.
China has one of the largest and fastest growing telecom markets in the world.
China has one of the world s worst environmental protection records.
China has one of the world's oldest continuous civilisations.
China has one official language, that is Chinese.
China has one-fifth of the world's population.
China has one-quarter of the world's population.
China has only a couple dozen ballistic missiles of intercontinental range.
China has only one time zone, the continental U.S. has four.
China has only one type of long-range missile capable of reaching the United States mainland.
China has only two dozen sophisticated nuclear weapons compared to thousands in the U.S. arsenal.
China has other concerns too.
China has other reasons for acting cautiously after the election.
China has our spy plane, and all of the sensitive equipment therein.
China has outrageous, brutal and inhumane policies on abortion and forced sterilization.
China has outstanding sites.
China has over a billion consumers, after all.
China has over seven million biogas pits in operation.
China has perhaps the largest hydroelectric potential in the world.
China has plenty of talented software developers and engineers.
China has quite the opposite view.
China has reasons to improve relations with India.
China has rich intellectual resources based on a huge population with higher education.
China has schools run by enterprises, too.
China has significant potential for Australia's tourism industry.
China has significant trade, financial, and communication links with the rest of the world.
China has some of the most abundant plant life in the world.
China has some of the most extreme water shortages in the world.
China has some of the world s most polluted cities.
China has some requirements regarding health.
China has some time here especially if world conditions continue to be as robust as they are.
China has special expertise for jobs involving older software with lost documentation.
China has strong objections because it considers Taiwan a renegade province.
China has such a shortage of church leaders and teachers with theological training.
China has such a splendid history and culture.
China has superior economic and military power.
China has that kind of opportunity.
China has the best optic engineers in the world.
China has the biggest refrigerator industry in the world.
China has the earliest civilization in history.
China has the easier mission.
China has the economic potential to help Panama far more than tiny Taiwan.
China has the expansive military modernization program.
China has the greatest number of people playing table tennis.
China has the greatest population but lacks the experience to become a world leader.
China has the highest level of executions in the world.
China has the highest number of coal mining deaths in the world.
China has the highest number of unreached people in the world.
China has the largest conventional army in the world.
China has the largest number of wildlife species of any country in the world.
China has the largest population of any country in the world.
China has the largest population of any country.
China has the longest recorded history of all countries in the world.
China has the most extensive forced labor camp system in the world today.
China has the most rapid economic growth of any country in the world.
China has the most species of carnivorous plants such as the pitcher plant.
China has the most vibrant economy in the world today.
China has the natural conditions and the market necessary for the development of the ski industry.
China has the number.
China has the oldest culture.
China has the oldest existing civilization in the world.
China has the potential to advance U.S. objectives.
China has the potential to become a major military power in Asia.
China has the potential to become a world-scale supplier of several important chemical products.
China has the potential to become the largest wireless Internet market in Asia.
China has the power.
China has the second highest rate of productivity in the world, after the United States.
China has the third largest land mass of any country in the world.
China has the warehousing capacity.
China has the world largest population and the world largest untapped marketplace.
China has the world s largest population, and one of the fasted growing economies.
China has the world's fastest growing economy.
China has the world's fastest growing large economy.
China has the world's highest rate of mortality attributable to tobacco use.
China has the world's largest group of karst dolines.
China has the world's largest number of religious prisoners.
China has the world's largest population of smokers.
China has the world's largest population, and one of the fasted growing economies.
China has the world's largest population, one of the fastest growing economies.
China has the world's largest population.
China has the world's most coal fires.
China has the world's third largest economy.
China has Tibet as a colony.
China has ties with both North and South Korea.
China has to agree in a protocol of accession to do what is necessary to meet the treaty standard.
China has to be stopped from becoming a regional hegemon.
China has to change.
China has to follow the minimum strategy because it has such a small arsenal of weapons.
China has to grow to be able to reform, and to reform to be able to grow.
China has tremendous variation of landscape, and the Chinese people are delightful.
China has two major rivers, the Yellow River and the Yangtze River.
China has two thousand.
China has undisputed sovereignty over the islands.
China has valid reasons to be wary of the U.S. game plan in the region.
China has various kinds of master professionals.
China has vast potential to serve as a controlled laboratory for the study of modern human origins.
China has very strong views and convictions.
China has virtually no amphibious forces able to attack Taiwan.
China has virtually no rule of law.
China has wealth as well as poverty.
China has well-defined chill, fever and sweat.
China has wingless, antlered, jewel bearing god-dragons.
China has yet another record apple crop.
China has yet to produce work worthy of consideration for a Nobel Prize.
China has yet to respond officially to the arms sales package, which it had lobbied to halt.
China has yet to surrender the plane despite U.S. insistence that it be returned.
China has, and North Korea is developing, missiles capable of reaching the United States.
China hat to remove the leafs and large bits of residue.
China hates and mistrusts the United States.
China heads the list for both the U.S. and Japanese publics.
China Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
China Help seeking Chinese contacts.
China hides and Russia spars flatfooted.
China holds a promise for foreign investors.
China holds an advantage in the prevalence of the internet.
China holds enormous potential for discovery.
China holds great promise for Iowa farmers.
China holds immense promise as a market for U.S. goods, services and agricultural products.
China holds more influence with the Rangoon dictatorship than any government.
China holds that all countries, big or small, are equal.
China holds the dubious distinction of having one of the worst human rights records in the world.
China holds the remainder of the territory.
China holds the rest of the territory.
China holds the rest.
China holds the world record in having the largest number of executions.
China holds what it feels is a trump card, our people.
China hopes that once sanctions are lifted, Iraq can supply China with oil over the long term.
China hopes to become an important export base for a wide range of such products.
China hopes to gain international financing for some of the costs.
China hopes to protect behind high tariff walls.
China hopes to raise vast sums abroad to pay for a grand clean-up.
China implements a licensing system for Internet information services having a business nature.
China imports about a quarter of the polyolefins that are traded worldwide.
China imports billion of dollars of American goods - particularly high tech products.
China imports black tea, coffee and leather wares from Kenya.
China imports large numbers of turtles from Bangladesh, Indonesia, and Vietnam.
China imports large numbers of turtles from Vietnam, Bangladesh and Indonesia.
China imposes new rules on Net use .
China imposes severe geographic restrictions on the establishment of foreign banks.
China imposes strict control over the sale as well as import-export of gold and silver.
China increasingly influences commerce throughout Southeast Asia.
China insists Taiwan is a mere province.
China insists that Taiwan can enter only as a part of China.
China insists that the U.S. plane be hauled out by a Chinese aircraft.
China insists the U.S. plane caused the crash and still holds it.
China insists the U.S. plane was to blame.
China intends to reunite Taiwan with the mainland in the near future by force, if necessary.
China invades and occupies Tibet.
China invades South Korea.
China invades Taiwan.
China invades Tibet.
China invades Vietnam.
China invents paper, which is first used by the military.
China is .cn , by the way, and Chile is .cl .
China is a beautiful country.
China is a big country with a lot of athletes and a lot of swimmers.
China is a big country.
China is a big market.
China is a big place.
China is a big power now.
China is a big power that is in internal transition.
China is a big question mark.
China is a big question.
China is a big unknown, with more patents than Japan.
China is a big, strong country.
China is a billion and a half people. . . .
China is a bright spot in the tight market for academic jobs in reproductive sciences.
China is a brutal, suppressive, authoritarian police state.
China is a case in point.
China is a classic example.
China is a close second, with Romania trailing in third.
China is a closed society with harsh regulations and censorship.
China is a common source of cheap antibiotics.
China is a communist country set free onto the open market.
China is a communist country that has the largest standing army in the world.
China is a communist country that maintains a firm commitment to party control.
China is a communist country.
China is a communist state with a capitalist economy.
China is a communist state.
China is a competitor, economically and militarily.
China is a complex civilization thousand of years old.
China is a complex culture and has a complex recent past . . . .
China is a complex market, varying widely from region to region.
China is a consumer of the ivory trade and accounts for a significant amount of ivory sales.
China is a country burgeoning with economic growth and opportunity.
China is a country covering a vast area and with a large population.
China is a country filled with stories of displaced families, poverty and death.
China is a country of a billion people eager to establish themselves as a major power.
China is a country of many peoples and many political parties.
China is a country of many political parties.
China is a country of more than a billion people.
China is a country of thousands years old.
China is a country rich in history and traditions.
China is a country rich with culture and tradition.
China is a country ruled by law.
China is a country that attaches importance to human rights.
China is a country that has a long history and a rich culture.
China is a country that is slowly rolling over to be a free market economy.
China is a country that is so different from others.
China is a country to be understood on many levels.
China is a country where the hypertension rate is very high.
China is a country which many Vietnamese despise, fear, and envy.
China is a country with a large population.
China is a country with a long and brilliant cultural history.
China is a country with a unique history and culture.
China is a country with a vast area and large population.
China is a country with an ancient civilization.
China is a country with frequent floods and droughts.
China is a country with over five thousand years of recorded history.
China is a country with the biggest population in the world.
China is a country with very tough rules on weapons.
China is a credible partner of the United States.
China is a crowded country developing at a blinding pace.
China is a crucial market for American farmers.
China is a declared nuclear weapons state, Pakistan's covert programme is no secret.
China is a deflationary economy.
China is a developing communist country that has amazing economic potential.
China is a developing country with large numbers of people still living in poverty.
China is a developing country.
China is a developing economy that requires enormous change.
China is a developing nation with a big population and relatively weak economic basis.
China is a different case.
China is a different story.
China is a different world.
China is a difficult country to operate in, even now.
China is a difficult market to crack.
China is a dynamic market with many exciting opportunities.
China is a dynamic market, with high rates of growth and real opportunities for foreign firms.
China is a dynamic, rapidly growing international market with significant, long-term potential.
China is a emerging market that has enormous potential for Canadian pork exports.
China is a fact of life for the United States, and vice versa.
China is a fascinating country full of contradictions, and is rapidly changing.
China is a fascinating country with a rich history and a rapidly changing culture.
China is a fast developing market with many opportunities to buy and sell products.
China is a favourite market for red jellyfish.
China is a global and regional actor.
China is a good example.
China is a government listing of China's computer system.
China is a grab bag of folk art, traditional culture, food, tea and all things Chinese.
China is a great and growing power.
China is a great country and the Chinese people, a great people.
China is a great country with inviting charm, endowed by a splendid culture of incredible depth.
China is a great country, but is way behind in just about everything.
China is a great country.
China is a great intimidator and continues to intimidate the rest of the world.
China is a great nation and a great power.
China is a great nation with rich travel resources and long history.
China is a great place.
China is a growing economic and military power, important for regional and global stability.
China is a growing market for Central Asia, especially for Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan.
China is a growing market for technology and other business products.
China is a high-context culture.
China is a highly fractured and regionally diverse economy.
China is a high-tech business's dream.
China is a huge and complex country with a long and involved history.
China is a huge country that also has a very long history.
China is a huge country that has tremendous influence regionally and globally.
China is a huge country with a long history.
China is a huge country with vast contrasts.
China is a huge market, which has become a common awareness of many foreign businessmen.
China is a huge opportunity for all our businesses.
China is a huge potential market for the new technology.
China is a huge technology-demanded market for advanced food and agriculture.
China is a huge trade partner.
China is a huge untapped market for cigarettes.
China is a key concern.
China is a key example.
China is a key factor to regional stability.
China is a key importer of U.S. soybeans and is considered a major part of the U.S. export program.
China is a key target.
China is a kind of friend.
China is a land haunted and sustained by history.
China is a land of contradictions.
China is a land of great diversity in geography, climate, languages, and ethnic groups.
China is a land of history and refinement unparalleled in the world.
China is a land of mystery and an archaeological and cultural wonder.
China is a land of mystery and magic, of incredible natural beauty, and of rich, exotic treasures.
China is a large agricultural nation with a huge population base.
China is a large Asian producer of asparagus and Europe's largest supplier of canned product.
China is a large coal-burning nation, so carbon dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions are large.
China is a large country embracing many climate and vegetation zones.
China is a large cultural country with a long history.
China is a large nation located over in Asia.
China is a large producer of traditional manufacturing products - a market maker in world markets.
China is a largest potential seafood market in the world for every seafood suppliers around world.
China is a leading Asian economy and in the process of considerable economic and legal development.
China is a likable and human character with foibles and assets.
China is a likely member next year.
China is a long way from democracy.
China is a long-standing ally of Pakistan.
China is a low carbon economy for two main reasons.
China is a main party of World War II, and also a big victim of the War.
China is a majestic country with a long and interesting history.
China is a major chemical producer.
China is a major development partner of Eritrea.
China is a major potential market for our goods and services.
China is a major potential market for U.S. citrus and wheat producers.
China is a major power responsible for the world's destinies.
China is a major producer of fish such as cod, tuna and dolphin.
China is a major producer of natural rubber - all of which is consumed within China.
China is a major producer of precursor chemicals that are used in the manufacture of illegal drugs.
China is a major producer of precursor chemicals.
China is a major producer of small agricultural machinery.
China is a major provider of tungsten, tin, mercury, and antimony in the world.
China is a major provider to Iraq for military equipment and support.
China is a major purchaser of Israeli arms.
China is a major supplier of military equipment to Pakistan, a fellow nuclear power.
China is a major trading partner of the communist-ruled Caribbean island.
China is a major world civilization and has one of the oldest histories.
China is a male-dominated society.
China is a market with vast potential.
China is a more difficult environment in which to do business than most other countries.
China is a much different case.
China is a multi-national country with a large number of ethnic and linguistic groups.
China is a multi-religious country.
China is a nation going fast forward into the future.
China is a nation in which men smoke more than women.
China is a nation that historically has revered their elderly and their accumulated wosdom.
China is a nation that is opening up to the west.
China is a nation to be both respected and feared in the political sense.
China is a nation where a free market and the rule of law are in the earliest stage of development.
China is a nation whose soul is firmly rooted two thousand years in the past .
China is a nation.
China is a net fruit exporting country.
China is a net importer of alumina and ingots.
China is a nuclear power and right next door.
China is a nuclear weapon state.
China is a nuclear weapons state and producer of sophisticated technology.
China is a one-party authoritarian state resistant to political change.
China is a one-party totalitarian state.
China is a paradox.
China is a peace-loving country.
China is a peace-loving nation.
China is a permanent member.
China is a place from which many still flee and defect.
China is a populous and powerful country.
China is a potential source of shocks.
China is a potentially vast market with many enticing opportunities.
China is a power and one with nuclear weapons.
China is a powerful example of that fact.
China is a preeminent foreign policy issue.
China is a premiere example.
China is a primary example.
China is a prime example.
China is a prime target.
China is a region with a high incidence of liver diseases, especially hepatitis and liver cancer.
China is a remarkably modest nation.
China is a rising force in the regional and the global economy.
China is a rising power, but it remains a military pygmy.
China is a significant source of U.S. agricultural products.
China is a similar case, albeit far from as hopeless economically.
China is a socialist country, a humanitarian country.
China is a society in the throws of rapid change.
China is a society which has had a very long history .
China is a society which has had a very long history.
China is a sovereign country.
China is a sovereign nation.
China is a special case since it has enjoyed rapid growth with only partial liberalization.
China is a special case.
China is a strategic partner, a strategic competitor.
China is a strong contender.
China is a superb tourist destination with a rich history and an enormous number of sights.
China is a superpower and can either be made our friend or confronted as an enemy.
China is a superpower.
China is a super-state of conquered peoples more diverse than any nation on Earth.
China is a supplier of corn to Indonesia, while India is the country's main soy meal supplier.
China is a terrifying prospect.
China is a third world country.
China is a threat as well as an opportunity.
China is a top priority, and a huge success story.
China is a totalitarian, ruthless regime.
China is a tough sell, a hard life.
China is a traditional ally and arms supplier to Syria.
China is a tyranny.
China is a unique case for studying law and development.
China is a unique case.
China is a unique country.
China is a vast and complicated country.
China is a vast country with a dense population and a long history of enthusiasm for poetry.
China is a vast country with abundant cultural and natural scenery.
China is a vast country, which means transportation is a big problem whether by train or by truck.
China is a vast country.
China is a vast factory flooding Jakarta, Manila and Bangkok with inexpensive goods.
China is a vast place and the number of churches is enormous.
China is a vast potential market for British feature programmes.
China is a very big country, a very diverse country as well.
China is a very big country, there have many beautiful mountains.
China is a very capable country.
China is a very different place, for example, than Indonesia.
China is a very good team.
China is a very important supplier of products.
China is a very interesting country and it is very prevalent in the current Olympics.
China is a very large and beautiful country and highly populated.
China is a very large and varied country.
China is a very large country and extraordinarily poor.
China is a very old civilization, and people appreciate that sort of thing.
China is a very poor country.
China is a very populated nation and people have to cope with the crowded environment.
China is a very scary country.
China is a very socially conservative society.
China is a very sweet young puppy rescued from an area shelter.
China is a very tough market.
China is a vital and reliable friend of Pakistan.
China is a world power. . . .
China is about as much a communist nation as the United States is a federal republic.
China is about the same size as the United States, but is more than four times as crowded.
China is about work.
China is active on the boards of several Bay Area social justice organizations.
China is affected by the summer monsoon currents.
China is afraid of America as the USSR once was.
China is after all a dictatorship, while India is a democracy. and democracies always move slowly.
China is again likely to import massive amounts of rapeseed for crushing.
China is Alaska's fourth largest trade partner.
China is all potential.
China is almost a certainty.
China is already a large industrial force in today s economy.
China is already a major customer for key U.S. products.
China is already a net importer of seafood.
China is already an Asian power, and rightfully so.
China is already and deserves to be a major player in world affairs.
China is already our fourth largest export market for poultry.
China is already our top source country of highly skilled immigrants.
China is already the prime focus of American military-strategic planning, and vice versa.
China is already the second largest producer of carbon dioxide, the leading greenhouse gas.
China is already the second leading export market for Tennessee poultry.
China is already the second leading market for American poultry products worldwide.
China is already the second-leading market for U.S. poultry exports.
China is already the world s biggest economy.
China is already the world's third-largest economy.
China is also a case study of impermanence.
China is also a growing market for hides and skins and our second largest export market for poultry.
China is also a heavy investor in the transport sector, which Russia traditionally controlled.
China is also a major military supplier to Iran.
China is also a major partner in science, technology and health research.
China is also a possibility.
China is also a second-rate military power seeking to become first rate in a hurry.
China is also a state that began as a nation several millennia ago.
China is also a substantial and growing market.
China is also alarmed.
China is also an alluring market.
China is also an economic power of considerable strength.
China is also available , please inquire with the catering office.
China is also aware of global sensitivity over issues such as cloning.
China is also committed to stability.
China is also home to the fastest-growing economy in the world.
China is also in a peak year for payment of foreign debts.
China is also now in the throes of a crucial period of reform.
China is also on the prime minister's travel list.
China is also one of Japan's most important and fastest growing export destinations.
China is also one of the most disaster-prone countries in the world.
China is also one of the top five foreign investors in Cambodia.
China is also one of the world's largest importers of grains and oilseeds.
China is also one of the worlds major film producers.
China is also outstanding.
China is also short of fresh water.
China is also strategically well-positioned in the Korean Peninsula.
China is also the second-largest recipient of Japanese aid.
China is also the third largest country in the world.
China is also the world s fastest growing economy.
China is also the world's largest consumer of urea.
China is also the world's largest producer and consumer of most meat products.
China is also the world's largest producer of raw cotton, cloth and cement.
China is also very rich in culture.
China is always opposed to the proliferation of any weapons of mass destruction.
China is always opposed to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
China is always tough and so are the European teams.
China is America s fourth-largest trading partner.
China is among the few nations capable of a nuclear strike on the United States.
China is among the world's largest producers and consumers of animal proteins.
China is among the world's worst abusers of human rights.
China is an active participant in the nuclear problem of South Asia.
China is an adversary and is a serious problem.
China is an aggressor nation, and they re going to build an empire in Asia.
China is an agricultural country.
China is an amazing example.
China is an ancient country but in progress.
China is an ancient country in the world, The north land is a culture garden.
China is an ancient country.
China is an ascending power.
China is an atheist country.
China is an authoritarian state that is becoming ever freer, year by year.
China is an authoritarian state where a legal framework is lacking.
China is an awakening economic giant but an information-age dwarf.
China is an emerging military power, with a small but growing capability to deliver nuclear arms.
China is an emerging power.
China is an emerging superpower.
China is an energy superpower second only to the United States.
China is an English-language newspaper providing timely information on major tourism events.
China is an enigma to the rest of the world.
China is an enormous country, and business procedures vary from one province to another.
China is an enormous market, just awakening.
China is an enormous market.
China is an example of a Communist country.
China is an example of a culture that in general has a deep respect for ancestors.
China is an example of a non-democratic political system and an expanding economic system.
China is an example of Islamic political hypocrisy.
China is an example of the hope associated with that theory.
China is an ex-attorney.
China is an exception.
China is an extreme example.
China is an important and valued customer for American agriculture.
China is an important country in Asia and an important developing country in the world as well.
China is an important country in U.S. foreign policy.
China is an important country to study because one-fifth of the world's people live there.
China is an important force for peace in Asia and in the world at large.
China is an important market for the company's petrochemicals.
China is an important supplier of technologies and equipment for Iran s chemical warfare program.
China is an increasingly important consumer of petrochemicals, according to private observers.
China is an increasingly important player in world affairs, especially in the Asian region.
China is an instructive case.
China is an interesting country for travelling and photographing.
China is an introvert, narcissist society.
China is an issue.
China is an outlaw nation.
China is angry over Haiti's diplomatic links to Taiwan, which Beijing considers a renegade province.
China is another country with a substantial nuclear capability.
China is another frequent target of human rights groups' ire.
China is another land in which periodic famines strike unexpectedly.
China is another major producer.
China is another matter.
China is another possible market.
China is another widely accepted place as the birth-place of kites.
China is anxious to join, but that is unlikely as long as it restricts the free flow of capital.
China is anything but a backward or underdeveloped nation.
China is appreciative of such efforts.
China is Asia's only declared nuclear weapons state, with the world's largest standing army.
China is at a critical junction.
China is at a critical juncture, facing enormous political, economic and social challenges.
China is at a critical juncture.
China is at a crossroads.
China is at an early stage of economic development with a massive amount of surplus labor.
China is at fault.
China IS at the center of the herbal universe .
China is at the end of an era.
China is at the primary stage of a socialist market economy.
China is Australia's fifth largest merchandise trade partner and our seventh largest export market.
China is Australia's fourth largest trading partner.
China is Australia's fourth-largest merchandise trade partner.
China is available at an additional charge.
China is available at an additional cost.
China is aware of the importance of e-commerce.
China is awash in symbolism.
China is back in Cambodia, offering everything from military aid to major investments.
China is back with another show of force to Taiwan.
China is believed to be keen to secure a strategic outlet on the Indian Ocean.
China is believed to be the country of origin, since truly wild forms have been found there.
China is believed to have aided Pakistan's nuclear program.
China is believed to have removed and studied on board equipment.
China is big and stable with a booming economy and growing intercontinental military capabilities.
China is big enough to permit many views.
China is big.
China is blessed with many rivers, most of which flow from west to east and empty into the Pacific.
China is bordered by the Yellow Sea, East China Sea, and the South China Sea.
China is both a developing country and one of the largest economies in the world.
China is both a land of mystery and an archaeological wonder.
China is both blatantly manipulative and deeply moving.
China is both the most populated country in the world and has one of the fastest growing economies.
China is both the opportunity and the threat on their doorstep.
China is bound to create enormous business opportunities for both Chinese and overseas businesses.
China is brought to life in several essays.
China is but one of the many countries in which torture continues with impunity.
China is by far our largest trading partner.
China is by far the fastest-growing market in the world.
China is by far the largest such economy and is unique in many ways.
China is by far the most significant investor.
China is by far the world 's largest user of container transport .
China is by far the world's biggest emerging market .
China is by far the world's largest and most important emerging market.
China is by far the world's largest user of container transport.
China is by no means the only country in Asia with street kids.
China is California's sixth-largest trading partner, just behind Taiwan.
China is carrot king of the world, with the U.S. coming in second in production.
China is central to international efforts to control weapons of mass destruction.
China is central to the joint venture's plans.
China is certain to respond with alarm and hostility to India's tests.
China is certainly an assult on the sences.
China is certainly familiar with our views on the subject.
China is changing, anyone can see that.
China is China.
China is clearly intent on supplanting the United States as the premier power in the region.
China is close to overtaking Japan to become our largest trade deficit partner.
China is closer to getting Taiwan.
China is committed to develop a healthy and stable China-America relationship.
China is committed to developing modern conventional military capabilities.
China is committed to taking an active part in global environmental protection activities.
China is communism politically but in fact China is capitalism economically.
China is communist controlled.
China is communist, and communists have always wanted the same thing.
China is Communist.
China is concerned with Japan's military power.
China is considered a big threat to the United States.
China is considered to be the world's last remaining golden telecom market.
China is crucial to making that case, if only because nearly one of every four people lives there.
China is currently the most common country of origin.
China is currently the sixth largest computer market and the fourth largest computer chip market.
China is currently the sixth largest export market for U.S. agricultural goods.
China is currently the sixth-largest export market for U.S. agricultural goods.
China is currently the world's largest producer and exporter of chestnuts.
China is currently the world's largest producer and exporter of raw silk.
China is currently the world's second largest emitter of carbon dioxide.
China is currently under fire for their human rights abuses in China and Tibet.
China is deeply concerned over the situation.
China is deeply worried about implications of the sale and is lobbying hard against it.
China is defeated by Japan in the Sino-Japanese war wherein China lost Formosa and Korea.
China is definitely a country where it takes time for results to feed through.
China is determined to achieve the status of a great power.
China is determined to hold the trump cards in the air above Taiwan and the seas around it.
China is determined to keep trying.
China Is Determined to Keep Trying.
China is determined to prove the skeptics wrong.
China is different from most countries.
China is different.
China is distant.
China is divided at the present time in the People's Republic of China and Taiwan.
China is dry in some of there rice producing areas.
China is eager for a seat at the negotiating table at the start of that round.
China is easily the highest priority for development of all Asian countries.
China is easily the largest, followed by the United States.
China is easily the worlds leading producer.
China is easy to vilify and usually deserving of vilification.
China is enraged.
China is entirely different.
China is especially sensitive about both Taiwan, which it regards as a rebel province, and Tibet.
China is even no match for Japan, India or South Korea when it comes to defense expenditure.
China is exactly the size of the United States and has four times the population.
China is exceptional too.
China is exceptional.
China is excessively sensitive to issues of national sovereignty.
China is famous for corruption and lawlessness.
China is far away from Latin America.
China is far away.
China is far more dependent on trade with the U.S. than the U.S. is on trade with China.
China is fast emerging as a focal point of Asia from the economic and geopolitical points of view.
China is felt to be the most important growth market in the world for U.S. agricultural exports.
China is filled with myth and legend of the tiger.
China is filled with scenic places and historical sites.
China is firmly against such program.
China is firmly committed to economic reform and opening to the outside world.
China is firmly opposed any form of hegemonism and power politics.
China is flooded with cheap counterfeit software.
China is full of natural wonders.
China is full of treasures, but it is buried under tons of dirt.
China is further behind but has demonstrated increasing sophistication.
China is generations from the kind of openness that accepts complementarity.
China is glazed, whereas bisque is unglazed.
China is good with kids, and knows basic commands such as sit, stay.
China is governed by a communist totalitarian dictatorship.
China is great.
China is guilty of extreme human rights abuses.
China is halfway around the globe.
China is hell-bent on becoming a world power.
China is highly interested in developing friendly and cooperative relations with African countries.
China is high-quality porcelain or ceramic ware, originally made in China.
China is historically aggressive.
China is home of the largest trade union confederation in the world.
China is home to one of the world's most treasured and endangered animals, the giant panda.
China is home to one of the world's oldest and most beautiful musical traditions.
China is home to one out of every five people on earth.
China is home to one-fifth of the world's population.
China is home to some of the oldest artwork in the world.
China is home to some rare and interesting animals.
China is home to the world s longest-surviving civilization.
China is hot again.
China is huge and the landscape is very different from region to region.
China is hungry for technical information.
China is important strategically and politically.
China is in a period of political unrest.
China is in a position to chart a mutually beneficial course for our future relationship.
China is in a similar situation.
China is in a state of turmoil and flurry.
China is in an aggressive expansionary stage.
China is in an historic process of economic and social change and time is an important factor.
China is in between Japan and India.
China is in constant motion.
China is in equilibrium when the people are getting along well enough with the bureaucracy.
China is in fact a threat.
China is in fact already in the process of changing.
China is in for a surprise by the appearance of the first motion pictures.
China is in many respects the embodiment of durability and continuity.
China is in many ways already a rival in East Asia.
China is in second place with nine points from three matches.
China is in the middle of rapid economic transformation, requiring huge amount of energy.
China is in the midst of a booming industrialization process.
China is in the midst of a drug-abuse epidemic in the border province of Yunnan.
China is in the midst of broad social, economic and political change.
China is in the midst of building an economic miracle.
China is in the midst of great growth and change.
China is in the midst of profound political, economic and social changes.
China is in the midst of sweeping economic reforms.
China is in the process of changing their rules and laws.
China is in the question.
China is included.
China is indeed a singular case.
China is indeed guilty of severe human rights abuses.
China is ineluctably and deliberately emerging as a threat to U.S. interests and security.
China is inevitably influential to North Korea.
China is innocent.
China is intensely interested in energy efficiency as well.
China is interested in obtaining the next Olympic Games.
China is interesting to visit.
China is into bulk production and India more into fashion products.
China is involved in flagrant banditry.
China is isolated from other advanced cultures by distance and immense physical barriers.
China is just a loud mouth.
China is just perfect.
China is just too big.
China is just too irresistible a site for production and too tempting a market.
China is keen to capitalise on the internet's economic and propaganda potential.
China is key to continued inter-Korean dialogue.
China is key to the sustained fulfillment of both criteria.
China is known as the home town of tea .
China is known to be developing such capabilities.
China is known to have obtained a top-secret warhead design.
China is known to have supplied nuclear warhead design information to Pakistan years ago.
China is like a hungry tiger.
China is like no other country.
China is like that.
China is likely to be equally wary.
China is likely to conclude that the U.S. only supports arms control when it is convenient.
China is likely to continue importing large amounts of soybeans.
China is likely to surpass Japan to become the single largest source of the U.S. trade deficit.
China is linked to the Arab people through common bonds of friendship.
China is located in about the same latitude as the United States.
China is located in Asia and is the third largest country in the world.
China is located in Asia.
China is located in Central and East Asia.
China is located in eastern Asia and spans more than nine million square kilometers.
China is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
China is low on the list.
China is mass producing all kinds of reproduction - good and bad.
China is merely a 'victim' suffering from the excesses of the industrialized elite.
China is Minnesota's third largest trading partner.
China is more aggressive and is much more prickly in taking offense.
China is more market-oriented than Western Europe, that's for sure.
China is more Mediterranean easy-going, with a readily visible lust for life.
China is much bigger, richer, more powerful militarily, and has much better skill in diplomacy.
China is much constrained by international political and economic pressures.
China is nearer, yet more controversial.
China is nearly polio-free.
China is neither our enemy nor our ally.
China is no better.
China is no different than any other country in matters of the heart.
China is no doubt one of the most biologically diverse nations in the world.
China is no exception.
China is no Iraq.
China is no longer a communist nation, they are as Capitalist as they come.
China is no longer a totalitarian society.
China is no military colossus bestriding Asia.
China is no one to mess with.
China is no regional power, they are traditional imperalists in history.
China is no Soviet Union.
China is no stranger to such notions.
China is no stranger to the drug trade.
China is no threat to the United States, and it won t be one for several decades, if ever.
China is no workers' paradise.
China is North Korea's closest ally and has been prodding Pyongyang to make peace with Seoul.
China is notorious for slave labor and disrespect for individuals and their rights.
China is notoriously rife with corruption.
China is now a very interesting country.
China is now America's fifth largest trading partner.
China is now among the world ' s leaders in biological medical research.
China is now an outsider.
China is now at a critical juncture.
China is now at a turning point.
China is now eighth in the world.
China is now full of old and new creeds.
China is now in an ideological civil war.
China is now in the early stages of a long political campaign.
China is now in the midst of a titanic battle over the flow of information.
China is now no longer self sufficient in basic food supply nor in energy needs.
China is now odd man out.
China is now one of the largest economies in the world, relying mainly on exports.
China is now our commercial partner.
China is now our third largest trading partner and third largest export destination.
China is now ready to open itself to the international community.
China is now Sweden's thirteenth largest export market.
China is now the bank's second largest borrower, after India.
China is now the biggest steel producer in the world.
China is now the fourth-largest PCB market.
China is now the largest export buyer of our soybeans.
China is now the largest export buyer of U.S. soybeans.
China is now the largest exporter to the U.S., surpassing Japan.
China is now the largest international consumer of U.S. soybeans.
China is now the major military supplier to Pakistan.
China is now the only nuclear weapons state with an active testing programme.
China is now the world s third largest economy after the United States and Japan.
China is now the world's fourth biggest consumer of gold, behind India, the United States and Japan.
China is now the world's largest producer of CFCs and halons.
China is occupied by a quarter of all the people in the world.
China is officially an atheist country, but there are four main religions practiced.
China is officially atheist, and Iran is officially Islamic.
China is officially atheist.
China is on a great economic boom with endless vitality.
China is on all our minds.
China is on board.
China is on everybody's worry list.
China is on fast-forward, and the only thing that is certain is change.
China is on the brink of an environmental crisis.
China is on the brink of major change.
China is on the march.
China is on the other side of the planet.
China is once again a nation in turmoil, and in quest for long term stability.
China is one country that is still a country that is really regulated.
China is one example.
China is one fourth of the human race.
China is one of countries where distribution of dinosaur egg is widest.
China is one of deepest places for civilization.
China is one of eight key markets targeted for Minnesota exports.
China is one of our top five trading partners, while investment links have continued to expand .
China is one of the biggest coke-producing countries, making up approx.
China is one of the biggest countries in the world.
China is one of the countries in the world that is rich in energy resources.
China is one of the countries with largest number of wildlife species.
China is one of the countries with the largest grasslands in the world.
China is one of the cradles of world civilization.
China is one of the earliest civilizations in the world.
China is one of the earliest countries to use cats.
China is one of the fastest growing GSM markets in the world.
China is one of the fastest growing telecommunications markets in the world.
China is one of the fastest-growing markets in the world for American industrial goods and services.
China is one of the few major economies which is outside the system of world trade rules.
China is one of the few remaining Communist countries in the world.
China is one of the first countries to have invented it.
China is one of the five permanent members of the council.
China is one of the great powers of the world.
China is one of the last remaining allies of North Korea.
China is one of the last untapped world-television markets.
China is one of the main producers of tea, and it remains China's national drink.
China is one of the most dynamic and rapidly evolving markets in the world.
China is one of the most exciting emerging business markets.
China is one of the most outspoken opponents of the U.S. plan.
China is one of the most polluted countries in the world.
China is one of the most repressive countries in the world .
China is one of the oldest country in the world.
China is one of the persecuting countries listed in the report.
China is one of the richest countries in the world in terms of biodiversity.
China is one of the two oldest surviving civilizations in the world today.
China is one of the United States's fastest-growing export markets.
China is one of the world s fastest growing economies.
China is one of the world s main producers of small bamboo processing machines.
China is one of the world's fastest growing economies.
China is one of the world's great civilizations, rich in history and culture.
China is one of the world's great powers and one of the world's fastest growing economies.
China is one of the world's largest users of forced labor and most sweatshop workers are women .
China is one of the world's leading, low- cost manufacturers of containers.
China is one of the world's major mineral-producing countries.
China is one of the world's worst human rights violators, on the same level as Burma and Libya.
China is one reason.
China is one, the Philippines is another.
China is only at the beginning of the transition to a digital economy.
China is open to the outside world, and the government gives a lot more freedom to people.
China is open.
China is opposed to such flights, however.
China is opposed to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
China is opposed to the sale.
China is opposed to the U.S. arms package.
China is our adversary.
China is our biggest and most important neighbour.
China is our chief competitor.
China is our fastest growing export market.
China is our fifteenth largest destination for U.S. exports.
China is our focus and specialty.
China is our fourth largest trading partner, right behind Japan, Canada and Mexico.
China is our fourth largest trading partner.
China is our friend.
China is our good friend and trading partner now.
China is our largest wool market and a major supplier of clothing.
China is our most important relationship on all levels, strategic and economic.
China is our natural customer.
China is our single largest supplier of imported textiles and apparel.
China is our sixth largest trading partner, and there is extensive investment in both directions.
China is our sole focus and specialty.
China is outside any of the groups, and often refers to itself as the 'group of one'.
China is outside the play pen, crying to be let in while throwing rice cakes at the other kids.
China is Pakistan's key supplier of weapons and a strong ally.
China is part of that process and scarcity in China always has political consequences.
China is part of the international community and of an increasinly interlinked world economy.
China is particularly interested in preventing the collapse of North Korea.
China is particularly interesting.
China is particularly rich in duck genetic resources.
China is patient.
China is plugged into our socket.
China is poised to become a force in both East Asia and the world.
China is poor, maybe, but Chinese is mentally rich because they are happy to have enough.
China is potentially the greatest rogue nation on earth.
China is primarily concerned about sovereignty.
China is primarily concerned with the Mediterranean and Caribbean fruit flies.
China is probably has more aquaculture operations than any other country.
China is probably the best example.
China is probably the most challenging assignment that the global marketplace has to offer.
China is probably the most interesting place in Asia.
China is probably where they'll hold the next World Cup.
China is propped up by strong overseas investment and a fast rate of restructuring.
China is quite capable of committing aggression under the right circumstances.
China is ranked first, followed by the Russia, and North Korea.
China is ranked number one.
China is ranked second by both publics as a likely military threat in the future.
China is ready for as many phones as can be found.
China is ready to continue such cooperation on equal and reciprocal basis.
China is red.
China is regarded as a possible danger by a large slice of American voters.
China is regarded as one of the largest Internet growth markets.
China is regularly in the news.
China is replete with chastening lessons for amusement-park operators.
China is reported to be setting up a reserve for the threatened Siberian tiger.
China is reported to have promised to set up a formal, transparent export control system.
China is reportedly in the top ten nations in industrial output.
China is resolutely opposed to illegal emigration.
China is responsible for more than two-thirds of the total.
China is responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers in Korea.
China is rich in dinosaur fossils.
China is rich in inland waters.
China is rich in mineral resources, and all the world's known minerals can be found here.
China is rich in minerals.
China is rich in natural resources.
China is rich in new and renewable energy resources.
China is richer, more powerful and more confident than it has been in the last two centuries.
China is right to be concerned.
China is roughly the same size as the United States, but it's home to about one billion more people.
China is ruled by a communist government.
China is run by an aging regime seeking to preserve power while modernizing the country.
China is said to have supplied Pakistan with enriched uranium and a bomb design.
China is said to have thousands of qigong groups.
China is satisfied with ancient teaching only.
China is satisfied with that.
China is satisfied with the current Sino-Vietnamese relations.
China is satisfied with the growth of bilateral ties.
China is second only to the United States in carbon dioxide emissions.
China is second only to the United States in total corn output.
China is seen as a high priority.
China is seen as a rising power with a grudge against the international system.
China is seen as having vast potential for new Internet users.
China is seen by many as the region's growing global superpower.
China is self-sufficient in oil and is developing a petrochemicals industry.
China is seriously concerned and disturbed.
China is significant in the world today for two main reasons.
China is simple white, perfect for various foods, which are always attractively presented.
China is simultaneously as fascinating as frustrating country.
China is Singapore s leading supplier of cabbage, followed by Malaysia, Taiwan, and Vietnam.
China is situated in eastern Asia, bounded by the Pacific in the east.
China is situated in Eastern Asia.
China is situated in the eastern part of Asia on the west coast of the Pacific Ocean.
China is so big.
China is so crowded and there are few places at the university.
China is so interesting a country - very historic, very large and with many people.
China is so noisy compared to Finland.
China is so vast that it seems more a collection of countries than a single destination.
China is something everyone's mother has.
China is state-capitalist.
China is still a communist country.
China is still a communist regime.
China is still a communist state.
China is still a long way from being a candidate that can even half-plausibly play such a role.
China is still a long way from fielding a blue-water navy capable of countering the United States.
China is still a show-stopper for balloon flights.
China is still a very poor country by any measure.
China is still a very poor country, and starvation is still a big problem.
China is still a very poor country.
China is still a workers' state.
China is still able to control the situation at the moment.
China is still an bicycle society moving up to motor scooters.
China is still full of obstacles to free trade.
China is still in economic trouble.
China is still in the process of becoming a market economy.
China is still neutral.
China is still one of the world leaders in the tea industry today.
China is still predominantly an agricultural country.
China is still somewhat difficult for the small business owner.
China is still the largest communist country in the world.
China is still under communist rule.
China is still very much an emerging market.
China is still willing to continue the negotiations on a balanced and package basis in the future.
China is strongly dissatisfied with and indignant at the Japanese action.
China is strongly opposed to the program, as is Russia.
China is such a big country.
China is such a big market.
China is such a country.
China is such a nation, a nation whose techniques are undeveloped and whose communications are poor.
China is supposed to be a country steeped in a rich civilization.
China is supposed to finish the job from the east.
China is suspected of being the largest producer.
China is suspected of developing a sophisticated nuclear arsenal based on stolen technology.
China is technologically much inferior to the other developed states.
China is Thailand's fourth-largest trading partner.
China is the bank's holy grail.
China is the bank's largest borrower.
China is the big growth area for pesticide manufacturing.
China is the big unknown in the Far East.
China is the biggest consumer and producer of coal in the world but has an abysmal safety record.
China is the biggest consumer, producer and exporter of chopsticks.
China is the biggest destination for Japanese direct investment among Asian countries.
China is the biggest developing country while the United States is the biggest developed country.
China is the biggest large investor in Mongolia.
China is the biggest maker of tin.
China is the biggest market in the world.
China is the biggest producer and consumer of coal in the world.
China is the biggest producer and consumer of rice in the world.
China is the biggest question mark in the security question.
China is the biggest recipient of Japan's foreign aid.
China is the birth place of the dragon and Chinese people is the offspring of dragon.
China is the birthplace of acupuncture.
China is the center of diversity for roses.
China is the centre of diversity for roses.
China is the champ in the low wage sweepstakes.
China is the chicken producers' next best hope.
China is the chief exporting country, followed by Chile and Mexico.
China is the complete opposite.
China is the counter example.
China is the country in the world with the widest coverage in both longitude and latitude.
China is the country of origin of the fantastic trees.
China is the country with rich biodiversity.
China is the country with the largest yield of rice and rich species.
China is the current world champion and the favorite to take home the gold in Sydney.
China is the dominant producer, followed by India, the Philippines and Indonesia.
China is the earliest user of geothermal energy in the world, specially for medical treatments.
China is the Empire of the Middle.
China is the exception to the boy surplus, however.
China is the fastest growing consumer market in the world.
China is the fifth-largest export destination of products leaving Australia.
China is the final huge zone of strategic uncertainty.
China is the first country in the world that discovered the use of silk.
China is the first country to grow, produce and drink tea.
China is the fourth largest country in terms of size and the largest in terms of population.
China is the fourth largest trading partner of the United States.
China is the fourth-highest nation receiving U.S. exports.
China is the fourth-largest land mass in the world, behind Russia, Canada and the United States.
China is the government most likely to dissent.
China is the great cocoon for the birth of the new archetype.
China is the greatest consumer in the world.
China is the greatest manufacturer of squashes in the world.
China is the Greece and Rome of East Asia.
China is the home of chinaware, porcelain being produced in both the south and north.
China is the homeland of tea.
China is the homeland of the chrysanthemums, popular for ages.
China is the injured party.
China is the isolated country's strongest ally.
China is the key to any multilateral effort.
China is the land of one billion people.
China is the largest buyer of U.S. soybeans.
China is the largest consumer of oil outside of the United States.
China is the largest country in Asia.
China is the largest country in East Asia.
China is the largest country in the world in terms of population.
China is the largest developing country and boasts a huge market potential.
China is the largest developing country and the United States the biggest developed country.
China is the largest developing country and the United States the largest developed country.
China is the largest developing country in the world.
China is the largest developing market in the world in terms of untapped demand for cars.
China is the largest importer of teak logs from Burma, with Thailand the second largest.
China is the largest legume-consuming country in the world.
China is the largest market in the world and holds great trading potential for the United States.
China is the largest nation in the world.
China is the largest producer of coal in the world.
China is the largest producer of pork and poultry.
China is the largest producer.
China is the largest producing country in the world.
China is the largest purchaser of Australian debt.
China is the largest tobacco market in the world.
China is the last country studied.
China is the last holdout.
China is the last major untapped market for American agriculture.
China is the latest recipient of the free trade nod.
China is the leading contender to stage the summer games.
China is the leading contributor to world fisheries production.
China is the leading producer and exporter of industrial fasteners in the world.
China is the main importer of the gum.
China is the main overseas market, and the company sees a promising outlook for sales in Europe.
China is the main supplier of cassia oil to the United States, followed by Japan.
China is the major importer of linseed oil, the majority of which is used for industrial purposes.
China is the major military aid donor to Bangladesh.
China is the major part of that offensive.
China is the major producer of cashmere.
China is the most advanced.
China is the most difficult and complex challenge currently faced by U.S. foreign policy.
China is the most important producer of graphite in the world.
China is the most obvious example.
China is the most populated country in the world.
China is the most populated nation on the face of the Earth.
China is the most populous country in the world, and the use of computers there is growing rapidly.
China is the most populous country in the world.
China is the most populous country, and Japan is our second largest trading partner.
China is the most populous developing country in the world.
China is the most preferred tourist destination for Macau travellers.
China is the most prominent proponent of a narrow interpretation of confidentiality rules.
China is the most prominent.
China is the most rapidly growing among the top ten U.S. export markets.
China is the most recent and disturbing situation which needs prayer.
China is the most striking example.
China is the native home of the giant pandas.
China is the now the world's biggest exporter of chili peppers, followed by Mexico and India.
China is the odds-on favorite to become the dominant wind power market in the next decade.
China is the oldest continuous civilization in the world and was for centuries the most advanced.
China is the only country in the world that has wild pandas.
China is the only country in the world where more suicides are reported for women than for men.
China is the only country in the world where women commit suicide at a higher rate than men.
China is the only country in which more women than men kill themselves, and by a huge margin.
China is the only country with substantial experience in farming medicinal plants.
China is the only country, apart from India, where the FDI inflows have grown continuously.
China is the only major country currently undertaking a significant military expansion.
China is the only nuclear power which has upheld the demand for universal nuclear disarmament.
China is the only nuclear state in the world that has made and abided by such commitments.
China is the only other place in the world that can boast such thick deposits.
China is the only other place in the world with significant silt-formed hills.
China is the only participant utilizing the subscription service to date.
China is the only remaining major communist ally of North Korea.
China is the originator of pharmaceutical products using natural materials.
China is the place of the future.
China is the preeminent case in point.
China is the problem, because it stubbornly refuses to accept Taiwan as a friendly neighbor.
China is the problem.
China is the richest country in the world, without any other.
China is the second largest exporter, loosing first place to Argentina since two years ago.
China is the second-biggest producer of greenhouse gases, after the United States.
China is the second-largest market in the world for cellphones.
China is the sixth largest market for American agricultural products.
China is the sixth-largest market in the world for American agricultural products.
China is the sole nuclear weapons state that has made and strictly observed such commitment.
China is the source of most of the green tea imported into the United States.
China is the source of our second largest trade deficit, following Japan.
China is the source of the second-largest U.S. trade deficit, after Japan.
China is the strongest non-democratic nation in the world.
China is the sweet girl with the pink nose.
China is the tenth largest export market for U.S. small businesses.
China is the third largest country in territory, next to Canada and Russia.
China is the third largest country in the world.
China is the third largest growth market for small business exporters.
China is the third-largest military power in the world.
China is the United States' fourth-biggest trading partner.
China is the victim.
China is the workshop's emphasis.
China is the world leader in producing the components.
China is the world s fastest growing telecommunications market.
China is the world s largest exporter of sesame seeds and continues to increase exports.
China is the world s major producer of cotton.
China is the world's biggest market that remains relatively untapped by Western commerce.
China is the world's biggest telecoms market at the moment.
China is the world's fastest growing telecommunications market.
China is the world's foremost purchaser of Russian weapons and military equipment.
China is the world's largest barite producer, accounting for about a third of total production.
China is the world's largest cell-phone market.
China is the world's largest cellular market.
China is the world's largest coal producer.
China is the world's largest Communist country.
China is the world's largest edible mushroom producer.
China is the world's largest exporter of fur clothing.
China is the world's largest importer of vegetable oil, mostly soyoil and palm oil.
China is the world's largest market for small wind turbines.
China is the world's largest market for soybeans and the second-largest market for U.S. poultry.
China is the world's largest producer of coal and natural graphite.
China is the world's largest producer of flaxseed.
China is the world's largest producer of fluorspar ore.
China is the world's largest producer of ozone-depleting substances.
China is the world's largest producer of rice, and a major producer of cereals and grain.
China is the world's largest producer of salt.
China is the world's largest producer, followed by the USA, India, Brazil and Turkey.
China is the world's largest rice producer and cotton consumer, and has a burgeoning soybean market.
China is the world's largest shoe maker and exporter.
China is the world's largest source of coal.
China is the world's largest supplier of walnuts.
China is the world's largest untapped market for Florida agricultural products.
China is the world's largest wheat producing and largest wheat consuming nation.
China is the world's leading emitter of sulfur, according to a recent study.
China is the world's most populous country.
China is the world's most populous nation.
China is the world's number one steel- producing nation.
China is the world's oldest continuous civilization.
China is the world's second largest cotton producer.
China is the world's second largest emitter of greenhouse gases, relying heavily on coal.
China is the world's second largest producer of greenhouse gases.
China is the world's second-largest cotton producer.
China is the world's second-largest energy consumer.
China is the world's second-worst offender.
China is the world's single largest producer of sports equipment.
China is the world's third largest market.
China is the world's third largest oil consumer after the United States and Japan.
China is the world's third largest wood importer.
China is the world's top producer of corn, pigs, chickens , and several other commodities.
China is the world's worst proliferator of ballistic missiles and nuclear and chemical weapons.
China is their number one client.
China is their only way out.
China is their primary market.
China is their shining star.
China is thought to be different.
China is thought to be the originator of the cane seat going back several thousand years.
China is thought to have been the initiator of block printing.
China is thought to have plans for at least four more nuclear tests.
China is thus likely to invest in a more robust nuclear triad.
China is to adopt execution by lethal injection throughout the country.
China is to lower or eliminate barriers to U.S. commodities, goods and services.
China is to the east of Israel.
China is to the north and Laos and Cambodia are to the west.
China is to the north and Laos and Cambodia to the west.
China is today no democracy.
China is today one of the world's largest producer of electronic consumer products.
China is today our second largest trading partner in Asia.
China is too big a market for a total boycott.
China is too big, too populous and too dynamic to ignore.
China is too big.
China is too poor.
China is too vast and varied a country to market to as a whole.
China is traditionally strong in agriculture industry in the world.
China is treasury of musical sand.
China is tremendously vast in territory and strikingly diverse in meteorology and biogeography.
China is twenty-five percent.
China is typical of newly opening markets.
China is unable to show that it has legally acquired title to Tibet since the forceful annexation.
China is understood to have an active programme to develop theremote-control espionage craft.
China is undisputed world champion of the death penalty.
China is unhappy with the bill.
China is unique.
China is uniquely qualified to host the Olympic Games.
China is unlikely to gain from the stand-off.
China is used daily.
China is usually happy to accept foreigners' investment dollars at first.
China is usually the favourite, but they meet tough competition from a number of countries.
China is vast in territory and rich in natural 'resources.
China is vastly more populous and the potential market much more significant.
China is vehemently opposed to the tribunal being established.
China is very clear that it is against military alliances.
China is very competitive.
China is very concerned.
China is very different from Eastern Europe.
China is very good at departmentalizing.
China is very interesting and very different.
China is very strict.
China is very strong in coal and hydroelectricity.
China is very very crowded and their population control measures are under fire.
China is very vocal in that regard, as are a number of other Asian countries.
China is viewed by most investment advisers and fund managers as an emerging market.
China is viewed in a variety of ways, all with some degree of accuracy.
China is vital to world peace.
China is weak in developing and industrializing new materials made from nickel and cobalt.
China is wealthy in natural resources and has huge reserves of coal, oil, gas, and iron.
China is well known to have a one child per family policy.
China is well on the road to prosperity.
China is willing to be the first to sign the protocol when it is opened for signature.
China is willing to work with all participants to make the meeting a success.
China is without question potentially the largest agricultural market in the world.
China is wonderous and awe-inspiring.
China is worse.
China is years away from being able to invade Taiwan.
China is, after all, a developing country, and building an economic powerhouse is no easy task.
China is, after all, one of the world's last surviving communist bastions.
China is, already, very much in the globalization game.
China is, at the moment, threatening to attack the United States with nuclear weapons.
China is, for the most part, reliant on a Soviet era military outfitted with rusting equipment.
China is, however, preparing to become a major exporter of tobacco.
China is, on the face of it, trying to rope in India.
China isa porcelain.
China issues new nuclear export control regulations.
China issues the world's first paper currency.
China joins system with multiple hotels.
China just needs to get over it.
China keeps a close watch on the Internet and has set up special task forces to monitor the system.
China keeps a list of unwanted exiles and politically active foreigners.
China keeps close links with Yugoslavia.
China keeps nationwide execution figures a secret and the condemned in China are generally shot.
China keeps nationwide execution figures a secret.
China kicks a coin-operated, sightseeing, binocular stand.
China knows all about it.
China knows how to miniaturize warheads and deploy several at a time from a single missile.
China knows it.
China knows our dirtiest little secret.
China knows that what it did in Cambodia was pure evil and uncivilized.
China knows the name of the game, lets deal honestly with that country.
China lack true democratic rights.
China lacks a national refrigerated distribution network outside of the large cities and ports.
China lacks abundant electronic publishing professionals.
China lacks both long-ranged air cover for an invasion, and sufficient amphibious capability.
China lacks cobalt resources, without independent deposits of cobalt minerals.
China lacks enough mechanics, artists and managers for creating electronic publications.
China lacks organic growth.
China lacks strong political and economic institutions.
China lacks sufficient landing craft to carry the required force.
China lacks sufficient landing craft.
China lacks the post-harvest technology to extend the shelf life of locally produced citrus.
China lags far behind in urban transportation development.
China lauds Egypt s agricultural efforts.
China leading travel agency offers various China tours itinerary with price listings.
China leads the latter field since it is driven by internal needs.
China leads the way as a practitioner of capital punishment.
China leads the world in biomass consumption.
China leads the world in judicial executions.
China learns that the victim was an avid rose collector.
China leaves an indelible mark on all who go there.
China letters about having one child.
China lies in four AEZs, all of which are subtropical and include some temperate areas.
China lies largely at the same latitudes as the United States.
China lies mainly in the northern temperate zone under the influence of monsoon.
China lies to the north, Laos and Cambodia to the west, and the South China Sea to the east.
China likely has too.
China look to be locks to go through to the final round of qualifying.
China Looks at the Asia-Pacific Region.
China looks more like Russia than Poland or the Czech Republic.
China looms large in America's strategic calculations.
China looms large.
China looms over the land as a constant invasive threat.
China Loosens Up .
China loses and the United States gains.
China loses hundreds of men in fierce hand to hand combat.
China loses influence in Japan and Korea.
China loses much land to erosion, desertification, and urbanization each year.
China loves exhibitions.
China loves peace and freedom.
China loves peace and needs to develop itself in a peaceful environment.
China mainly imports chemical fertilizer, gmarble, steel and vessels from Greece.
China mainly imports wool from Uruguay, and is the largest wool buyers of it.
China maintains a one-party state that tolerates no organized opposition.
China maintains an occupation army in Tibet of at least a quarter million strong.
China maintains Japan plundered the resources there on a vast scale.
China maintains the nuclear weapons capability to destroy Taiwan.
China maintains the rapid growth rates it has achieved over the past decade.
China makes a lot of amplifiers, some good, most bad.
China makes an excellent setting for a thriller.
China makes half of all toys sold in the United States.
China makes the most bismuth.
China makes the most cadmium.
China makes the same prediction.
China makes up for about twenty percent of the world s population.
China mandates abortion and infanticide after one child.
China manufactures goods for the world - for Africa, for America, for India.
China maps China.
China marches in and everyone is Chinese.
China marketcorporate identity programs.
China massacres dissenters, and yet is granted favored nation status.
China matters about as much as Brazil for the global economy.
China meets Brazil.
China merges four universities into one in a bid to raise educational standards.
China move over.
China needs a clear and coherent natural gas policy.
China needs a gold medal.
China needs a prolonged period of stability so that it can continue to focus on economic growth.
China needs a resurgence of Taiwan investment, which has fallen sharply.
China needs a secure, reliable source of oil.
China needs a Western-style legal system, for one thing.
China needs affordable housing in the coming years.
China needs capital.
China needs cutting down to size.
China needs electrical generating capabilities.
China needs food, and America has long been the world's breadbasket.
China needs human rights, democracy and the rule of law.
China needs human rights, democracy, and the rule of law.
China needs intelligent buildings and the market is heartening.
China needs Japan.
China needs Japanese investment.
China needs Mexico's approval to enter the group that sets the rules for world trade.
China needs modernization.
China needs political reforms and legal establishment.
China needs quality if it wants to produce for export and grow.
China needs Taiwan's manufacturing prowess and understanding of high technology markets.
China needs technology and controls money.
China needs that.
China needs the outlet.
China needs the same.
China needs the world and the world also needs China.
China needs to allow more frequent and easier access to the crew.
China needs to be involved and integrated into the emerging regional security community.
China needs to be strong, control population.
China needs to change the way it does business to ensure sustained growth.
China needs to develop secure petroleum reserves.
China needs to do much more, Washington says, to decrease greenhouse gas emissions.
China needs to do the same.
China needs to gain that kind of consciousness about what it's doing.
China needs to know where it stands in the world.
China needs to make capital and labor more productive.
China needs to offer something as a gesture to human rights and to religious persecution.
China needs to re-start the stalled talks.
China needs to worry.
China needs Western trade and investment.
China never is an ideal place to host the game.
China never puts their finger into any country's internal affairs, including Cambodia.
China now accounts for our largest group of immigrants each year.
China now appears to pose a very real threat to the United States.
China now boasts the world's seventh largest economy - nearly the same size as the UK and Italy.
China now enjoys a higher international status in the world.
China now has a more unequal distribution of wealth than the United States has.
China now has America's most advanced nuclear warhead design.
China now has an abortion clinic on wheels.
China now has bases of action in the Western Hemisphere.
China now has firsthand knowledge of the damage in both New York and Chicago.
China now has many more top flight judges and sound judicial organizations than before.
China now has more than five million young athletes.
China now has normal trade relations subject to annual review.
China now has six reactors under construction and plans to build four more.
China now has snazzier missiles.
China now has something quite close to a modern financial system.
China now has the basic framework for legal protection of intellectual property rights.
China now has the world's biggest population.
China now has two nuclear power plants in service and four under construction.
China now has two postal airlines, from Beijing to Shanghai and from Guangzhou to Shanghai.
China Now is a constantly growing essay on life in China.
China now is a party to all of the leading nonproliferation agreements.
China now is reasonably open to the Internet and other means of communication.
China now leads the world in the dubious distinction of most sulfur emissions produced in a country.
China now manufactures practically everything.
China now operates as a capitalist-oriented economy inside a totalitarian Communist shell.
China now possesses the world's largest number of cable TV viewers .
China now prohibits foreign investment in telecommunications.
China now ranks as the second largest cell phone market after the United States.
China now ranks fifth in the world in terms of diamond consumption.
China now ranks third in the world in hydroelectric power.
China now requires that all imported chemical products be registered.
China now threatens Russia geopolitically.
China now walks a tightrope on the world trade stage.
China objects to the smallest signs of third-party support for Taiwan.
China observes few public holidays.
China occupies an important place in our nation's foreign policy.
China offers a huge, untapped market for the Olympic movement.
China offers a telling example.
China offers a unique business challenge.
China offers all four in one fell swoop.
China offers an array of awe-inspiring tours and excursions.
China offers chip makers a number of advantages.
China offers Murdoch TV deal Links to more Business stories are at the foot of the page.
China offers one of the world's greatest travel experiences.
China offers political talks with Taiwan as soon as possible and says there are no preconditions.
China offers some insights about how major economies evolve into modern post-industrial systems.
China only accepts heat treatment.
China opens to developed countries as well as to developing countries.
China operates a one-child policy which has earned it praise and vitriol in almost equal measure.
China opposes all weapons sales from the U.S. to Taiwan.
China opposes the arms race in outer space.
China opposes the arms race in outer spaoe.
China opposes the development of anti-satellite weapons.
China opposes the sale of crucial weapons to Taiwan for three reasons.
China ought to be a big target, for sure.
China outpaces India in practically all departments.
China outsources teacher training to New Zealand.
China overtakes the U.S. in gross national product to become the world's largest economy.
China perceives itself as a victim of Japan and the Western powers.
China permits no news media in Tibet.
China personifies the disrespect for life and wanton use of power to effect radical social change.
China plans a show of force Military options are under review, officials say.
China plans first manned mission next year .
China plans lunar landing, Mars expedition .
China plans superhighway controls.
China plans to assemble and eventually manufacture the missile.
China plans to build two entirely new classes of nuclear submarines.
China plans to complete the project in six years.
China plans to complete the whole project in six years.
China plans to open up the insurance market with caution.
China plans to tax commercial transactions made over the Internet.
China plays a critical role with respect to the above-mentioned three dimensions of energy security.
China plays an important part in Marijuana's history.
China plays down concern over anti-Chinese violence in Indonesia.
China Plays the Market.
China poses a formidable threat to the likes of the mighty Philippines.
China poses a significant military threat to the island.
China poses a special risk for viruses.
China poses the greatest espionage threat to Canada, police and federal immigration officials say.
China possesses a remarkably diverse landscape.
China possesses ballistic missiles, including ones capable of reaching the United States.
China possesses nuclear weapons and intercontinental missile capability.
China prefers a multilateral approach that is oriented toward discussion without commitment.
China prefers to use the word 'hegemony'.
China prepares to streamline the government.
China presents a different challenge.
China presents a unique opportunity.
China presents both tremendous challenges and important opportunities.
China presents many challenges to companies wishing to access the market there.
China presents no threat to any country, at all.
China presents the most salient problem.
China presents the same dangers on a reduced level.
China presents the visitor with a study in contrasts.
China prints money in three colors to thwart counterfeiters.
China prizes peace, stability, and economic development above all else.
China produces a gradually increasing anaemia, with great pallor and weakness.
China produces and consumes the most antibiotics of all countries.
China produces and legally exports potassium permanganate, which can be used in cocaine production.
China produces eighteen million tonnes .
China produces eighteen million tonnes.
China produces four times as much tobacco as the next largest producer, the United States.
China produces huge surpluses of corn, rice, cotton, tobacco and wheat.
China produces limited quantities of opium, mostly for domestic consumption.
China produces liquor, beer, wine, yellow wine, and fruit wine.
China produces more cigarettes than any other country.
China produces more greenhouse gases than every country except the United States.
China produces more than half the world's pork.
China produces most of the world's opium and heroin.
China produces most of the world's silk with Turkey being eleventh.
China produces only clothing and no food.
China produces the most blendable grade.
China proposes tough new measures to crack down on doping in athletics.
China prosecutes gays and lesbians under hooliganism laws.
China proves once again it is a world leader in the international arena.
China provides a contrast to both keynotes.
China provides a curious contrast to Rome.
China provides a number of market access and other challenges.
China provides about a quarter of all official Burmese imports.
China provides perhaps the clearest example of why GDP can be a misleading macroeconomic data point.
China provides some sharp relief to the general story of decline.
China provides the death penalty for embezzlement, car theft and political intractability.
China pursues a defense policy that is defensive in nature.
China pursues an independent foreign policy of peace.
China puts a widow and a surviving pilot on the air and a country demands an apology.
China raises more rabbits for food than any other country.
China ranks as one of the highest markets in Asia in terms of online shopping concerns.
China ranks as the world's least transparent market.
China ranks the fourth on the tallies of medals at the last three Olympic Games respectively.
China readies for war.
China receives attention for using prison labor as slave labor.
China receives the most books.
China recognizes definitely the full and complete independence and autonomy of Korea.
China refers to China s power which during historical times extended into Vietnam.
China reforms enough for the two to agree to unify peacefully.
China refuses consular contact.
China refuses to offer any concessions to USA on spy plane.
China regards neighbouring Taiwan as a renegade state.
China regards Taiwan as a renegade breakaway province.
China regards Taiwan as a renegade province that is part of mainland China.
China regards Taiwan as a renegade province to be reclaimed by force if necessary.
China regards Taiwan as a renegade province, determined to resist reunification.
China regards Taiwan as a renegade province.
China regards the island as a breakaway province.
China regards the self-governing island of Taiwan as part of China.
China regards U.S. arms control efforts as being one-sided.
China regularly fails to abide by standards of good citizenship in the community of nations.
China reiterates family planning.
China rejects our objections as Western claptrap, so much wind.
China rejects the request.
China releases ethnological information.
China releases four of nine dissidents detained for trying to set up an opposition party.
China releases two American prisoners.
China relies more heavily on coal as a source of energy than any other country in the world.
China remains a believer in the efficacy of raw power politics.
China remains a one-party, authoritarian state.
China remains a potential key influence on corn as well as soybean prices.
China remains a power in a wide range of sports.
China remains a state planned economy.
China remains a traditional security concern.
China remains an unabashedly communist regime.
China remains concerned about Delhi's nuclear capacity.
China remains far ahead of Taiwan in undersea strength.
China remains one of earth's most repressive nations.
China remains one of the more under-screened markets in the world.
China remains politically repressive and harsh towards dissent.
China remains stable and strong if many flies come in.
China remains stable.
China remains the grand prize for the U.S. nuclear industry.
China remains the key player in the world oil market.
China remains the only state with a public policy in place of no first use.
China remains the second most popular country for foreign investors behind the United States.
China remains the world's biggest producer with India following as a close second.
China remains third world yet it has had been fully governed for thousands of years.
China remains trapped in intellectual insularity.
China remains unreconciled to India's nuclear status.
China reportedly provides Pakistan with a bomb design.
China represents a market of almost unlimited potential.
China represents a staggering market opportunity for video games.
China represents a tremendous market for our products.
China represents an agriculture market that is vital to the success of U.S. farmers and ranchers.
China represents both an economic and human rights challenge for the United States.
China represents Canada's largest export market for Canadian milling wheat.
China represents HUGE potential.
China represents the biggest market in the world.
China represents the second largest growth market in North East Asia.
China represents the single largest energy market for power generation equipment in the world.
China represents the tenth largest export market for U.S. small businesses.
China represses any attempt to create independent unions and imprisons labor leaders.
China represses any attempt to form independent trade unions.
China requires all ISPs and Internet users to register with the authorities.
China requires all religious groups to register with the communist-controlled state.
China requires an entry visa and a passport valid for the full duration of stay.
China requires at least three years of college experience.
China requires Internet users to register or face imprisonment.
China requires patience, flexibility and humour.
China requires quality licenses for manufacturing goods before granting import approval.
China requires that at least one parent travel.
China requires that such persons travel on Chinese documentation.
China resents the role of the United States in the Asia-Pacific region.
China reserves the complete right to take further actions.
China resolutely opposes any attempts to poke nose into other nations' domestic affairs.
China respects the choice of the Yugoslavian people and the results of the presidential election.
China responds with a formal protest .
China restarts imports of South Korean polyethylene.
China restricts encryption products and has restricted access to overseas news sites.
China routinely blocks the Web sites of certain overseas news organisations.
China routinely suppresses Tibetan calls for independence and greater freedoms.
China routinely tramples human rights and religious liberty.
China runs a trade deficit with the rest of the world.
China runs agricultural trade surplus with the United States.
China runs bilateral surpluses with Japan and Europe for the same reason.
China runs huge annual trade deficits against the United States.
China runs state affairs according to law.
China s a real confidence-booster.
China says despite tremendous efforts, it's still confronted by extensive female illiteracy.
China says do that.
China says it allows religious freedom, but it restricts religious practice.
China says it already has begun discussions with Russia on how to overcome the system.
China says it already has the technology to build small space laboratories staffed by robots.
China says it has evidence the plane landed in violation of international and Chinese laws.
China says it intends to use the upcoming talks to raise objections to U.S. surveillance flights.
China says it is aware of the grave challenges it faces in the field of population and development.
China says it is cracking down on CD and video bootleggers.
China says it is putting the money toward preservation of pandas in the wild in China.
China says it is ready to hold talks on a plan by the U.S. to develop a new missile defense system.
China says it is worried about the military coup in Pakistan.
China says it is.
China says it prefers a candidate from a developing nation.
China says it reserves the right to pursue the matter.
China says it supports human rights.
China says it vehemently opposes both measures.
China says it, too, needs land mines for defensive purposes.
China says the incident happened when the American plane rammed the Chinese jet.
China says the pilot is still missing.
China says the plane has no immunity under international law.
China says the plane violated Chinese air space and sovereignty.
China says the plane violated Chinese airspace and sovereignty.
China says the sale violates U.S. commitments to limit arms sales.
China says the U.S. plane caused the accident, and the United States finds that hard to believe.
China says three slammed into the compound.
China says Washington exaggerates the North Korean missile threat.
China searches for human-like creatures.
China seeks overseas expertise to boost logistics.
China seeks to establish ties with the.
China seeks to gain a relationship of political parity and comity with Japan and the United States.
China seems a dream.
China seems a very poor country for visiting birder.
China seems to be good at turning on or off surges of public anti-American sentiment.
China seems to be looking everywhere for our secrets.
China seems to be sagging, too.
China seems to be sweeping everything.
China sees for itself a bipolar role globally and a unipolar role regionally.
China sees foreign trade as means to achieving world power status along mercantilist paths.
China sees itself both as an emerging gas market and a land bridge for regional gas distribution.
China sees Taiwan as little more than a rebellious province.
China sees Taiwan slipping further and further away.
China sees the U.S. network of alliances and commitments in the region as inconvenient.
China sees the United States more as a potential partner than Russia or Japan.
China send a shoe postcard Kenya .
China serves as a case study in the anthropological analysis of a complex non-Western society.
China sets new conditions to legal allow for an easier invasion of Taiwan.
China shoulders the cost of environmental change.
China shows every year.
China sides with Pakistan.
China simply is too cheap for companies to consider sourcing low-end manufacturing elsewhere.
China sincerely wishes Russia better development.
China sources online.
China spends less on Oregon products than even Egypt.
China spends too little on science and technology, a key basis of military strength.
China sportswear,China skiwear,China sweatshirt,China joggingsuits,China rainwear,national costume.
China spotlights the cause of Chinese dissidents.
China stages military exercise near Taiwan.
China stands for the complete prohibition and total destruction of all nuclear weapons.
China stands prepared to quell All our ills malarial.
China stands ready to host the proposed meeting.
China stands up - and out.
China Stands Up.
China starts manufacturing guns.
China starts new probe for corrupt officials.
China states that it is abiding by nuclear non-proliferation treaties.
China stays backward because it is closed.
China still considers Taiwan a province, but few countries now accept China's claims of sovereignty.
China still considers Taiwan a province.
China still has a long, long way to go.
China still has a lot of catching up to do, however.
China still has many NDBs remaining over the entire country.
China still has our aircraft, though.
China still has our plane, and holding it is an illegal act.
China still has our spy plane too . . .
China still has political problems with Taiwan, as in hate.
China still has several hurdles to clear before it can join the trade organization.
China still has the death penalty.
China still has the region's fastest-growing major economy.
China still has three main hurdles to overcome before accession.
China still holds the plane.
China still insists the attack was deliberate.
China still is a half-closed society.
China still is one of the world's leading proliferators of weapons of mass destruction.
China still lacks a truly national, integrated banking system.
China still needs a sense of humor.
China still occupies some Indian territory.
China still occupies the reef.
China still practices some of the most fucked up acts on it's own people.
China still produces the most raw silk fibre, followed by Brazil, India, Japan, Korea and Thailand.
China still protects many industries with tariffs and quotas.
China still pursues an independent foreign policy of peace.
China still regards the rebellion as heroic resistance to imperial forces.
China still restricts foreign banks use of renminbi .
China still views Taiwan as a renegade province.
China still wants the U.S. to say it is sorry.
China stresses importance of addressing prevention of outer-space arms race.
China strictly protects the due rights of criminals.
China strives at having an efficient government with integrity and good work ethics.
China strongly denies the accusations.
China strongly desires to maintain and expand dominance in the Asian community.
China strongly opposes both systems.
China strongly opposes theater missile defense for Taiwan.
China submits new tariff and services offers.
China suffers heavily from environmental pollution.
China supports any effort conducive to moving the Middle East peace talks ahead.
China supports either indefinite extension or rolling extensions.
China supports the terrorist nations of Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan and Sudan.
China supports their efforts to address the problem.
China sure has some funny ideas on what rights are.
China takes an active part in the international cooperation in the field of human rights.
China takes interest in free trade zone in Gulf of Suez.
China takes some know-how, planning, and money.
China takes tips on net-snooping and censorship from Singapore.
China targets the U.S. for imports.
China thinks so.
China thinks they're about to be attacked, and they put some fighters in the air.
China threatens'' theory.
China tightens campaign against Tibet.
China too has choices.
China too is an increasingly intersting market for consumer goods.
China too merits our close attention.
China tops the list, followed by United Arab Emirates, Thailand, Kuwait and Saudi Arabia.
China tour related information and services.
China treats America like a colony, a source of raw material.
China treats Taiwan only as a piece of land.
China treats the Internet as another form of media.
China tries a man for using the Internet and email as a vehicle for subversive political activity.
China truly has something for everyone.
China understands deterrents.
China understands our feelings for their security concerns.
China understands there is only one superpower.
China understands toughness and respects force.
China undoubtedly is in the world economy.
China unveils new investments to boost domestic economy and postpone devaluation.
China urgently needs to renovate the technologies of enterprises.
China use the syllable aggregations in their catalogs.
China uses a mirex bait or chemical soil barriers as control methods.
China uses bamboo which is what pandas eat.
China uses both tariff and non-tariff measures to regulate imports.
China uses executions and torture to maintain order.
China uses forced labor.
China uses only one standard time, i.e. Beijing time, throughout the country.
China uses prison labor as always.
China uses the cassette ministry.
China uses the death penalty more liberally than any other nation.
China uses the threat of disaster.
China uses what is essentially sl ave labor to gain a competitive advantage over other countries.
China varies from major exporter, to major cotton importer.
China vehemently denies all charges and adds that it is none of our business anyway.
China views Japan's military build-up as excessive and totally unreasonable.
China views Sudan as nonessential.
China views Taiwan as a breakaway province and has sought to push it into diplomatic isolation.
China views Taiwan as a rebel province and has vowed to reunify with it, by force if necessary.
China violates human rights in Tibet.
China violates internationally recognized core labor standards.
China vociferously opposes the deal.
China wants a face-saving apology.
China wants a piece of upstream equity before it buys.
China wants a single pipeline and it also indicates a preferred route.
China wants a stable, consistent and affordable level of fuel shipments, especially petroleum.
China wants American trade.
China wants an apology over the spy plane incident.
China wants an official apology for the incident that killed a Chinese pilot.
China wants blame for plane.
China wants growth.
China wants investment and technology.
China wants investment from world capital markets.
China wants Israeli technology and Israel sees in China a large market.
China wants one going due east.
China wants our poultry.
China wants Taiwan folded back into Chinese control.
China wants Taiwan to adhere to the one China policy.
China wants Taiwan to agree the island is an inseparable part of China as a precondition for talks.
China wants the Cambodian leadership to respect China's interests.
China wants the missions abandoned.
China wants to act as a bridge between developing and developed countries for the next trade round.
China wants to avoid trouble before a U.S. vote on a trade deal.
China wants to be able to help make the new rules.
China wants to be accepted as a great power.
China wants to be seen as a responsible regional power and recognized as a rising global player.
China wants to become the third nation on Earth to put a human in space.
China wants to buy and sell more goods.
China wants to challenge U.S. interests in the Pacific, starting with Taiwan.
China wants to change that.
China wants to come into the real world of commerce.
China wants to develop a space warfare capability.
China wants to discuss human rights and democracy with Germany Beijing.
China wants to force domestic markets to compete at higher levels to hold off outside competition.
China wants to hold the crew while their investigation of the collision continues.
China wants to invest millions of dollars in Aruba.
China wants to play a beautiful final in front of the whole world.
China wants to show the world that it is a modern, efficient, and important country.
China wants to take back Taiwan by any means necessary.
China wants to take back Taiwan, by force if necessary.
China ware,dolls,iron,kitchen collectibles,press glass,cut glass,crackle glass,pottery,.etc.
China warns of strained relations.
China Welcome to all visitors from China.
China welcomes that.
China welcomes the agreement reached at the Summit.
China wins hands down.
China wins, and gains allies.
China yield a dye.
China yields a flock of downy dinosaurs.
China yields continual surprises.
China's a remarkable place.
Chinas are also well known for their dramatic color change.
Chinas are cold-tender.
Chinas are countries.
Chinas are delicate in appearance, but tough in demeanor.
Chinas are dictatorships.
Chinas are especially well-suited to growing near the coast.
Chinas are located in cabinets.
Chinas are names.
Chinas are porcelain.
Chinas are soccer players.
Chinas have (part) sections.
Chinas have an entirely different look than the roses previously introduced to European hybridizers.
Chinas have bamboo.
Chinas have breeds.
Chinas have sheep breeds.
Chinas range in color from deepest red and maroon through pink to white.
China always goes to excess, whether in TV production, or orange growing.
China always has floods.
China always holds that all countries, big or small, rich or poor, strong or weak, are equal.
China always makes an appropriate wedding gift.
China often is a large importer of wheat, and sometimes has feed wheat to livestock.
All china is fired at very high temperatures to ensure that it's waterproof and nonporous.
All china is rented in lots of ten.
All China waits.
Most chinas have bamboo.
Most chinas have breeds.
Most chinas have sheep breeds.
Some chinas have ability.
Some chinas have average levels.
Some chinas have levels.
Some chinas have levers.
Some chinas have market potential.
Some chinas have potential.
Some chinas have regulations.
Some chinas have resources.
Some chinas have tips.
Chinas land is made up mainly of mountains, plateaus, and deserts.
A chinch bug is an insect
Chinch bug can be a problem regardless of planting time.
Chinch bug continues to be the number one insect pest of grain sorghum in Georgia.
Chinch bug is a serious pest on sandy soils.
Chinch bugs appear during the summer months.
Chinch bugs are grey-black insects with short white wings.
Chinch bugs are here again.
Chinch bugs are insects.
Chinch bugs are often a problem, causing leaves to rapidly begin to wilt and turn brown.
Chinch bugs are our worst lawn problem.
Chinch bugs are pests.
Chinch bugs are serious pests of cool and warm-season turfgrasses.
Chinch bugs are shallow feeders and can generally be seen close to the soil surface.
Chinch bugs are small black insects with a white spot on their wing covers.
Chinch bugs are small insects with sucking mouthparts.
Chinch bugs are the most common insect problem in zoysiagrass.
Chinch bugs are tiny insects, which suck the juices from grass plants.
Chinch bugs are typically more of a problem in dry years.
Chinch bugs are very small insects that are red when newly hatched but turn black with age.
Chinch bugs attack turf in a group so their damage is quickly visible.
Chinch bugs do greatest damage from mid-summer to early fall.
Chinch bugs feed on bentgrass, bluegrass, and fescues, but no type of grass is immune to attack.
Chinch bugs feed on grass near the soil interface or just below the soil surface.
Chinch bugs have more than one generation per year and overwinter as adults.
Chinch bugs injure buffalograss by withdrawing juices from plant tissues in the crown area.
Chinch bugs injure grasses by puncturing the stems and sucking out the plant juices.
Chinch bugs love hot, dry conditions.
Chinch bugs love the sun and are first found in the thinner, poorer, sunnier sections of the lawn.
Chinch bugs move in an outward pattern from the center of the dead area of grass.
Chinch bugs prefer the bright sunny areas of the yard and dry conditions.
Chinch bugs provide an example of the effectiveness of targeting chemical applications.
Chinch bugs reproduce in large numbers and can reproduce several times in one season.
Chinch bugs start from an egg and hatch into tiny, red insect with white markings on their back.
Chinch bugs suck plant juices from many grass species including corn, sorghum and wheat.
Chinchilla fur comes from animals.
Chinchilla fur comes from farm animals.
Most chinchilla fur comes from animals.
Most chinchilla fur comes from farm animals.
A chinchilla is fur
Chinchilla isa rodent.
Chinchillas also come in beige, black, and with hints of purple.
Chinchillas also love an occasional treat such as a raisin or small piece of apple.
Chinchillas are a small rodent native to South America, found in rocky, arid areas in the mountains.
Chinchillas are a small rodent related to squirrels and guinea pigs.
Chinchillas are a type of rodent.
Chinchillas are about the size of a small rabbit.
Chinchillas are active and like to run, jump, and play.
Chinchillas are active in the evening and during the night.
Chinchillas are affected by the full moon and become more active on a bright moonlit night.
Chinchillas are also most active in the evening hours.
Chinchillas are basically healthy rodents, as long as they are kept in a clean, healthy environment.
Chinchillas are coating.
Chinchillas are covered in thick fur for a reason.
Chinchillas are creatures of habit with strong internal clocks.
Chinchillas are endangered due to exploitation of the animal for fur.
Chinchillas are excellent jumpers.
Chinchillas are extremely clean, have no natural odor, and are generally very healthy animals.
Chinchillas are extremely intelligent , and they can learn the names of their cagemates.
Chinchillas are famous for their beautiful bluish-grey fur, which is extremely soft and dense.
Chinchillas are fanatical in their grooming habits.
Chinchillas are fur.
Chinchillas are generally robust little animals but sometimes health issues arise.
Chinchillas are great pets.
Chinchillas are hind-gut fermenters with a relatively long gastrointestinal tract.
Chinchillas are located in pet stores.
Chinchillas are mammals.
Chinchillas are most active in the evening and at night.
Chinchillas are native to Chile and Peru.
Chinchillas are nocturnal and live in colonies.
Chinchillas are nocturnal so are at rest much of the day.
Chinchillas are nocturnal, sleeping during the day and very active at night.
Chinchillas are nocturnal, which means they spend most of the day sleeping or napping.
Chinchillas are nocturnal.
Chinchillas are one of the friendliest and cleanest animals.
Chinchillas are one of the softest animals in the world.
Chinchillas are pretty much odor free.
Chinchillas are primarily nocturnal animals with activity peaking at dusk and dawn.
Chinchillas are quick, perky little animals.
Chinchillas are quiet and are nocturnal.
Chinchillas are really neat.
Chinchillas are regarded as an exotic animal.
Chinchillas are related to guinea pigs and porcupines.
Chinchillas are relatively easy to train.
Chinchillas are rodents native to the Andes mountains in South America.
Chinchillas are rodents that are native to the Andes Mountains of northern Chile.
Chinchillas are rodents, but pikas are related to the hare and the rabbit, they are 'lagomorphs'.
Chinchillas are rodents.
Chinchillas are seasonal breeders.
Chinchillas are sensitive to heat, humidity, and drafts.
Chinchillas are sensitive to heat.
Chinchillas are small furry animals, between a guinea pig and rabbit in size.
Chinchillas are social animals who are playful, intelligent, loveable, and inquisitive.
Chinchillas are soft little bundles of energy that love to be played with and petted and spoiled.
Chinchillas are the coolest animals.
Chinchillas are thought to be smarter than rabbits and can be taught to play with humans.
Chinchillas are unusual in that they are a blend of both.
Chinchillas are vegetarians and they consume roots, grass, plants, fruits etc.
Chinchillas are vegetarians, primarily grass and seed eaters.
Chinchillas are very active animals, and like lots of exercise.
Chinchillas are very active, have a lot of energy, and love to climb.
Chinchillas are very clean and have almost no body odor.
Chinchillas are very energetic and love to climb and jump so the larger the cage size the better.
Chinchillas are very furry and come in lots of colours.
Chinchillas are very sensitive to giardia - a parasite commonly found in drinking water.
Chinchillas are very small and fragile animals.
Chinchillas are very social and do well in pairs and groups.
Chinchillas are very social animals.
Chinchillas bathe in a very fine dust that gets everywhere.
Chinchillas become sexually mature between six and eight months old.
Chinchillas become sexually mature when they are around eight months old.
Chinchillas belong to families.
Chinchillas can be the ideal companion.
Chinchillas can become very attached to their keepers.
Chinchillas can drink water from valve waterers or sipper-type bottles.
Chinchillas can have excessive shedding as a response to stress.
Chinchillas can have one to six kits per litter, with two being average.
Chinchillas can jump several feet in the air, and can squeeze through tiny spaces.
Chinchillas can live happily in groups, or can be kept alone.
Chinchillas can make a variety of vocalizations.
Chinchillas can make fun, enjoyable pets.
Chinchillas can make noises that sound a lot like a squirrel when it is alarmed in a tree.
Chinchillas can make wonderful pets for the right family.
Chinchillas can spray urine and females tend to be much better at it with incredible aim.
Chinchillas can tell the difference between voiced and voiceless consonants.
Chinchillas come from the Andes Mountains of South America.
Chinchillas come in many colors.
Chinchillas communicate through sounds.
Chinchillas cool themselves by sending blood into their large ears.
Chinchillas do eat hay and take dust baths which can cause a problem to some people.
Chinchillas do nibble to show affection and to check out a new person.
Chinchillas do require dust baths several times a week.
Chinchillas eat plants.
Chinchillas eat special chinchilla pellets, hay, and water as a basic diet.
Chinchillas enter juvenile stages.
Chinchillas enter stages.
Chinchillas exhibit a predator avoidance mechanism known as fur slip.
Chinchillas exhibit symptoms.
Chinchillas get food.
Chinchillas get it by eating feed contaminated with raccoon droppings.
Chinchillas give birth by sitting up and hunching over, or squatting.
Chinchillas handle cold weather better than hot weather due to their heavy coat.
Chinchillas have (part) brains.
Chinchillas have (part) breasts.
Chinchillas have (part) cell membranes.
Chinchillas have (part) cells.
Chinchillas have (part) chest cavities.
Chinchillas have (part) chests.
Chinchillas have (part) corpi.
Chinchillas have (part) cytoplasm.
Chinchillas have (part) ears.
Chinchillas have (part) faces.
Chinchillas have (part) heads.
Chinchillas have (part) nuclei.
Chinchillas have (part) pedal extremities.
Chinchillas have (part) piluses.
Chinchillas have (part) plasma membranes.
Chinchillas have (part) rib cages.
Chinchillas have (part) sections.
Chinchillas have (part) skulls.
Chinchillas have (part) sterna.
Chinchillas have (part) vacuoles.
Chinchillas have (part) vertebrate feet.
Chinchillas have a broad head with large ears and eyes, small forelimbs and a long, hairy tail.
Chinchillas have a chorioallantoic-type placentation.
Chinchillas have a cycle.
Chinchillas have a great temperament, and they each have their own personality.
Chinchillas have a long bushy tail.
Chinchillas have a long gestation period compared to other rodents of their size.
Chinchillas have a long life expentancy.
Chinchillas have a lot of lanolin oil in their fur.
Chinchillas have a powerful scent they can put out in their urine when provoked.
Chinchillas have a very sensitive digestive system.
Chinchillas have an insatiable desire to gnaw.
Chinchillas have broad heads, large ears, and large black eyes with vertical slit pupils.
Chinchillas have defenses such as losing fur, biting, and spraying urine.
Chinchillas have diets.
Chinchillas have dry eyes.
Chinchillas have ears.
Chinchillas have energy.
Chinchillas have extremely large auditory bullae relative to the other genera.
Chinchillas have eyes.
Chinchillas have fur.
Chinchillas have habits.
Chinchillas have large incisor teeth that grow continuously throughout their life.
Chinchillas have long hind limbs which are adapted for leaping.
Chinchillas have necks.
Chinchillas have no other way to cool themselves so they can overheat in a matter of minutes.
Chinchillas have no specific mating season and breed any time in the year.
Chinchillas have normal temperature.
Chinchillas have quite melodious voices and aptitude for adjusting to any new environment.
Chinchillas have several unique problems.
Chinchillas have short limbs.
Chinchillas have small front legs compared to their hind legs.
Chinchillas have such thick fur that overheating is a danger.
Chinchillas have tails.
Chinchillas have teeth that can grow longer than their bosy length in one year's time.
Chinchillas have teeth.
Chinchillas have temperature.
Chinchillas have very little odor if their cages are kept clean.
Chinchillas have very sensitive digestive systems.
Chinchillas like to chew.
Chinchillas live for years.
Chinchillas live high up in the Andes Mountains in South America by Chile.
Chinchillas live in colonies .
Chinchillas live in colonies.
Chinchillas live in environments.
Chinchillas live in groups just like grey wolves and bald eagles , and they mate for life.
Chinchillas look like long-tailed rabbits, but with smaller ears.
Chinchillas look like, well, chinchillas, and nothing else.
Chinchillas love to have someone to cuddle with.
Chinchillas love to jump, so multiple levels are advisable.
Chinchillas love to sit as high as they can be.
Chinchillas make a variety of squeaks, squeals and odd sounding barks.
Chinchillas make great pets for many reasons.
Chinchillas make great pets.
Chinchillas make noise.
Chinchillas make wonderful pets .
Chinchillas moult heavily twice a year and shed some hair all year round.
Chinchillas naturally eat for long periods of time, mainly during the night.
Chinchillas naturally eat grasses, leaves and twigs.
Chinchillas need cages.
Chinchillas need food.
Chinchillas need homes.
Chinchillas originate from the Andes high up in Peru.
Chinchillas overheat easily.
Chinchillas really get into their baths, rolling and flipping in the dust with great abandon.
Chinchillas require a lot of plant fiber in their diet.
Chinchillas require very little in the way of care.
Chinchillas resemble rabbits.
Chinchillas respond to light tough.
Chinchillas retain weight.
Chinchillas run, bounce, and jump in their cage.
Chinchillas sit on hind legs.
Chinchillas sit on legs.
Chinchillas take a single mate for life.
Chinchillas tend to eat with their hands and often throw out a lot of pellets thus causing wastage.
Chinchillas tend to pee in one corner of the cage.
Chinchillas vary in temperament.
Chinchillas sometimes chew their own fur.
Chinchillas usually acquire the infection orally.
Chinchillas usually do very poorly under even light anesthesia.
All chinchillas are different.
All chinchillas have their own personality.
All chinchillas respond to excitement easily.
Many chinchillas are bred commercially for their fur.
Most chinchillas are very timid and shy.
Most chinchillas belong to families.
Most chinchillas eat plants.
Most chinchillas enter juvenile stages.
Most chinchillas enter stages.
Most chinchillas get food.
Most chinchillas have diets.
Most chinchillas have dry eyes.
Most chinchillas have ears.
Most chinchillas have energy.
Most chinchillas have eyes.
Most chinchillas have fur.
Most chinchillas have habits.
Most chinchillas have necks.
Most chinchillas have normal temperature.
Most chinchillas have short limbs.
Most chinchillas have tails.
Most chinchillas have teeth.
Most chinchillas have temperature.
Most chinchillas live for years.
Most chinchillas live in environments.
Most chinchillas make noise.
Most chinchillas resemble rabbits.
Most chinchillas retain weight.
Most chinchillas sit on hind legs.
Most chinchillas sit on legs.
Some chinchilla cages have trays.
Some chinchillas can develop health problems due to an over-growth of molars.
Some chinchillas eat hay.
Some chinchillas eat rough hay.
Some chinchillas exist in areas.
Some chinchillas get peace.
Some chinchillas grow throughout life.
Some chinchillas have chins.
Some chinchillas have defense mechanisms.
Some chinchillas have diarrhea.
Some chinchillas have follicles.
Some chinchillas have health issues.
Some chinchillas have infection.
Some chinchillas have issues.
Some chinchillas have layers.
Some chinchillas have mechanisms.
Some chinchillas have ulcer.
Some chinchillas have underlie health issues.
Some chinchillas have underlie issues.
Some chinchillas live in areas.
Some chinchillas live in cages.
Some chinchillas live in deserts.
Some chinchillas live in dry deserts.
Some chinchillas lose weight.
Some chinchillas occupy mountains.
Some chinchillas respond to procedures.
Some chinchillas show death.
Some chinchillas sit on feet.
Some chinchillas sit on rear feet.
Some chinchillas suffer from disorder.
Some chinchillas suffer from tooth disorder.
Some chinchillas survive on desert grass.
Some chinchillas survive on grass.
Some chinchillas when isolated, suffer from boredom and refuse to eat or resort to fur-chewing.
A chine is a spine
Chines are fiberglass taped and epoxied.
Chinese academics rate their salaries as less adequate than their counterparts in other countries.
Chinese acrobats are simply amazing.
Chinese acupressure teaches that training the fingertips can weaken the eyes.
Chinese acupuncture tries to illicit a strong stimulation from the needle.
Chinese agriculture needs expertise and know-how if it is to develop successfully.
Chinese aims are transparently clear.
Chinese airlines suffer from a glut of overcapacity that threatened several with bankruptcy.
Chinese alligators absorb heat.
Chinese alligators are a critically endangered species.
Chinese alligators are dormant from late fall into early spring, when temperatures are cool.
Chinese alligators are quite prolific in captivity.
Chinese alligators are thought to be the most docile of the crocodilians.
Chinese alligators are yellowish gray in color with pronounced black spotting of the lower jaw.
Chinese alligators breed once a year.
Chinese alligators exist in areas.
Chinese alligators live in a subtropical, temperate region.
Most chinese alligators absorb heat.
Most chinese alligators exist in areas.
Some chinese alligators live in zoos.
Chinese apartments are different than our apartments.
Chinese apple See pomegranate .
Chinese apples are cheaper than our own mangos.
Chinese archaeologists interpret the building as a communal assembly hall or clan house.
Chinese architecture includes a lot of idealized spatiality.
Chinese architecture is fairly distinctive amongst world architectures.
Chinese arrowheads measure approx.
Chinese art Find out more about Chinese calligraphy and painting.
Chinese art is enriched with many emblems full of significance to the initiated and the native.
Chinese artifacts are also on display.
Chinese artists look to their past with a similar awe and respect.
Chinese astrology argues that one's personality profile can be revealed form one's birth time.
Chinese astrology attributes the horse with being adventurous and pleasant company.
Chinese astrology has twelve signs, each corresponding to a single year.
Chinese astrology is a deep and complex subject when all the layers of analysis are overlaid.
Chinese astrology is based on the traditional astronomy and calendars .
Chinese astrology is based on the traditional astronomy.
Chinese astrology ranks among such earthly, human sciences as psychology, sociology, philosophy.
Chinese astronomers observe a supernova.
Chinese astronomers record a comet.
Chinese athletes hold world and Olympic records in various disciplines.
Chinese athletes use it to reach peak performance levels.
Chinese authorities acknowledge there is unrest in the region.
Chinese authorities admit that a disproportionate number of public officers in Tibet are Chinese.
Chinese authorities deny the report.
Chinese authorities know that foreign investors are hurting.
Chinese authorities look at the big picture.
Chinese authorities plan to launch a series of chain stores specializing in contraceptives.
Chinese authorities use such laws to imprison dissidents and journalists.
Chinese banks are technically insolvent.
Chinese beer is available and people in the know claim it is much better than American beer.
Chinese beer is available.
Chinese border is at top of the snow capped ridge.
Most Chinese breads are steamed, which is why they look pale and uncooked to the Western eye.
Chinese breeds can start laying in winter.
Chinese breweries are so busy feeding the internal market that few of their products are exported.
Chinese brides wear red to get their marriages off to a good start.
Most Chinese brides wear red for their wedding costumes.
Some chinese broccolis have green leaves.
Some chinese broccolis have leaves.
Chinese business is small scale.
Most Chinese businessman choose to wear leisure suits with open collars to beat the heat.
Chinese butterfly designs in tubes and brushes.
Chinese buyers are now in the United States and some of our turtles are being exported by the ton.
Chinese cabbage can be direct seeded into the garden to avoid transplanting shock.
Chinese cabbage develops best during cool weather and is an excellent vegetable for fall gardeners.
Chinese cabbage is a good source of vitamin C and dietry fibre.
Chinese cabbage is a loosely packed elongated head of light green stalks that are slightly crinkled.
Chinese cabbage is a versatile garden vegetable.
Chinese cabbage is affected by many of the same diseases affecting other cole crops.
Chinese cabbage is best sown in late summer and autumn rather than spring.
Chinese cabbage is invaluable as a vegetable for stir-fry and is becoming more widely grown.
Chinese cabbage is more closely related to the mustards than to the cabbages.
Chinese cabbage is used fresh in salads or cooked like regular cabbage.
Chinese cabbage makes for particularly good vinaigrette cole-slaw.
Chinese cabbages are cabbages.
Chinese cabbages are crucifers.
Chinese calendar is used for determining festivals.
Chinese calligraphy is a form of art.
Chinese calligraphy is a high art form.
Chinese calligraphy is a subject of artistic study.
Chinese calligraphy is perhaps one of the most enduring art forms with words and characters.
Chinese calligraphy is the art of writing Chinese characters.
Chinese calligraphy is the practice of writing Chinese beautifully.
Chinese calligraphy is written alongside each number.
Chinese carpets differ from all other Asian carpets in both design and color.
Chinese cassia is usually quite dark brown.
Chinese cats have pendulous ears, ib.
Chinese celery is quite different from regular celery, which is European in origin.
Chinese celery looks like the Western kind, but with more leaves and smaller stalks.
Chinese cemetery is established on Fort Moore Hill.
Chinese character displaying information is also available.
Chinese character means happiness-good fortune.
Chinese characters are a work of art in and of themselves.
Chinese characters are an important part of East Asian culture .
Chinese characters are an important part of East Asian culture.
Chinese characters are available for labeling besides superscript.
Chinese characters are basically picto-graphic and self explanatory.
Chinese characters are characters.
Chinese characters are graphical.
Chinese characters are notation.
Chinese characters are often combined to create larger, more complex characters.
Chinese characters dictionary.
Chinese characters facilitate cross-recognition.
Chinese characters form a channel for mutual linguistic influence.
Chinese characters glow from inside the tooth.
Chinese characters incorporate meaning and sound as well as visual image into a coherent whole.
Chinese characters resemble hieroglyphics, in a way.
Chinese characters use one symbol for each word.
All Chinese characters are in GB code.
Every Chinese character is clickable.
Many Chinese characters look like pictures of the things they stand for.
Most Chinese characters are combinations of other characters or parts of characters.
Chinese characteristics can also determine the fate of information systems.
Chinese chard is available in markets all over world and is found predominantly in Asian markets.
Chinese chard is easy to grow, produces relatively high yields and is very nutritious.
Chinese chard is native to eastern Asia and has been cultivated for thousands of years.
Chinese chard is usually hand-harvested at the base with a knife.
Chinese chard See bok choy .
Chinese checkers Play a game of Chinese checkers.
Chinese chemists sell a wide range of herbal and other natural remedies.
Chinese chess has several million players.
Chinese chestnut is resistant to chestnut blight.
Chinese chestnuts are also a particularly good source of vitamin A .
Chinese chestnuts are chestnuts.
Chinese chestnuts are smaller, shrub-like, and resistant to the blight.
Chinese chestnuts fall to the ground when ripe.
Some chinese chestnuts produce gall.
Chinese chicks dig a guy who can fight crime AND make a good pie.
Chinese children learn it as they are growing up.
Every Chinese children like to celebrate Lantern Festival.
Many Chinese children dress in new clothes to celebrate Chinese New Year .
Many Chinese children grow up without brothers or sisters.
Chinese chives have flat and a mild garlic flavour.
Chinese chopsticks are more blunt.
Chinese church helps starving brothers.
Chinese churches prefer to baptize believers rather than practice infant baptism.
Chinese cinema is a force to be reckoned with nowadays.
Chinese citizens enjoy full religious freedom.
Chinese citizens have the freedom of religious belief.
Chinese citizens lack the democratic means to change their government.
Chinese cities seem to be made for cycling.
Many Chinese cities have pagodas where people used to burn incense and pray to dragons.
Chinese civilization has plenty to teach about rightfulness, but little about freedom.
Chinese civilization is one of the most ancient civilizations in the world.
Chinese civilization is one of the world 's oldest continuous civilizations .
Chinese classes are in bold type.
Chinese classes get better teachers and better facilities.
Chinese classes get better teachers and facilities.
Chinese cleanliness is scary by Western standards.
Chinese colonization affectedall other areas of Vietnamese art as well.
Chinese combination works great. add Vit.
Chinese comments is here.
Chinese communists begin infiltrating America.
Chinese community is a very hard working community.
Chinese companies are commercial organizations.
Chinese companies are still quite eager to develop partnerships with American companies.
Chinese companies buy cement, sand and gravel, steel, silk and chemicals heavy industrial items.
Chinese companies deliver products.
Chinese companies listed abroad disclose more than domestic companies.
Chinese companies pursue construction deals in Angola because there is limited competition.
Chinese companies seek to duties.
Chinese company exports a broad range of products including wood, rattan and outdoor furniture.
Many Chinese companies have factories here too.
Most chinese companies deliver products.
Most chinese companies seek to duties.
Chinese condiment cuts blood cholesterol.
Chinese condiment reduces elevated levels of blood cholesterol in the elderly.
Most Chinese consonants are similar to English consonants except for the following list.
Chinese consumers are also concerned about the security of e-commerce transactions.
Chinese consumers are clearly jittery.
Chinese consumers are fond of pork meat.
Chinese consumers are interested in balance in their diet.
Chinese consumers are very sophisticated, and highly brand conscious.
Chinese cooks add soya sauce to foods while they are cooking.
Chinese cooks are persnickety about their woks.
Chinese cooks use two temperatures of oil for deep frying.
Chinese cooks use vegetable oil and lard.
Chinese cookery is a quite complex matter and one of the oldest cooking traditions of the world.
Chinese cooking is an art with as many variations as there are provinces in China.
Chinese cooking is the general name of the cooking branches of every area and every nation in China.
Chinese cooking is very famous.
Chinese cooking is widely available, as is that of India, Pakistan and Iran.
Chinese cooking makes good use of ginger in fish, duck, chicken, pork, beef, and seafood dishes.
Chinese cooking offers satisfaction of both the gustatory and visual senses.
Chinese cooking takes time up front for cutting and preparing, but cooking is a breeze.
Chinese cooking varies greatly from region to region, but noodles are eaten everywhere.
Chinese cooperation is considered crucial in forging a U.N.-sanctioned peace plan for Kosovo.
Chinese cooperation is essential to successful performance and enforcement.
Many Chinese Counterfeiters use scrap metal to make their coin blanks.
Chinese counterparts grow populations for mapping studies.
Chinese courts take cyber bank robbing seriously.
Chinese critics say the system is illegal and lacks oversight.
Chinese cruller is recommended to take together with the rojak.
Chinese cuisine harmonizes the body.
Chinese cuisine has a very long history and is renowned all over the world.
Chinese cuisine has zero tolerance for animal rights groups.
Chinese Cuisine Includes Chinese recipes and restaurant listings.
Chinese cuisine is a favorite one of non-Chinese people in the United States.
Chinese cuisine is a little different.
Chinese cuisine is an ancient art and ranks as one of the best in the world.
Chinese cuisine is as varied as the country is.
Chinese cuisine is one of the greatest methods of cooking.
Chinese cuisine is one of the most popular types of ethnic food in America.
Chinese cuisine is popular in Brunei with many fine authentic restaurants around.
Chinese cuisine is rated as one of the best among the different cuisine of the world.
Chinese cuisine takes centre stage in our three Chinese restaurants.
Chinese cuisine uses chestnuts in high-class dishes.
Chinese cuisine uses more fresh vegetables and less meat than many other cuisines.
Chinese cuisine uses spare amounts of protein and a minimum of oil.
Chinese culture believes there is a positive energy and a negative energy in the universe.
Chinese culture dates back thousands of years.
Chinese culture goes back by looking at ancient jade-carving .
Chinese culture has a long history.
Chinese culture has so long a history and is so rich.
Chinese culture is acknowledged by many scholars to be the oldest living culture in existence.
Chinese culture is also very special.
Chinese culture is amongst the oldest in the world.
Chinese culture is mysterious.
Chinese culture is one in which parents embody their hopes into a child's given name.
Chinese culture is predominately preservative of values and culture.
Chinese culture is rich and profound.
Chinese culture is rooted in patriarchy and authoritarianism.
Chinese Culture Learn about the coins of ancient China.
Chinese Culture Offers comprehensive information on Chinese culture.
Chinese dance comes in many forms.
Chinese dialects have up to nine tones, which can dramatically change the meaning of words.
Chinese dictionaries list characters by a combination of stroke order and radical.
Chinese dinner follows.
Chinese diplomats deny that China runs the station.
Chinese directory covers travel, society, art, culture, business, government and sports.
Chinese dishes appeal to the senses through color, shape, aroma and taste.
Chinese dishes appeal to the senses through colour, shape, aroma and taste.
Chinese dishes are famous for their flavor, color and aroma.
Chinese dishes are more sophisticated and complex.
Some Chinese dishes are also popular.
Some Chinese dishes are deep-fried in a light batter for a crunchy outer coating.
Most Chinese dissidents are in jail, in exile or in hiding, unable to publicly mark the crackdown.
Chinese divers are now the ones to watch.
Chinese doctors feel that if a treatment works, use it.
Chinese doctors help rebalance an individual's entire body by strengthening the system that's weak.
Chinese doctors say that excess raw vegetables and fruits weaken digestion and spleen qi.
Many Chinese doctors consider that placebo question irrelevant.
Chinese dogwoods can sometimes be slow to flower.
Chinese dominoes are also longer than typical European dominoes.
Chinese dominoes are always flat faced.
Chinese dominoes are different from the usual set of Western dominoes in many ways.
Chinese dragons are symbols of luck, prosperity and protection.
Chinese dragons are very civilized.
Chinese dragons can make themselves shrink or swell, appear and disappear.
Chinese dragons have five toes, Korean four and Japanese three.
Chinese dragons mean no harm and are often compared to the country itself.
Chinese dress varies considerably, but it tends to be conservative.
Chinese dumplings fare better.
Chinese economists side mostly with the more optimistic projections.
Chinese eggplant is more slender than the Italian kind, with fewer seeds.
Chinese elms have bark.
Chinese elms have mottle bark.
Chinese elms shade the streets and, for the gardeners, the ground abounds with organic matter.
Most chinese elms have bark.
Most chinese elms have mottle bark.
Some chinese elms grow in zones.
Some chinese elms have reputations.
Chinese embroidery has a long history.
Chinese embroidery is fine, delicate, professional and the most highly esteemed in the world.
Chinese enterprises are welcome to Belarus for more investment.
Chinese enterprises consume water at levels two to three times of the international best practice.
Most Chinese enterprises have no after-sales service centers.
Chinese entities can also purchase foreign real estate.
Many Chinese entrepreneurs earn money and buy big houses and cars and get fat.
Chinese evergreen is one of the most durable house plants.
Chinese evergreens are houseplants.
Chinese evergreens are native to tropical Asia.
Chinese evergreens are sensitive to fumes, especially from oil or gas.
Chinese evergreens do well in average indoor temperatures.
Chinese experts claim that pearls can correct the damage done to the skin by the sun.
Chinese experts recommend the following measures.
Chinese export Look no further.
Chinese exports are the engine of China's growth.
Chinese expressway distances road sign in eastern Beijing .
Chinese fable is a story with a moral lesson to be learned.
Chinese facilities have far better equipment, while the U.S. lacks even a national training center.
Chinese factories stamp out copies of American music CDs by the millions.
Chinese faculty use traditional lecture methods of teaching.
Chinese families come together for a celebration dinner.
Chinese families dedicate enormous amounts of time and energy to observing the holiday.
Chinese families tend the graves of their ancestors.
Some Chinese families hire feng shui practitioners to select just the right spot.
Chinese fare is offered, generally from Cantonese recipes.
Chinese farmers harvest rice by hand, making it easy to separate the two varieties of grain.
Chinese farmers hope to earn big profits selling fox pelts into the Russian and Chinese markets.
Chinese farmers produce pork.
Most chinese farmers produce pork.
Some chinese farmers establish orchards.
Chinese female is preferred.
Chinese film goes deep into the countryside, deep into China's past.
Chinese films present a fake reality.
Chinese firms are also active in road construction projects.
Chinese fishermen enjoy life.
Most chinese fishermen enjoy life.
Chinese folk consider Qing ming to be the ghost day.
Chinese folklore abounds in stories of kites flown for both pleasure and purpose.
Chinese fonts are also available.
Chinese Food Are the rumours about chinese food correct.
Chinese food consists of a multitude of made-up dishes.
Chinese food emphasizes a sense of beauty.
Chinese food is a little more upbeat.
Chinese food is a local favorite.
Chinese food is also available for lunch and dinner starting at noon.
Chinese food is also common.
Chinese food is another of our specialties.
Chinese food is characterized by economy of materials and fuel.
Chinese food is characterized by the stir-fry technique and the use of rich sauces.
Chinese food is considerably less.
Chinese food is excellent food for welding.
Chinese food is infinitely better.
Chinese food is light, fresh, has variety, and many flavors, colors, and aromas.
Chinese food is listed at the bottom, but it's an afterthought.
Chinese food is located in refrigerators.
Chinese food is low in calories and high in vitamins, minerals, and fiber.
Chinese food is meant to be shared.
Chinese food is prime evil.
Chinese food is the most common food and it is very different from American Chinese food.
Chinese food is the popular choice of the day.
Chinese food is very deep.
Chinese food is very diversified.
Chinese food is very popular in India, though with a very Indian flavour.
Chinese food is very similar.
Chinese food is what people can eat everyday without getting disgusted.
Chinese food is.
Chinese food lasts for days.
Chinese food means Johnny, dark black hair and a nice tight ass.
Chinese food sounds good.
Chinese food take out containers on the table.
Chinese foods are also steamed.
Chinese football is on the up.
Chinese forces build defenses for a last-ditch stand.
Chinese forces continue their push into central Russia.
Chinese formulas combine with other herbs which modulate it's effect.
Chinese foxes have reason to be especially fearful of humans.
Chinese Furniture Click on an item's title or image to learn more about it, and see a larger photo.
Chinese gangs are no different.
Chinese gangs are no exception.
Chinese gangsters continue with drugs, racketeering and human smuggling.
Chinese geese can be a very docile breed of geese to have but they are very noisy.
Chinese ginger is generally lighter in colour than Indian and tends to be more fibrous.
Chinese ginger is known for being milder.
Chinese ginger See fingerroot .
Most Chinese ginger is exported to Japan.
Chinese ginseng has more of a tonic or adaptogenic effect than the American ginseng.
Chinese ginseng is an example of an herb for which adulteration has been a problem.
Chinese ginseng is available as either white or red ginseng.
Chinese gods have a great diet.
Chinese goods are everywhere in America, from textiles to toys.
Chinese gooseberries come from New Zealand.
Some chinese government pays attention.
Most Chinese graduates are engineers, and almost none are management professionals.
Chinese graffiti is etched on every brick.
Chinese grammar is relatively simple, from the standpoint of most European languages.
Chinese grammar is very simple, despite the difficulty of pronunciation.
Chinese grammar is very simple.
Chinese hackers carry out threats to begin week-long attacks of American Web sites. . . .
Chinese hackers carry out threats to begin week-long attacks of American Web sites.
Chinese healers use alfalfa to treat kidney stones and to relieve fluid retention and swelling.
Chinese herbs are just too revolting.
Chinese herbs are potentially very toxic.
Chinese herbs can be beneficial for some patients, taken either as a tea or applied to the skin.
Chinese herbs can help.
Chinese herbs continue to be understood for their health benefits by the scientific community.
Chinese herbs extend survival in throat cancer .
Chinese herbs have a very important role in the overall treatment response.
Chinese herbs have far less side effects than prescription drugs.
Chinese herbs replace aspirin.
Chinese herbs treat the underlying condition and resolve the sympton.
Many Chinese herbs have strong immunity-enhancing effects.
Some Chinese herbs are natural, such as ma huang , an amphetamine-like stimulant.
Some Chinese herbs can have very potent tastes and be very aromatic.
Some Chinese herbs can help to improve one's appetite and body immune system.
Chinese herbalists contend that it creates testosterone like effects and helps to produce sperm.
Chinese herbalists make a decoction of the dried berries, though they are sometimes eaten.
Chinese herbalists use it to improve digestion and metabolism.
Chinese herbalists use nutmeg against diarrhea, worms, and all digestive upsets.
Many Chinese herbalists use herbs in their 'raw' or 'crude' state.
Chinese historians dispute India's claim to being the cradle of Asian martial arts.
Chinese history is a record of revolutions and counter-revolutions.
Chinese history is about to turn a new page.
Chinese history is rich and vast.
Chinese Horoscopes Learn all about the twelve signs of Chinese horoscope.
Chinese hospitals are serious places.
Chinese hosts like to present a red coral trout at wedding, birthday or other celebration dinners.
Chinese hotels offer internationally standard services.
All Chinese hotels provide an in-room safe or locked security boxes at the front desk.
Most Chinese hotels have hostesses on each floor.
Many Chinese immigrants join the industry as a stepping stone to their American dreams.
Some Chinese immigrants come to the United States to be with their family members.
Chinese immigration is amazingly friendly.
Chinese immigration is excluded.
Chinese imports are lower priced than, say, comparable products from Korea or Thailand.
Chinese influence is strongest in the impoverished and landlocked nation of Laos.
Chinese influences are obvious.
Chinese ink is to be used as colouring matter.
Chinese institutions are also well represented in London.
Any Chinese institution concerned about development can apply for a grant.
All Chinese instruments can be soulful, depending on the direction of the musician.
Chinese intellectuals are proud.
Chinese interference is suspected.
Chinese invention Check the archives, too.
Chinese investors can now buy many types of securities.
Chinese investors can only use hard currency on deposits at banks to trade B shares.
Chinese iris does a floral dance.
Chinese jade appears in nature in great variety.
Chinese journalism is a caged tiger waiting to be freed.
Chinese juniper grows in sun or partial shade and any well drained soil.
Chinese juniper is about as important as any juniper in forestry or ornamental horticulture.
Chinese juniper tolerates drought.
Chinese junks rush to and fro.
Chinese kites are world-famous but Tianjin kites are a treat to the eyes of the beholder.
Chinese knockoffs are everywhere.
Chinese labor builds fields, levees and railroads.
Chinese lacquer is applied at high RH, to speed the hardening of the resin.
Chinese ladies show their feelings in an elegant and indirect way.
Chinese language has many dialects.
Chinese language has square characters that consist of several strokes.
Chinese language is language.
Chinese language is located in chinas.
Chinese language is offered for all students.
Chinese language primers n.d.
Chinese language resources Our page on China.
Chinese language skills a plus.
Chinese language skills an asset.
All Chinese languages use tones to distinguish different words.
Chinese law allows administrative detention, or re-education, for up to three years without trial.
Chinese law has clear rules on the release or medical parole of criminals.
Chinese law places legal limitations on each type of businesses.
Chinese law requires organized social groups to register with the government.
Chinese law requires organized social groups to register with the state.
Chinese laws allow accused to be defended by family members.
Chinese laws are now in effect that give Chinese consumers the legal basis to bring their claims.
Chinese laws are often vague, confusing and inconsistent.
Many Chinese lawyers have limited knowledge and experience of anti-dumping regulations.
Most Chinese lawyers study law as an undergraduate major, and then go directly into practice.
Chinese leaders are anxious to continue to industrialize and to reduce pollution at the same time.
Chinese leaders are right to worry.
Chinese leaders believe a message has to be sent to Taiwan and to the domestic audience.
Chinese leaders have as yet to define a precise timetable for achieving reunification with Taiwan.
Chinese leaders recognize that much remains to be done.
Chinese leaders regard executions as an effective deterrent to crime.
Chinese leaders say no to a proposal for peace talks as equals.
Chinese leaders say one thing and do another.
Chinese leaders see as a serious threat to their rule.
Chinese leaders view solid relations with Washington as vital to achieving their ambitions.
Chinese legends refer to it as a plant that gives eternal youth and longevity.
Chinese literature is introduced.
Chinese literature suggests the cord had medicinal properties.
Chinese locks are crap and there's plenty of work for locksmiths.
Chinese lovers fight their way across Argentina.
Chinese majors participate in an oral interview.
Many Chinese majors go on to pursue graduate and professional training as well.
Chinese majorities dominate four constituencies, while the rest are an ethnic mix.
Chinese man carrying children in a basket, ca.
Chinese men have the same percentage of latent cancer as American men.
Chinese managers are big on touting their guanxi, or political connections.
Chinese managers are more concerned about knowing what is going on.
Chinese manufacturers have the lead in imitation leather footwear.
Chinese manufacturers use trademarks.
Most chinese manufacturers use trademarks.
Chinese massages are usually very relaxing, highly invigorating or both.
Chinese medicine approaches illness by treating causes to prevent it from recurring.
Chinese medicine can also decrease the side effects of synthetic hormones during an assisted cycle.
Chinese medicine can prolong life, vitality and well-being by slowing the ageing process.
Chinese medicine can treat acute and chronic conditions and provide preventative care.
Chinese medicine cautions against buckwheat for individuals with spleen qi deficiency.
Chinese medicine describes yin as negative and yang as positive.
Chinese medicine emphasises the influence of the Kidneys on the uterus and fertility.
Chinese medicine emphasizes energy while Western medicine considers structure and function.
Chinese medicine harmonizes both philosophy and science.
Chinese medicine has a long history of successful treatment for gynecological disorders.
Chinese medicine has a long written history, so it is a logical place to begin, the scientists say.
Chinese medicine has a valuable comment to make on fatigue, and regards it as a deficiency.
Chinese medicine has a very different view of foods and diet.
Chinese medicine has many helpful treatments which can be received from professional practitioners.
Chinese medicine has no side effects.
Chinese medicine has the tools to do so.
Chinese medicine has use.
Chinese medicine helps relieve the acute attacks.
Chinese medicine holds that any symptom or illness is a imbalance in a persons energy.
Chinese medicine holds that there is a vital force that permeates all life.
Chinese medicine identifies each of the viscera with one of the elements in the following manner.
Chinese medicine includes acupunctures, herbal medicine and a philosophy of the body as a whole.
Chinese medicine incorporates centuries of experience in dealing with depression.
Chinese medicine indicates that a different organ system is vulnerable each season.
Chinese medicine interprets the body differently than Western medicine.
Chinese medicine is a beginning.
Chinese medicine is a brilliant pearl of Chinese culture.
Chinese medicine is a healing tradition with long history, great sophistication and dynamism.
Chinese medicine is a holistic medicine.
Chinese medicine is a prescientific system of thought and pactic developed over thousands of years.
Chinese medicine is a product of the Chinese language.
Chinese medicine is a true holistic medicine based on prevention.
Chinese medicine is about energy.
Chinese medicine is an effective way to do so.
Chinese medicine is an excellent compliment to any prenatal program.
Chinese medicine is an incredible merging of theory and experience, a poem of nature and change.
Chinese medicine is certainly effective.
Chinese medicine is especially effective in such cases, particularly in the area of prevention.
Chinese medicine is generally safe if used as directed.
Chinese medicine is holistic and based on nature.
Chinese medicine is in classifying into different categories natural phenomena.
Chinese medicine is one of the best established.
Chinese medicine is one of the most holistic medical systems available today.
Chinese medicine is one of the oldest forms of healing known to humankind.
Chinese medicine is one such avenue.
Chinese medicine is still very widely practiced in the East.
Chinese medicine is the most important Chinese contribution to healthcare in the new millennium.
Chinese medicine is the oldest, professional, continually practiced, literate medicine in the world.
Chinese medicine is the oldest, professional, continually practised, literate medicine in the world.
Chinese medicine is the research and treatment of good health.
Chinese medicine is very successful in relieving pain, whether caused by injury or disease.
Chinese medicine is very, very safe, far safer than Western medicine.
Chinese medicine is widely available from both stores and individuals.
Chinese medicine looks at the body as an ecosystem of checks and balances.
Chinese medicine looks at the entire pattern of how an organ works throughout the body.
Chinese medicine notes that as people become elder, kidney energy decreases.
Chinese medicine offers a distinct concept - a new way of looking at life.
Chinese medicine offers a new approach to treating physical problems and emotional upheavals.
Chinese medicine offers self-empowerment.
Chinese medicine pays little regard to the physiological causes of ill-health.
Chinese medicine recognizes both internal and external causes of disease.
Chinese medicine regards the human body as a small-scale reflection of the cosmos.
Chinese medicine relies on bitter herbs to stimulate the gall bladder to produce more bile.
Chinese medicine says that if the energy in the body stops moving, then there is disease.
Chinese medicine says that it is heat in the lungs.
Chinese medicine stresses the result for the patient.
Chinese medicine supports eating meat, and traditional medicine does as well.
Chinese medicine takes a holistic, patient-based approach to pain.
Chinese medicine takes time to work.
Chinese medicine teaches that illness is an imbalance in the body's chi circulation.
Chinese medicine treats it as a complete syndrome.
Chinese medicine treats the cause of the disorder, and Western medicine the symptom of the disorder.
Chinese medicine uses acupuncture to adjust the flow of energy in the body.
Chinese medicine uses techniques.
Chinese medicine views the body as a network of channels called meridians.
Chinese medicine views the raw velvet antler as a potent and effective natural immune booster.
Chinese medicine works holistically.
Most chinese medicine uses techniques.
Chinese mercantilism is a negative and dangerous force that hurts fundamental U.S. interests.
Chinese merchants say live animal sales are a Chinese cultural tradition.
Chinese mind is very close to Buddhist mind.
Chinese miners begin to arrive.
Chinese Missions are only available in the full retail version.
Chinese monks invent first sturdy wooden abacus.
Some chinese muntjacs have glands.
Chinese murals add interest to the otherwise minimalist d cor.
Chinese music has a settled form.
Chinese music has a three thousand year history.
Chinese music has a very rich content.
Chinese music is a rich reflection of Chinese cultural heritage.
Chinese music is as old as Chinese civilization.
Chinese music is one of the oldest forms of civilized music in the world.
Chinese music plays softly in the background.
Chinese music prevails, but one can also hear American and Russian influences.
Chinese musicians can achieve so many different kinds of style.
Chinese mustard can also be very hot as well.
Chinese mustard has a loose head or rosette of dark green leaves.
Chinese mustard is less commonly available than Chinese cabbage in stores.
Chinese mustard is mustard
Chinese mustard is mustard.
Chinese mustard is very hot and used for dipping.
Chinese myth associates the quail closely with the phoenix, both being birds of fire.
Chinese myth holds high the tale of the dragon and the egg, symbolic of divine wisdom.
Chinese mythology equates the Phoenix with grace and high virtue.
Chinese mythology states that the rat brought the gift of rice to humankind.
All Chinese names are spelled as they appear in the county records.
Chinese nationalism grows more fervent every day.
Chinese nationalists see the rot in the regime as well.
Chinese negotiators are shrewd and use many tactics.
Chinese newspapers are available in Chinese stores and shopping centers.
Chinese newspapers remain distinctly subdued in discussing official events.
Chinese newspapers report that American hackers are fighting back.
Chinese Newspapers Select Chinese Newspapers by name to view current news online.
Chinese noodles Melt butterscotch chips, add peanut butter and blend.
Chinese noodles tend to be greasier.
Chinese number survives in color.
Chinese numerology is based on homophonic principles.
Chinese officers practice a tear-gas attack and bazooka firings.
Chinese officials admit that corruption is one of the most serious problems the country faces.
Chinese officials are anxious, too.
Chinese officials are glad that the summit has finally taken place.
Chinese officials are still very nervous.
Chinese officials are worried about the insider-trading epidemic, too.
Chinese officials believe there are inadequate restraints on American power.
Chinese officials blame lone madman for school explosion .
Chinese officials continue to insist that the American aircraft was responsible for the accident.
Chinese officials demolish old neighborhoods in Beijing.
Chinese officials deny the charge.
Chinese officials deny the charges of abuse.
Chinese officials insist that a technical glitch somehow blocked access to the site.
Chinese officials point out that American hackers also have been attacking Chinese computers.
Chinese officials reject such criticism as uninformed and unfair.
Chinese officials say it is rising all over China, faster in cities than in the countryside.
Chinese officials say the number involved in separatist activities is small.
Chinese officials say the pilot is missing.
Chinese officials say they are establishing a broadband information network over cable TV lines.
Chinese officials say they are using the latest Western technology to guarantee the lake's ecology.
Chinese officials show great interest.
Chinese officials show interest.
Many Chinese officials have vacation homes on the lake.
Most chinese officials show great interest.
Most chinese officials show interest.
Some Chinese officials believe that no South China or Siberian tigers remain in the country.
Chinese oil is used to produce natural aromatic chemicals.
Chinese okra is a different food, luffa acutangula .
Chinese okra is in the cucurbit family.
Chinese onion See green onion .
Chinese opera comes to America.
Chinese opera has many cultural and regional variations.
Chinese opera vary in many regions.
Chinese organ ized crime still contains some of the best kung-fu masters alive.
Chinese page is here.
Chinese pagodas are a stereotypical type with their tiled, upward curving roofs.
Most Chinese pagodas are multistoried ones.
Chinese painting has many formulas which aid in the creation as well as evaluation of their mastery.
Chinese painting is closely related to the art of calligraphy.
Chinese painting is done working flat.
Chinese paintings are incomplete without calligraphy and the artist's 'chops' or 'seals'.
Chinese paintings are very different from Thai paintings in the way they are created.
Chinese pangolins are extremely shy, and are very agile tree climbers.
Chinese pangolins are rather secretive, nocturnal creatures.
Chinese pangolins have a small pointed head and a narrow mouth.
Chinese pangolins have a small, pointed head, a very round body, and a narrow mouth.
Chinese pangolins have heads.
Chinese pangolins have poor vision.
Chinese pangolins have small point heads.
Chinese pangolins have vision.
Chinese pangolins inhabit subtropical and deciduous forests.
Chinese pangolins rely on senses.
Chinese pangolins use sticky tongues.
Chinese pangolins use tongues.
Most chinese pangolins have heads.
Most chinese pangolins have poor vision.
Most chinese pangolins have small point heads.
Most chinese pangolins have vision.
Most chinese pangolins rely on senses.
Most chinese pangolins use sticky tongues.
Most chinese pangolins use tongues.
Some chinese pangolins belong to families.
Some chinese pangolins occupy burrows.
Some chinese pangolins rely on smell.
Chinese paper is generally of lower quality in terms of strength and purity.
Chinese papers call foreign press 'inhuman'.
Chinese parents are well known for their concerns about how well their children do at school.
Chinese parents go to incredible lengths to provide for their children's education.
Chinese parents like to be honoured.
Many Chinese parents put pressure on children, maybe too much pressure.
Many Chinese parents wish their children to go after their own professions.
Chinese parks are beautiful and every big city has at least one.
Chinese participation is still up in the air in international opinion.
Chinese passengers prefer fried vegetables, meat and rice.
Chinese patriotism is legitimate and progressive.
Chinese patrols test the perimeter defenses with light, probing attacks.
Chinese pavilion is an ancient pavilion with dragon and peacock motifs.
Chinese peasants eat hamsters.
Chinese peonies are great for young couples' sex lives.
Chinese peonies have large double flowers in shades of red, pink, and white.
Chinese peony can live more than a hundred year.
Chinese people are a great people, and the country is so ancient and so deserving of so much more.
Chinese people are a very reclusive group of people.
Chinese people are located in chinas.
Chinese people are low key and one of their big mistakes is never standing up for themselves.
Chinese people are no different from any other.
Chinese people are now more aware of the problems associated with burials.
Chinese people are oriental.
Chinese people are short.
Chinese people are usually short, so it's KIND of like working with midgets.
Chinese people are very aware of health problems.
Chinese people are very diverse in their country of origins.
Chinese people are very fond of gold items.
Chinese people are very good business people that can smell money when it's lying around.
Chinese people are very hospitable.
Chinese people can find it in the market and enjoy it throughout the year.
Chinese people can wish to their enemy to live in the epoch of changes.
Chinese people classify foods as hot and cold.
Chinese people consider food as their central part of life.
Chinese people consider it very good luck to find a ladybird in the home.
Chinese people decorate the house with fresh, bright flowers for Chinese New Year.
Chinese people demand high quality and variety in the fast foods they consume.
Chinese people drink their own urine believing it's good for their health.
Chinese people eat what ever they want, whenever they want.
Chinese people have a lot of taboos on the New Year s Day.
Chinese people have access to free pirated versions of software.
Chinese people have no sense of danger.
Chinese people is peaceful, hardworking and easily contented.
Chinese people like to eat a lot of seafood.
Chinese people like to get it on too .
Chinese people likes to do business with the people they are familiar with and that they trust.
Chinese people love 'face' very much.
Chinese people love to celebrate the festival with lots of delicious food , fireworks and music .
Chinese people love to study the forms, to handicap the races.
Chinese people revere their ancestors.
Chinese people support democracy.
Chinese people taste dog curry as a special curse for their traditional New Year celebration.
Chinese people think snake meat acts as an aphrodisiac.
Chinese people value their way of dining very much.
Chinese people wear new clothes when they go on visits.
All Chinese people are good with computers and electronics.
All Chinese people know karate.
Many Chinese people are interested in mobile phones and also in the mobile Internet.
Many Chinese people are willing to pay a higher price for mooncakes from reputable bakers.
Many Chinese people believe that a person is rich or poor because of their fate.
Many Chinese people wear rags for clothes.
Many Chinese people work in Chinese restaurants throughout the city.
Most Chinese people can only sort of tell so join the club.
Most Chinese people celebrate Chinese New Year's Eve at home.
Most Chinese people prefer to use a heavy gauge pot for cooking rice.
Most Chinese people speak Mandarin.
Most Chinese people wear it as jewerly, often for good luck.
Some Chinese people believe that after people die their spirits meet here.
Every Chinese person is better off financially from year to year.
Every Chinese person is supposed to have a copy, and there are an awful lot of Chinese people.
Chinese philosophies tend to lead people to live in harmony.
Chinese philosophy comes from watching nature.
Chinese philosophy has much to offer the world.
Chinese philosophy says chi is a subtle energy that flows throughout the body.
Chinese physicians observe, assist and perform surgery to learn from the American surgeons.
Chinese physicians prescribe it to soothe uterine complaints.
Chinese physicians worry about complications emerging from unsupervised use of the drug.
Chinese planners envision new tools for control.
Many Chinese planners call for public education about traffic regulations.
Chinese poems are very beautiful.
Chinese police deny confiscating the money.
Chinese policemen can torture or kill a common people at random.
Chinese policy is useful to developing countries in the area, on an very urgent issue.
Chinese population is down to about ten.
Chinese ports charge foreign vessels the same rates with domestic ships.
Chinese pottery is also an ancient form of art in China.
Chinese power is a very threatening force too, both internally and internationally.
Chinese pride is at stake as well.
Chinese prisons are infamous for their meager rations.
Chinese prisoners dread the possibility of jiuye.
Chinese prisoners have their organs removed upon death.
Chinese privet has an extensive, but shallow root system.
Chinese privet invades natural areas throughout much of southern and eastern North America.
Chinese privet is a semi-deciduous shrub, which can reach twelve feet in height.
Chinese privet is used in traditional herbal medicine .
Chinese privet is versatile, able to survive a wide range of habitats, soil and light conditions.
Chinese privet reproduces both asexually and sexually.
Chinese privet tends to dominate the shrub layer of any habitat that it invades.
Some chinese privets are distinguished from privets.
Some chinese privets prefer damp habitats.
Some chinese privets prefer wet habitats.
Some chinese privets respond to damage.
Chinese pros are more used to playing a solid week at a time , more like the western chess scene.
Chinese production is concentrated around Dalian .
Chinese production is concentrated around Dalian.
Chinese proverb Go to . . .
Chinese psychology is too Confucian, too neat.
More Chinese Pyramids exist.
Chinese radish is a cruciferous root crop used mainly as a cooked vegetable.
Chinese railways are standard gauge.
Chinese registrars are invalid.
Chinese regulations have a short half-life often measured in months.
Some chinese researchers find numbers.
Chinese resistance is zero at the start of every scenario.
Chinese restaurants are a ubiquitous sight in New York City and elsewhere.
Chinese restaurants are capable of advertises.
Chinese restaurants are common throughout Australia.
Chinese restaurants are fairly common, at least in cities and larger towns.
Chinese restaurants are just all over the city.
Chinese restaurants are located in chinas.
Chinese restaurants are located in cities.
Chinese restaurants are located in commercial buildings.
Chinese restaurants are located in phone books.
Chinese restaurants are popular in Estonia as well.
Chinese restaurants are used for eating.
Chinese restaurants are used for food.
Chinese restaurants boom.
Chinese restaurants can easily mix a bit of shrimp in with other meals.
Chinese restaurants have all sorts of subliminable messages.
Chinese restaurants hire workers that works hard and are efficient and speedy.
Any Chinese restaurant has it for take-out.
Many Chinese restaurants use imported commercial grade meats that are usually unappetizing.
Most Chinese restaurants come in one of two flavours.
Most Chinese restaurants have a few vegetarian dishes.
Chinese river dolphins Sea-world trains dolphins to do tricks for people.
Some chinese robes have pockets.
Chinese roots are also more real than apparent, often hidden by conversions.
Chinese rubber tends to be spinier, but also heavier.
Chinese rugs are symbolic in design with trees, animals and dragons telling a story.
Chinese rulers are accustomed to a system in which political power is centralised.
Chinese school is an option that some ex-patriates choose.
Chinese schools emphasize comprehensive learning in all subjects.
Chinese schools ends the day.
Every Chinese school is encouraged to organize the mock test as a test site.
Most Chinese schools are much more strict then the schools in the United States.
Chinese scientist become the first to clone a fish - a golden carp.
Chinese scientists are now able to create electricity with the assistance of raindrops.
Chinese scientists believe stem cells can be used to grow body organs for transplant operations.
Chinese scientists blame the early arrival of the floods on global warming.
Chinese scientists blame the floods on global warming.
Chinese scientists explain why they like global warming.
Chinese scientists hope to conduct environmental research in High Arctic.
Chinese scientists recognize global warming has benefits as well as costs.
Chinese scientists report pandas.
Chinese scientists report zoo pandas.
Chinese scientists take notes while studying crops in Urbana, Illinois.
Most chinese scientists report pandas.
Most chinese scientists report zoo pandas.
Some Chinese scientists are critical of panda cloning.
Some chinese scientists discover theropods.
Chinese screws are softer than typical American screws, so be careful.
Chinese script is very interesting.
Chinese sculpture is based on the concept of li , or reason.
Chinese secrecy compounds the difficulty.
Chinese shops sell imported jade, silks, glass, dolls, needlework and wall decorations.
Chinese shoppers can currently pay for goods bought online in a number of ways.
Chinese silk is highly prized throughout the world.
Chinese Singers Link.
Chinese sisters go up against a wolf dressed as their grandmother.
Chinese sites can be very slow in loading.
Chinese soccer needs that badly for their game to progress at the club level.
Chinese society gives the ultimate respect to their elders.
Chinese society is built on falsehoods.
Chinese society is more industrial.
Chinese society is obviously much different today, and the new campaign has had successes.
Chinese society seethes with discontent as danger lurks on every side.
Chinese software is needed for some of the browsing.
Chinese software is needed.
Chinese solders go on organized hunts, using automatic machine-guns.
Chinese soldiers are everywhere.
Chinese soldiers are soldiers.
Chinese soldiers garrison every major town in Tibet to prevent rebellion.
Chinese soldiers march in with the Chinese flag shortly before midnight.
Chinese sources left by the early settlers, though rare, record their first encounters.
Chinese sources say they're at a guest house.
All Chinese speakers share the same written language .
Many Chinese speakers find Vietnamese easy to grasp.
Chinese specialties abound, but one of the most unique is shark's fin.
Chinese spokesmen say that their country seeks peace so that it can concentrate on development.
Some Chinese states start minting coins.
Chinese Sticks Show two sticks, each with a string and tassel on one end.
Chinese students are very self-conscious when asked to express their views in public.
Chinese students are welcome to join the game.
Chinese students can now obtain an American education without leaving their home or work in China.
Chinese students continue to return from overseas for visits without any apparent problem.
Chinese students exit the self-contained program long before they are reclassified.
Chinese students face enormous academic pressure.
Chinese students get cheap health care.
Chinese students know far more than most American students do about other countries.
Chinese students progress from the self-contained class, to partial mainstream, to full mainstream.
Chinese students wear team uniforms.
Chinese students write about Chinese New Year.
All Chinese students are welcome to come and enjoy the party.
Every Chinese student is welcomed.
Many Chinese students are in.
Many Chinese students go there for weekly or monthly shopping.
Most Chinese students live in apartments or houses that are relatively cheap and close to campus.
Chinese studies center.
Chinese studies indicate that root extracts are antibacterial, and useful against blood flukes.
Chinese studies show that it slows a rapid heartbeat, generally improving cardiac activity.
Chinese style exercises for mastering the mind and strengthening the body.
Chinese style is very colorful, so they have large and colorful statues of the various bodhisattvas.
Many Chinese superstars are here to observe, and to give exhibitions.
Chinese suppliers have material specifications.
Chinese suppliers have specifications.
Most chinese suppliers have material specifications.
Most chinese suppliers have specifications.
Chinese supremacy is unchallenged for a hundres years.
Chinese surnames are, generally, monosyllabic.
Chinese Surnames Find info on surnames.
Most Chinese surnames consist of a single Chinese character, but a few have two.
Chinese symbols come in a slot.
Chinese Table Sign up in Chinese department or email ywang .
Chinese tanks are simply copies of Russian tanks.
Chinese tea is popular, as is a chai-like black tea served over a layer of sweetened condensed milk.
Chinese tea is served in teapots in most cheaper restaurants and noodle stalls.
Chinese teas are slightly laxative, or help clear phlegm without irritating the nervous system.
Chinese teas tend to be higher in caffeine than Japanese teas.
Chinese teachers are non-native speakers of English.
Chinese teachers have a peculiar method of meting out punishment.
Chinese teaching is traditional and the student learns from the teacher.
Many Chinese technicians are technically excellent.
Chinese teenager loves the size of American men.
Chinese telecommunications fall apart.
Chinese Temples are repositories of the history of the people and for ancestor worship.
Chinese terms appear in both Western and non-Western script.
Chinese text is included in addition to the English.
Chinese text uses a centered baseline that runs through the centers of the characters.
Chinese texts name specific people and events.
Chinese textbooks emphasize the tight, choppy and stirring pulses as indicators of pain.
Chinese theory is hard to explain.
Chinese tigers are highly endangered.
Chinese today can and do use their phones around the country.
Chinese today experience their greatest modern author through the prism of ideology.
Chinese tour guides one time or another.
Chinese traders control most of the food markets in the city.
Chinese traders sell their goods for lower prices and take away clients from local traders.
Many Chinese traders get goods on credit from state-owned factories in their home provinces.
Chinese tradition associates every year with a particular animal.
Chinese tradition classifies goldfish into four main types.
Chinese tradition has guests write their name on a large swatch of red silk with a special brush.
Chinese tradition holds that adding the items to the tea helps to encourage fertility.
Chinese translation includes both traditional and simplified Chinese characters.
Chinese translation is provided in the direction.
Chinese translations are available.
Every chinese translation goes through an extensive quality control procedure.
Chinese troops enter the conflict by year's end.
Chinese troops enter the Korean War.
Chinese troops enter Tibet.
Chinese troops invade Tibet.
Chinese truffles act like sponges.
Most Chinese universities offer short-term training courses for foreigners.
Chinese vegetables are delightful served in our own special sauce.
Chinese vegetables are time intensive crops.
Chinese vegetables provide great nutrition for the people in China.
Chinese version is here.
Chinese versions are also available.
Chinese versions use wheat dough, while the Vietnamese and Thai versions use a rice paper wrapper.
Chinese versions use wheat doughs, while the Vietnamese and Thai versions use a rice paper wrapper.
Chinese viewer is required.
Chinese villagers brush dogs with twigs to repel fleas.
Chinese vinegars tend to be darker in color and stronger tasting than the clear Japanese variety.
Chinese visitors click here .
Many Chinese visitors wear western brand-name clothes.
Chinese voters are finally at the political table.
Chinese whispers Sit everyone in a circle.
Chinese wisteria is a shade-tolerant vine, but it blooms only when grown in the sun.
Chinese woman personals Chinese women from China and worldwide seek penpals.
Chinese women are inherently tough.
Chinese women are less likely to receive mammograms than white women.
Chinese women are much more respected if their one child is male.
Chinese women come from very hardy stock.
Chinese women come to terms with American culture in various ways.
Chinese women have low rates of breast cancer.
Chinese women speak.
Most Chinese women hold strong belief on family value and tradition.
Most Chinese women working in foreign office are young, college educated, smart and pretty.
Some chinese women establish calendars.
Some chinese women establish lunar calendars.
Chinese Wontons Make a fun version of a wonton.
Chinese words are either pictographs, ideographs, or phonectic characters.
Chinese words are monosyllabic.
Every Chinese word can have only one form.
Most Chinese words consist of two or more characters.
Chinese workers seem to always have at their side a jar of tea.
Chinese workers take jobs.
Most chinese workers take jobs.
Some chinese workers build railways.
Chinese writing goes down.
Chinese writing is a complex system of thousands of pictographic and ideographic characters.
Chinese writing is about cooking.
Chinese writing is written from top to bottom.
Chinese youth are fortunate to live in a relatively simple and peaceful environment.
Chiness foods contain more fat compared to American foods.
A chink is sound
Chinks are knee length and warn in warm weather.
Chinle rugs tend to use pastel or restrained colors lots of natural greys, whites, golds and greens.
A chino is cloth
Chino also serves on the special emphasis panel to address the needs of minority communities.
Chino is an irresponsible kid, very talented.
Chino is good with other dogs, and has been living with one for quite some time now.
Chinos are all about personal style.
Chinos are fabric.
Chinos can be Khaki color.
All chinos go well with any type of blazer or sports jacket.
A chinook salmon is salmon
Chinook salmon are an important species both economically and culturally.
Chinook salmon are available in reasonable condition and catchable numbers six months each year.
Chinook salmon are fish.
Chinook salmon are in danger on their way upstream as well as on their way back to the ocean.
Chinook salmon are now available farm-raised.
Chinook salmon are one of six anadromous salmonid species found in the Pacific Northwest.
Chinook salmon are part of chinooks.
Chinook salmon are salmon.
Chinook salmon are the largest and sockeye the smallest salmon.
Chinook salmon are the most sought-after gamefish in the Trinity River system.
Chinook salmon attract the largest and most loyal group of island anglers.
Chinook salmon come from marine fisheries and fish farms.
Chinook salmon is also an important subsistence fish and a valuable recreational resource.
Chinook wind is wind
Chinook winds are warm, dry winds that occur on the lee- side of high mountain ranges.
Chinook winds are warm, dry winds.
Chinook winds bring deep snow and naturally groom the alpine bowls.
Chinook winds make most winter days warm and pleasant.
Chinook winds result in great powder skiing.
Chinook winds warm the daytime temperatures while the evenings are cool.
A chinook is wind
Chinook also faces a challenge on the cost side of the ledger.
Chinook also live in some inland lakes around the world.
Chinook alsoprovides gateway access to local and state library catalogs.
Chinook are native to most of the Pacific rim.
Chinook are perhaps the most economically important and valuable of all salmon.
Chinook are simply magnificent fish.
Chinook are the favorite of most for eating.
Chinook are their favorite food and they have been in short supply in the inside waters of late.
Chinook becomes world checkers champion.
Chinook claims to have a comfortable advantage.
Chinook come up from the south that night and done melted all the snow.
Chinook feed on insects and other small creatures while young and mostly on other fish when older.
Chinook feed primarily on fish such as alewives and smelt.
Chinook have a black gum and coho have a white gum.
Chinook have a Black gum line which is present in both salt and freshwater.
Chinook have a characteristic black lower jaw at the base of the teeth while coho's are white.
Chinook have a longer body with a conical head.
Chinook have black gums.
Chinook have large irregular spots on their back, upper sides and their entire tail.
Chinook here tend to stay close to the surface.
Chinook is a Native American name for king salmon.
Chinook is also accessible with a personal computer and modem.
Chinook is idle.
Chinook is light and close to albino.
Chinook is like an employment agency.
Chinook is the first computer program to win a human vs. machine world championship competition.
Chinook is the son and is sitting on top of the dog house.
Chinook means like a warm south wind.
Chinook performs in the harshest weather.
Chinook Play against the world champion checker program.
Chinook range from southern California to northern Alaska.
Chinook returning to spawn vary greatly in age - from two to eight years.
Chinook seem to prefer deep, fast streams with large gravel.
Chinook stay in the lake for three to five years before returning to their home streams.
Chinook tend to feed near steep shorelines and drop offs, typically near the bottom.
Chinook watches over as the cub explores.
Chinooks adapt well to family life and prefer the company of their human family.
Chinooks also bite on whole or cut baitfish, and on spinner-salmon egg combinations.
Chinooks are a rare and versatile sled dog.
Chinooks are a rare breed and there is a natural range of size in the breed.
Chinooks are big strong fish that are a challenge to catch and are good to eat.
Chinooks are born in fresh water.
Chinooks are extremely wary and sensitive to light.
Chinooks are fond of children and made ideal family pets.
Chinooks are fond of children and make a wonderful family pet.
Chinooks are loyal and hard working dogs with a gentle temperament.
Chinooks are one of several species that make runs from Lake Michigan into the tributaries.
Chinooks are salmon.
Chinooks are sled dogs who work for love.
Chinooks are the largest salmon.
Chinooks are the largest salmonids that spawn in our watershed.
Chinooks are versatile and loyal sled dogs native to Maine and New Hampshire.
Chinooks are warm, dry westerly winds which occur quite frequently in the foothills region.
Chinooks are wind.
Chinooks can happen year-round, although the warming condition is more apparent in colder weather.
Chinooks do well.
Chinooks have a double coat consisting of a downy undercoat and a course overcoat.
Chinooks have a double coat of medium length hair.
Chinooks have no regularly occurring, breed-specific health problems.
Chinooks migrate up freshwater streams from the saltwater of the ocean in autumn.
Chinooks occur quite frequently during the winter season.
Chinooks spawn during the lowest flows of the season.
Chinooks start to linger closer and closer to the mouth of the harbor at Rochester.
Chinooks thus vary from silvery to black in color.
Chinook always treats every move the same and tries to win every game fairly.
Chinook usually mature in their third or fourth year.
All chinook die after spawning.
All chinook reach their spawning grounds by fall, in time to spawn.
All chinooks die after spawning.
Most chinook have a four-year life span.
Chinquapin oak is chestnut oak
Chinquapin oak is considered an excellent timber tree.
Chinquapin oaks spread their branches over a grassy lawn.
Chinse medicine is very structured, and fits perfectly into database layouts.
Chip cards act as means of security for identification, access, and payment transactions.
Chip cards are a great alternative to carrying cash.
Chip cards are more difficult and costly to counterfeit than conventional magnetic stripe cards.
Chip cards are still in development.
Chip cards can help to reduce fraud.
Chip cards make it possible to put computerized payment technology into the hands of the consumer.
Chip design is serious stuff.
Chip seal has one significant deficiency, though.
Chip seal is an asphalt-aggregate surface treatment used as a wearing and waterproofing layer.
Chip seal is like the slipcover on the road.
Chip seals are economical surface treatments designed to protect and prolong the lives of pavements.
Chip seals have a layer of small rocks placed over a thick coat of liquid asphalt.
Chip sets are also available.
Chip sets are key circuitry that allow a processor to communicate with the rest of the system.
Chip Talk covers innovative software, hardware breakthroughs, and web sites with a good hook.
Chip technology is vital to our area.
Chip technology makes it possible.
Chip timing allows each runner's time to start when they reach the starting line.
A chip is a fragment
CHIP are pleasure point earners.
Chip brings a wealth of professional sports administration experience to the Sea Dragons.
Chip can play any room and deliver a solid show and a good time for all.
Chip can use first person singular subject pronouns correctly.
Chip clearly poses as a positive role model for many.
Chip contains just the memory.
CHIP covers physicians, hospitals, dental, vision, prescriptions and more.
Chip currently represents clients in all areas of environmental law.
CHIP data only in cloudy skies.
Chip deposits one flag on top and the other at the base of the break, where it flattens out.
Chip designs for smaller devices licensable by other chip manufacturers.
CHIP dials again, then stops.
Chip enjoys all of the attention, and says that the hard work and vigorous practices are worth it.
Chip enjoys modern art as well as traditional art.
Chip gets nothing.
Chip gets on base a lot.
CHIP gives money to state governments.
CHIP groans and lies down again.
Chip has big floppy ears.
Chip has cystic fibrosis, a disorder that makes breathing a struggle at times.
Chip has one.
Chip has two different memory addressing designs.
Chip helps people navigate the challenges in their lives and careers.
Chip is a bit of a contrarian.
Chip is a clown, a good dog and a joy to have around the house.
Chip is a great instructor.
Chip is a native of Bloomington, Indiana.
Chip is a nerd.
Chip is a nervous wreck.
Chip is a perfect ambassador to take our educational messages to young people.
Chip is a racer playing businessman.
Chip is a real serious racer.
Chip is a seasoned veteran in navigating the tumultuous waters of Latin American economics.
Chip is a techno wiz, and has all sorts of crazy computer skills.
Chip is a truely a great horse,and sire.
Chip is able to manage a minnow s swim range by modifying the distance between the hook and shot.
Chip is also a range biologist at the Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge.
Chip is an amazingly determined individual.
Chip is an attorney in private practice, with a focus or mediation and arbitration.
Chip is an honor student and an avid reader.
Chip is an officer in the Fort Worth police department.
Chip is another hero in our church.
Chip is asleep in the back seat.
Chip is big and beautiful.
Chip is committed to guiding the human spirit to new heights.
Chip is currently in a boarding facility.
Chip is designed to track user's habits.
Chip is divided into many annuli so that each annulus has approximately a constant flux level.
Chip is everyone's potential confidant.
Chip is in the park, looking at a scrap of paper in numeric code.
Chip is needed for the wing margin enhancer of cut .
Chip is out of the country at the time.
Chip is responsible for our marketing and advertising efforts.
Chip is the weekday chef and proprietor.
Chip is used to authenticate the card dynamically.
Chip just happens to be a brilliant young man.
Chip just lives across the street from the church building.
Chip just wants someone to love and be with.
Chip lead a discussion of Florida laws pertaining to bicycling.
Chip leads hitting sidewalls of carrier pockets causing vision system to give false readings.
Chip likes to run with dogs as they play.
Chip lives in Houston.
Chip lives in s small college town that is very dog-friendly.
Chip loves to travel.
Chip maintains a daily ski report for Canaan Valley.
Chip matching Both vector and raster matching is performed.
Chip means elevators.
CHIP meets homelessness face to face by providing a multiplicity of services.
Chip mounting services are also available.
Chip needs to follow suit.
CHIP organises or assists in organising the planning and execution of clinical controlled trials.
Chip owns a slaughterhouse as well as the farm and the address is on the package.
CHIP picks up the phone.
Chip places a pink ball onto the tee box.
Chip plays in the band, plays in sports and takes computer classes.
Chip produces very strong-hocked horses, with pretty heads and long necks.
CHIP provides constraint solvers over finite arithmetic, linear rational, and Boolean domains.
CHIP purchases insurance coverage for eligible children from low-income households.
Chip rallies the group and reinforces their common vision.
Chip s on a conveyor belt.
Chip sealed roads are lighter in color than fog sealed roads.
Chip searches big bays for troughs and holes.
Chip See integrated circuit .
Chip sets galore.
CHIP share unclear.
Chip shots Double play.
Chip shots Some weighty issues.
Chip shots through a maze of bodies.
Chip specializes in multipurpose computer projects including web page design.
Chip speeds off.
Chip starts it out.
Chip touches several weak spots in the internet industry.
Chip wants to win the race.
CHIP works to strengthen the family .
CHIPs accompanies each of the above programs.
Chips also are easier and cheaper to transport than logs.
Chips are a favourite snack with people of all ages, all over the world.
Chips are a good place to put a factory, disks are a good place to put the raw materials.
Chips are a unifying culinary item.
Chips are a very attractive alternative.
Chips are a very profitable business.
Chips are also very tasty.popcorn too.
Chips are approachs.
Chips are as pervasive in the world today as stars on a clear and moonless night.
Chips are available at most convenience stores.
Chips are breakage.
Chips are counters.
Chips are destiny.
Chips are down Losing the antitrust action.
Chips are down.
Chips are droppings.
Chips are easier than logs.
Chips are easy to dispose of and to ship, because there s no duty on processors.
Chips are encapsulated in a hermetically sealed plastic or ceramic enclosure called a package.
Chips are essential to virtually all electronic products.
Chips are essentially computers with firmware or software that is on the chip.
Chips are extremely sharp.
Chips are flakes.
Chips are floats.
Chips are food.
Chips are fourth-generation machines.
Chips are fries.
Chips are generally nearly flat black quadrangles a few millimeters thick.
Chips are good too, but no dip.
Chips are hard to find and expensive.
Chips are killers.
Chips are larger and coarser than sawdust.
Chips are like fat fries.
Chips are located in bars.
Chips are located in casinos.
Chips are located in pantries.
Chips are located in supermarkets.
Chips are magazines.
Chips are next.
Chips are nondenominational objects, typically played on roulette tables.
Chips are nothing but putts with lofted clubs.
Chips are now a distraction in comparrision.
Chips are often available free from aborists andutility companies.
Chips are OK as long as they are cooked in fresh olive oil.
Chips are our provincial provender and our national nosh.
Chips are part of computers.
Chips are redeemable for raffle tickets.
Chips are semiconductor devices.
Chips are similar to the tokens and can be used in the same ways.
Chips are slices of cheese that have been baked.
Chips are small separation devices.
Chips are snack food.
Chips are Taiwan's strategic production.
Chips are the proxy leader until another sector emerges from here.
Chips are the size of a baby's fingernail.
Chips are the tiny silicon-based devices that run much of the world's electronic equipment.
Chips are to be worn around the ankle via the velco strap that accompanies the chip.
Chips are ubiquitous and are getting better.
Chips are very small.
Chips can carry more information than magnetic stripes can.
Chips can do a lot many things.
Chips can occur and periodontal disease is a common problem.
Chips can rightfully claim being the first magazine with electronic distribution.
Chips can then process data, make calculations, compare information, and perform operations.
Chips come in a variety of packages.
Chips consist of complex patterns of wires and switches.
Chips disappear from tables.
Chips drop in from the top.
Chips FAQs on specific, popular ICs is a good place to start.
Chips flow to three storage bins at the loading facility to be loaded into trucks.
Chips fly out both ends and through the bunghole.
Chips get cheaper every year.
Chips get faster and cheaper.
Chips go back and forth for a long time until a crucial hand comes up.
Chips go into everything.
Chips go next, and data is lost.
Chips has a combined hard copy and electronic readership of a half million people.
Chips has offices in Melbourne, Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth.
Chips have a very interesting history.
Chips have no value in and of themselves.
Chips have practical value as mulch and can be converted into briquettes quite readily.
Chips is a good listener.
Chips is a very beautiful dog.
Chips is very dignified and calm.
Chips keep getting cheaper.
Chips made of blue corn tortillas look especially spooky.
Chips make a hot fire but are quickly consumed, so it takes a lot of feeding.
Chips make up the level closest to the Bone Zone .
Chips manage solar current .
Chips now dawn unbreakable plates.
Chips operate within a different metric.
Chips perform various tasks by design, meaning that some are more complex than others.
Chips run out of gas.
Chips slag from furnace, using chipping bar.
Chips stack into piles.
Chips tell the gaming history of Las Vegas.
Chips tend to appreciate in value when they leave a casino, and that's great.
Chips typically contain internal and external cache.
All chips are available for sale or trade.
All chips are in stock, according to a sales representative.
All chips execute the same instruction.
All chips have a bit depth rating from the manufacturer.
All chips have a timing device, usually a clock, which uses hours only or both date AND time .
Every chip comes with a well defined interfaced bounded by some number of pins.
Every chip is purchased.
Every chip is verified and tested before it is shipped to a customer.
Many chips have the mutliplier locked.
Many chips read dates in only two digits.
Many chips updated in the past two years have it.
Most chips are white, but some are pink or gray.
Most chips have thin metal legs that connect to the integrated circuit inside.
Most chips have unused pins, though usually they are still present.
Most chips now come with a faster bus.
Some chips are easier to recognize than others.
Some chips are more susceptible to damage than others.
Some chips are twice as large as the area used to collect photons.
Some chips can correct four bad symbols in the second stage in some cases.
Some chips can correct four bad symbols in the second stage.
Some chips do use organic ingredients.
Some chips have pinout information within the chipdir .
Some chips represent oil spills.
Some chips run the memory at the same speed as the graphics chip.
Some chips show their strengths when recording, others during video playback.
A chipmunk is a squirrel
Chipmunk is available for licensing.
Chipmunk isa squirrel.
Chipmunks achieve maturity.
Chipmunks achieve sexual maturity.
Chipmunks also enjoy nuts and fruits.
Chipmunks also prey on young birds and their eggs.
Chipmunks are abroad during the daytime.
Chipmunks are active during the day and sleep in their underground burrows at night.
Chipmunks are actually small squirrels, which are indigenous to North America.
Chipmunks are also members of the squirrel family.
Chipmunks are among the smallest of the ground-type squirrels, some weighing only an ounce or two.
Chipmunks are an important prey animal for a number of predators.
Chipmunks are attracted to a variety of foods, especially nuts, grains, and berries.
Chipmunks are attracted to areas that offer food and shelter.
Chipmunks are attracted to bird feeders where they gather spilled seed.
Chipmunks are awake.
Chipmunks are back in business.
Chipmunks are common throughout the park.
Chipmunks are counters so their values continue to increase with time.
Chipmunks are diurnal mammals and hibernate in cold weather.
Chipmunks are easy to catch and can be caught with little effort.
Chipmunks are easy to distinguish.
Chipmunks are eight to ten inches long and weigh two and a half to four ounces.
Chipmunks are graceful and spry, quick to dart for their underground burrows when startled.
Chipmunks are ground animals.
Chipmunks are ground dwellers .
Chipmunks are jittery little creatures.
Chipmunks are kept as popular and entertaining pets.
Chipmunks are known for having an omnivorous diet.
Chipmunks are known to be hibernators, even in the southern parts of their range.
Chipmunks are located in parks.
Chipmunks are located in state parks.
Chipmunks are mammals.
Chipmunks are most active during the early morning and late afternoon.
Chipmunks are most active in early morning and late afternoon.
Chipmunks are most active in the early morning and late afternoon.
Chipmunks are most active in the early morning.
Chipmunks are much smaller than squirrels.
Chipmunks are native to North America.
Chipmunks are omniverous, feeding on plant and animal material.
Chipmunks are omnivores, dining on various types of foods that are found mostly on the ground.
Chipmunks are omnivores.
Chipmunks are omnivorous.
Chipmunks are perhaps cuter than they are harmful, but can still cause damage in the garden.
Chipmunks are prey for many mammals and birds.
Chipmunks are proliferous, as well as deer, thrushes, r-b grosbeaks and Eastern tiger swallowtails.
Chipmunks are quite vocal.
Chipmunks are rodents that are a type of squirrel.
Chipmunks are small animals that resemble grey squirrels.
Chipmunks are small rodents who frequent forests or dense brush.
Chipmunks are small striped squirrels in the genus Tamias.
Chipmunks are so small and fast that they can easily get lost in a large room.
Chipmunks are social animals, and both the male and female raise their young.
Chipmunks are solitary and hibernate in the winter.
Chipmunks are solitary in nature.
Chipmunks are sort of famous, too.
Chipmunks are squirrels.
Chipmunks are still a problem, but they are really like old friends anymore.
Chipmunks are strategic animals.
Chipmunks are sure to be seen.
Chipmunks are very busy during the warmer months.
Chipmunks are very lively and very fast.
Chipmunks are very vocal and make a variety of noises.
Chipmunks are very vocal and some of the calls sound like bird chirps.
Chipmunks build an elaborate underground burrow for sleeping.
Chipmunks can be a problem several ways.
Chipmunks can be a serious pest on seeds of vine crops, peas, and beans.
Chipmunks can be very beneficial to humans and the environment.
Chipmunks can climb, run and swim.
Chipmunks can have both stimulatory and inhibitory impacts on ecological succession processes.
Chipmunks can store large amounts of food in their pouched cheeks.
Chipmunks can stow away an astonishing amount of food in their inner cheek pouches.
Chipmunks can tolerate a wide range of living situations.
Chipmunks can urinate and defecate when captured.
Chipmunks carry food.
Chipmunks cause considerable damage.
Chipmunks cause damage.
Chipmunks cause serious agricultural damage.
Chipmunks cause significant damage.
Chipmunks change behavior.
Chipmunks chat with chickens.
Chipmunks chew cherries and cheese in a chair.
Chipmunks chew on wiring which causes wire damage as well as wall and attic fires.
Chipmunks conceal the exits with leaves and rocks.
Chipmunks consume a diet comprised primarily of nuts, fruits and seeds.
Chipmunks defend territory.
Chipmunks demonstrate behavior.
Chipmunks depend on food.
Chipmunks desire nuts.
Chipmunks detect predators.
Chipmunks dig extensive burrow systems directly underneath or next to natural or manmade cover.
Chipmunks dig their burrows, pushing or carrying excavated dirt away from the entrance.
Chipmunks dig tunnels under rocks or bushes.
Chipmunks eat a wide variety of seed, fruit, and nuts.
Chipmunks eat all kinds of seeds, berries, grasses and even an occasional flower.
Chipmunks eat berries, baby snakes, nuts, and grasshoppers.
Chipmunks eat berries.
Chipmunks eat food.
Chipmunks eat leaves.
Chipmunks eat mostly plants, but they also eat small invertebrates such as snails or slugs.
Chipmunks eat nuts.
Chipmunks eat seeds, nuts, grains, and fruit.
Chipmunks eat the seeds, while deer occasionally eat the foliage.
Chipmunks eat vegetation.
Chipmunks eat young leaves.
Chipmunks emerge from hibernation.
Chipmunks enjoy nuts.
Chipmunks enter buildings for shelter and nesting.
Chipmunks enter hibernation.
Chipmunks enter into states.
Chipmunks enter into torpid states.
Chipmunks excrete feces less condensed.
Chipmunks favor areas with stone walls or rotting logs and heavy ground cover.
Chipmunks feed up to six times a day, eating a small meal each time.
Chipmunks fill cheek pouches.
Chipmunks fill pouches.
Chipmunks generally have stouter bodies than other squirrels.
Chipmunks get into camps and homes on occasion and can cause limited structural damage.
Chipmunks give birth to live babies.
Chipmunks greet each other by rubbing cheeks and noses.
Chipmunks grow into adulthood.
Chipmunks harvest the unripened seeds in our butterfly garden and rob the birds of a feast.
Chipmunks hate to sit still for any time.
Chipmunks have (part) brains.
Chipmunks have (part) breasts.
Chipmunks have (part) cell membranes.
Chipmunks have (part) cells.
Chipmunks have (part) chest cavities.
Chipmunks have (part) chests.
Chipmunks have (part) corpi.
Chipmunks have (part) cytoplasm.
Chipmunks have (part) ears.
Chipmunks have (part) faces.
Chipmunks have (part) heads.
Chipmunks have (part) nuclei.
Chipmunks have (part) pedal extremities.
Chipmunks have (part) piluses.
Chipmunks have (part) plasma membranes.
Chipmunks have (part) rib cages.
Chipmunks have (part) sections.
Chipmunks have (part) skulls.
Chipmunks have (part) sterna.
Chipmunks have (part) vacuoles.
Chipmunks have (part) vertebrate feet.
Chipmunks have a hopping gait so the back feet land next to each other.
Chipmunks have a similar diet, but smaller plants are consumed.
Chipmunks have an omnivorous diet primarily consisting of seeds, nuts and other fruits, and buds .
Chipmunks have cheek pouches in which they carry food to store in their burrows.
Chipmunks have cheek pouches.
Chipmunks have coats.
Chipmunks have ears to listen for enemies.
Chipmunks have eyes.
Chipmunks have homes.
Chipmunks have internal pouches.
Chipmunks have large pouches.
Chipmunks have light colored stripes surrounded by black.
Chipmunks have limit ranges.
Chipmunks have no white undertail.
Chipmunks have pouches.
Chipmunks have ranges.
Chipmunks have sensitive eyes.
Chipmunks have sides.
Chipmunks have the amazing ability to stuff their cheeks full of food.
Chipmunks have undersides.
Chipmunks have white undersides.
Chipmunks hibernate during the cold winter months.
Chipmunks inhabit mature woodlands.
Chipmunks inhabit parts of a number of countries, including the United States and Russia.
Chipmunks inhabit woodlands.
Chipmunks lead primarily solitary lives.
Chipmunks leave an odor when they die and they leave fecal contamination.
Chipmunks leave burrows.
Chipmunks live for two to three years in the wild and five to eight years in captivity.
Chipmunks live in burrows excavated in the ground, and they're more frequently heard than seen.
Chipmunks live in forests and edges of forests and are also found around suburban and rural areas.
Chipmunks live in woodlands, lawns, gardens, parks, and brushy areas.
Chipmunks live in woodlands.
Chipmunks love berries.
Chipmunks love eat berries.
Chipmunks make burrows.
Chipmunks make use of specially adapted internal cheek pouches as a method of carrying food around.
Chipmunks make various sounds to communicate.
Chipmunks mate both in early spring and early summer.
Chipmunks mate more frequently and have larger litters when food supplies are plentiful.
Chipmunks mate once or twice per year and give birth to litters of one to eight offspring.
Chipmunks mate two times a year, in early spring and again early in the summer.
Chipmunks naturally feed on flower bulbs, fruit, seeds, and seedlings.
Chipmunks need plenty.
Chipmunks occasionally kill and eat birds, especially nestlings.
Chipmunks occupy ranges.
Chipmunks play tag there every afternoon.
Chipmunks plug their den entrances when they go underground.
Chipmunks prefer to live in solitude and lead self-dependant lives.
Chipmunks produce one or two litters a year.
Chipmunks remain in burrows.
Chipmunks remove the fresh dirt from the opening to avoid being conspicuous to predators.
Chipmunks require colder temperatures to hibernate.
Chipmunks run very fast.
Chipmunks rustle among fallen leaves and deer sightings are frequent.
Chipmunks seem to feel their emotions with their tails.
Chipmunks sleep alone.
Chipmunks spend most of their days foraging.
Chipmunks spend most of their time on the ground rather than in trees.
Chipmunks spend much time in late summer and fall gathering and storing food.
Chipmunks stalk very quietly then when they are a foot away they jump after their prey.
Chipmunks stay away from hot sauce and similar tastes such as cayenne pepper.
Chipmunks stay in burrows.
Chipmunks store food.
Chipmunks store their food in their burrows.
Chipmunks take dust baths rolling in the dirt.
Chipmunks to eat food.
Chipmunks use holes in trees or logs.
Chipmunks use teeth.
Chipmunks vary in size and colour depending on species.
Chipmunks weigh ounces.
Chipmunks often seek out strawberries, blackberries and other berries that grow close to the ground.
Chipmunks sometimes are confused with red squirrels.
Chipmunks usually live about three years.
All chipmunks have facial stripes.
Many chipmunks dig extensive networks of burrows.
Most chipmunks achieve maturity.
Most chipmunks achieve sexual maturity.
Most chipmunks carry food.
Most chipmunks cause considerable damage.
Most chipmunks cause damage.
Most chipmunks cause serious agricultural damage.
Most chipmunks cause significant damage.
Most chipmunks defend territory.
Most chipmunks depend on food.
Most chipmunks detect predators.
Most chipmunks eat berries.
Most chipmunks eat food.
Most chipmunks eat leaves.
Most chipmunks eat nuts.
Most chipmunks eat vegetation.
Most chipmunks eat young leaves.
Most chipmunks emerge from hibernation.
Most chipmunks enjoy nuts.
Most chipmunks enter hibernation.
Most chipmunks enter into states.
Most chipmunks enter into torpid states.
Most chipmunks fill cheek pouches.
Most chipmunks fill pouches.
Most chipmunks grow into adulthood.
Most chipmunks have cheek pouches.
Most chipmunks have coats.
Most chipmunks have eyes.
Most chipmunks have homes.
Most chipmunks have internal pouches.
Most chipmunks have large pouches.
Most chipmunks have limit ranges.
Most chipmunks have pouches.
Most chipmunks have ranges.
Most chipmunks have sensitive eyes.
Most chipmunks have sides.
Most chipmunks have undersides.
Most chipmunks have white undersides.
Most chipmunks inhabit mature woodlands.
Most chipmunks leave burrows.
Most chipmunks live in woodlands.
Most chipmunks make burrows.
Most chipmunks occupy ranges.
Most chipmunks remain in burrows.
Most chipmunks stay in burrows.
Most chipmunks use teeth.
Most chipmunks weigh ounces.
Some chipmunks become pests.
Some chipmunks become serious pests.
Some chipmunks carry babies.
Some chipmunks carry dirt.
Some chipmunks construct tunnels.
Some chipmunks consume raspberry fruit.
Some chipmunks consume red fruit.
Some chipmunks consume red raspberry fruit.
Some chipmunks defend areas.
Some chipmunks eat crickets.
Some chipmunks eat fruit.
Some chipmunks eat insects.
Some chipmunks emerge from burrows.
Some chipmunks enter inactivity.
Some chipmunks follow normal procedures.
Some chipmunks follow procedures.
Some chipmunks gather food.
Some chipmunks have calls.
Some chipmunks have rooms.
Some chipmunks have senses.
Some chipmunks live for several years.
Some chipmunks live for years.
Some chipmunks live in basins.
Some chipmunks live in burrows.
Some chipmunks live in logs.
Some chipmunks live in underground burrows.
Some chipmunks make nests in logs or in bushes.
Some chipmunks move into areas.
Some chipmunks provide care.
Some chipmunks reach maturity.
Some chipmunks reach sexual maturity.
Some chipmunks suffer health.
Some chipmunks suffer poor health.
Chipotle chile gives the salsa a smoky, hot taste.
Chipotle chiles are red ripe jalapeno chiles that have been smoked in banana leaves.
Chipotle chilies are smoked chilies that are usually jalapenos or other spicy chilies.
Chipotle chilies are smoked jalapeno chilies and are very hot.
Chipotle mayonnaise completes the composition.
Chipotle pepper are really good for smoky flavor.
Chipotle peppers are large jalapenos that have been dried and smoked.
Chipotle powder is also available.
Chipotle powder is used like any other chile powder to flavor rubs, sauces, chili con carne, etc.
Chipotle salsa is the perfect addition to roasted potatoes.
A chipotle is a chile
Chipotles are jalapenos.
Chipotles are pure smoke as they are hot.
Chipotles are smoked jalapeno peppers, found in dry form or canned.
Chipotles are totally multipurpose.
Chipotles are very hard and tend to take longer.
Chipotles are very popular and are used in many ways.
Chipotles come in other forms as well.
Chipotles is the dried version, which can also be found here at the market.
Chipotles radiate with piercing, smoky heat.
Chipped eucalyptus makes an excellent mulch.
Chipped paths wind around spacious beds of herbs, wildflowers, succulents, kiwis and strawberries.
Chipped players are single-region DVD players that have been modified to play all regions.
Chipped surfaces can be white in color.
Chipped teeth wear more rapidly than unchipped teeth.
Most chipset suppliers provide free reference schematics in electronic form.
Chiral asymmetry is apparent in almost all living organisms on earth.
Chiral asymmetry is found at all levels, from elementary particles to humans.
Chiral chemicals have molecules that come in mirror-image twins.
Chiral chromatography is a specialty.
Chiral chromatography is used increasingly to analyse pharmaceutical products.
Chiral Drugs are enantiomers that are used instead of the racemic form of the drug.
Chiral molecules are isomers.
Chiral molecules have a point of asymmetry - a chiral center.
Chiral molecules lead to macroscopically chiral phases of matter.
Chiral molecules rotate polarized light.
Chiral symmetry appears to be restored during the same phase transition.
A chiromancy is a fortune telling
Chiromancy is divination - within the hand.
Chiromancy is divination by reading the lines on a person's left palm.
Chiropractic adjustments address and correct the structural side of the triangle .
Chiropractic adjustments allow the bones of the spine return to a more normal position and motion.
Chiropractic adjustments are even safer than taking aspirin or Tylenol on a regular basis.
Chiropractic adjustments are extremely safe.
Chiropractic adjustments are most often gentle, and provide little or no discomfort to the patient.
Chiropractic adjustments are often in the same price range and frequency.
Chiropractic adjustments are safe and comfortable.
Chiropractic adjustments are safe.
Chiropractic adjustments are safer than aspirin, muscle relaxers and back surgery.
Chiropractic adjustments are the perfect place to start.
Chiropractic adjustments are very helpful in correcting subluxations and restoring optimal health.
Chiropractic adjustments benefit the body's physiology, according to some studies.
Chiropractic adjustments can also be helpful.
Chiropractic adjustments help restore the natural balance that was present before the injury.
Chiropractic adjustments help restore the structure and function of our bodies.
Chiropractic adjustments improve the function of the nerve system.
Chiropractic adjustments make sense.
Chiropractic adjustments mobilize injured joints, improving alignment and function.
Chiropractic adjustments remove the interference to the nervous system.
Chiropractic adjustments return the subluxated vertebrae to as normal of a position as possible.
Chiropractic adjustments reverse all three causes of pain.
Chiropractic adjustments take less time and the benefits last longer.
Chiropractic assessment yields joint fixation of the lower lumbar vertebrae.
Chiropractic candidates have preference to available seats.
Chiropractic care can also contribute in a major way to a general health and wellness program.
Chiropractic care can be helpful for animals having problems with their muscles, joints and nerves.
Chiropractic care can be quite helpful.
Chiropractic care can be very valuable in helping to calm the colic tendencies.
Chiropractic care can correct any small misalignments in the foot, ankle and knee.
Chiropractic care can have a positive affect on organ system health problems.
Chiropractic care can help alleviate the stiffness and tension from long periods of sitting.
Chiropractic care can help common complaints women encounter.
Chiropractic care can help resist diseases and ailments.
Chiropractic care can improve our pet s health and overall quality of life.
Chiropractic care costs less and results in fewer lost work days.
Chiropractic care gets mixed grade.
Chiropractic care gives the mother's nervous system the best chance to work properly and fully.
Chiropractic care has a narrow scope of practice with broad body implications.
Chiropractic care helps restore optimum function.
Chiropractic care is a holistic approach to many health and performance problems of dogs.
Chiropractic care is a holistic approach to many of the health and performance problems of the dog.
Chiropractic care is a natural approach to better health that is proven safe and effective.
Chiropractic care is a rapidly growing field that the public is turning to in increasing numbers.
Chiropractic care is a safe, effective therapy that corrects spinal dysfunction.
Chiropractic care is a way of life.
Chiropractic care is accepted and covered by many insurance plans.
Chiropractic care is also a cost saver in the health care system.
Chiropractic care is also very effective in treating ailments specific to children and adolescents.
Chiropractic care is an evidence-based approach to health and wellness that is both safe and sound.
Chiropractic care is based on the fact that normal nerve function is essential to good health.
Chiropractic care is beneficial for everyone even in the absence of symptoms.
Chiropractic care is cost effective.
Chiropractic care is covered by most insurance carriers.
Chiropractic care is covered under physiotherapy benefit.
Chiropractic care is customized to each patient's age, condition, and spinal problem.
Chiropractic care is different.
Chiropractic care is essential for wellness.
Chiropractic care is more cost effective and gets better results than conventional medicine.
Chiropractic care is more than just condition-based.
Chiropractic care is needed by every person alive.
Chiropractic care is one of the most cost effective forms of care for back problems.
Chiropractic care is only payable when the accepted condition is a subluxation of the spine.
Chiropractic care is provided to patients by field clinicians.
Chiropractic care is quality heath care for the entire family.
Chiropractic care is safe and effective.
Chiropractic care is the largest drugless, non-surgical healing art in the world.
Chiropractic care is the largest non-medical healing art in the world attracting millions of people.
Chiropractic care is the second largest healing art in the world.
Chiropractic care is very safe.
Chiropractic care is vital to keeping children healthy naturally.
Chiropractic care looks to the relationship of the spine and the nervous system.
Chiropractic care restores the body's natural recuperative abilities.
Chiropractic care saves many people from having surgery.
Chiropractic Chiropractors manipulate the body in an attempt to correct spinal misalignments.
Chiropractic claims are likely to remain open much longer too.
Chiropractic college includes supervised clinical experience.
Chiropractic colleges accept virtually all qualified applicants.
Chiropractic colleges are generally four year institutions.
Chiropractic colleges are tuition dependent institutions.
Chiropractic colleges emphasize courses in manipulation and spinal adjustments.
Chiropractic colleges emphasize courses in skeletal manipulation and spinal adjustments.
Chiropractic colleges expect the trend toward higher GPAs and bachelor's degrees to persist.
Chiropractic Colleges have entrance requirements similar to other medical disciplines.
Chiropractic colleges have much higher default rates than other health professional schools.
Chiropractic colleges require four to five years of study, including clinical experience.
Chiropractic colleges teach their students many adjusting techniques.
Most chiropractic colleges have curricula based on a trimester structure.
Some chiropractic colleges offer comprehensive programs of study which are excellent.
Chiropractic doctors are well educated.
Chiropractic doctors help restore nervous system function.
Chiropractic Doctors treat all whom they sincerely feel they can help.
Many chiropractic doctors are team physicans for local high schools and organized sports.
Many chiropractic doctors are team physicians for local high schools and organized sports.
Some chiropractic doctors use special tables with moving sections.
Chiropractic education follows three learning stages.
Chiropractic education is the future of the profession.
Chiropractic manipulation is safer than medical management of low-back pain.
Chiropractic manipulations are a beneficial adjunct to primary treatments for alcoholism.
Chiropractic manipulations require considerable training and skill.
Chiropractic medicine can work for mechanical issues.
Chiropractic medicine focuses on the relationship between the spinal column and the nervous system.
Chiropractic medicine involves manual and electronic manipulation and adjustment of the spine.
Chiropractic medicine is a very young profession.
Chiropractic medicine is part of the healing arts.
Some chiropractic methods remove nerve pressure at the vertebral level.
Chiropractic offices can stand alone or be part of health or medical clinics.
Many chiropractic offices have successful programs in place to bring in new patients.
Most chiropractic offices operate on an appointment basis.
Chiropractic patients range in years from birth to old age.
Many chiropractic patients are perfectly healthy and simply looking to get even better.
Chiropractic philosophy guides our scientific pursuit of truth.
Chiropractic philosophy has no future.
Chiropractic philosophy provides a cultural context for global health promotion strategies.
Chiropractic physicians are the experts.
Chiropractic physicians specialize in joint problems.
Every chiropractic practice is unique.
Some chiropractic practices spend thousands of dollars to create a professional looking site.
Chiropractic principles favor the enhancement of natural immunity over artificial immunization.
Chiropractic professionals use a type of hands-on therapy called spinal manipulation or adjustment.
Chiropractic radiologists are also deeply involved in advancement of technology.
Chiropractic removes cause.
Chiropractic research has an exciting future.
Chiropractic results vary.
Chiropractic roots run deep in history.
Chiropractic schools are private institutions.
Chiropractic science focuses on the relationship between the spinal column and the nervous system.
Chiropractic science teaches that the health of the spine is essential to the health of the body.
Chiropractic seminars are few and expensive in Japan.
Many chiropractic seminars preach the wisdom of recall letters, postcards or telephone calls.
Chiropractic services are also available on self or physician referral.
Chiropractic services are available for injury prevention or recovery.
Chiropractic services are in high demand .
Chiropractic services are in high demand.
Chiropractic services are optional.
Chiropractic students have virtually no practical research exposure during our training.
Chiropractic students learn conversational medicine.
Chiropractic students receive about the same number of total hours of education as medical students.
Chiropractic students study it and many chiropractors quote from it in a mantra-like fashion.
Chiropractic technique is regarded by many to be the central focus of the profession.
Chiropractic techniques are non-invasive and drug free.
Chiropractic therapy tends to parallel the normal course of untreated back pain.
Chiropractic treatment can continue safely until the day of delivery.
Chiropractic treatment can include spinal adjustment.
Chiropractic treatment involves manipulation and adjustment of the spinal column.
Chiropractic treatment is based on the manipulation of the spinal vertebrae.
Chiropractic treatment is drug free and surgery free.
Chiropractic treatment is invaluable in their restoration process.
Chiropractic treatment is non-evasive.
Chiropractic treatment is one of the most effective methods of health care available.
Chiropractic treatment is performed using very little force.
Chiropractic treatment uses a combination of therapies.
Chiropractic treatment uses gentle manipulative techniques.
Chiropractic treatments can consist of a variety of spinal adjustments.
Most chiropractic treatment focuses on neck and back pain.
Chiropractic veterinarians can offer adjustments for the dog, and relieve pain and symptoms.
Chiropractic visits continue to increase by the thousands every year.
A chiropractic is a treatment
Chiropractic allows patients to take advantage of a natural and drug-free method of healing.
A chiropractor is a therapist
Chiropractor admits to insurance scam.
Chiropractor wants to retire.
Chiropractors adjust causes.
Chiropractors adjust the areas near the rash and also other areas.
Chiropractors adjust the joint to break the splinting action.
Chiropractors adjust the spine, thus affecting the nervous system.
Chiropractors adjust the spine, with the goal of taking pressure off the nerves.
Chiropractors advise patients on nutrition, diet and ways to deal with stress.
Chiropractors also adjust the spine using different techniques.
Chiropractors also employ a postural and spinal analysis common to chiropractic diagnosis.
Chiropractors also employ a postural and spinal analysis unique to chiropractic diagnosis.
Chiropractors also have success in treating allergies and digestive disorders.
Chiropractors also instruct patients in exercises and stretches to maintain spinal alignment.
Chiropractors also promote adherence to a healthy lifestyle through good diet and exercise.
Chiropractors also recommend lifestyle changes to patients.
Chiropractors also treat areas of the body other than the spine.
Chiropractors apparently have yet to find that balance.
Chiropractors approach health care from a global perspective.
Chiropractors are a highly trained and licensed professional health care workforce.
Chiropractors are a very small occupational group.
Chiropractors are accustomed to relieving painful trigger points between the spine and shoulder.
Chiropractors are actually more conservative in their treatment approach.
Chiropractors are already on the lookout for abnormalities in there patients.
Chiropractors are also concerned with the state of muscle tissue and condition.
Chiropractors are at their best when practicing their favorite specialty.
Chiropractors are capable of serving as gatekeepers in managed care systems.
Chiropractors are clearly mainstream participants in back pain care.
Chiropractors are concerned about the presence of vertebral subluxations.
Chiropractors are exempt since it is considered part of their scope of practice.
Chiropractors are experts in spinal biomechanics and backpack safety techniques.
Chiropractors are first and foremost, nervous system doctors.
Chiropractors are health care doctors.
Chiropractors are health professionals who treat sore backs and shoulders, among other problems.
Chiropractors are interested in a patient's overall health.
Chiropractors are members of the healthcare profession who treat aliments without drugs or surgery.
Chiropractors are more dangerous than judo masters.
Chiropractors are more expensive than other health care providers.
Chiropractors are more likely to use X-rays when diagnosing a patient s problem.
Chiropractors are on both task forces.
Chiropractors are primary health care practitioners.
Chiropractors are primary health care providers.
Chiropractors are professionals who are expert in analyzing spine and posture associated issues.
Chiropractors are responsible citizens.
Chiropractors are some of the most passionate and purposeful people alive.
Chiropractors are the biomechanical experts.
Chiropractors are the first choice for many people with neck and back problems.
Chiropractors are the largest natural health care providers in our country today.
Chiropractors are the only profession who adhere to the subluxation theory.
Chiropractors are the recognized experts when it comes to automobile accidents and injuries.
Chiropractors are the superlative nervous system doctors.
Chiropractors are the third largest group of medical professionals after physicians and dentists.
Chiropractors are therapists.
Chiropractors are therefore well educated.
Chiropractors are unable to use or give prescription drugs or surgery as a part of their treatment.
Chiropractors are usually a safe bet.
Chiropractors are usually in private practice, either alone or with other chiropractors.
Chiropractors are usually in private practice.
Chiropractors are very well educated.
Chiropractors are well-trained to correct musculoskeletal injuries.
Chiropractors attend specialty graduate colleges that focus specifically on Chiropractic education.
Chiropractors believe in the inherent power of the body to heal itself.
Chiropractors believe in whole body wellness.
Chiropractors believe that with a normally functioning spine, the body is better able to heal.
Chiropractors belong in the work place.
Chiropractors can adjust every body part the computer affects.
Chiropractors can be alternative to surgery, medication.
Chiropractors can correct common causes of back pain by manipulation of the spine.
Chiropractors can demonstrate their many benefits.
Chiropractors can do a good job of helping by massage, stretching and manipulation.
Chiropractors can help.
Chiropractors can learn a valuable lesson from the medics.
Chiropractors can now lay claim and ownership to spinal manipulation.
Chiropractors can only practice in states where they are licensed.
Chiropractors can only practice in States where they are licensed.
Chiropractors can provide care and relief for many injuries involving the neck and back.
Chiropractors can resolve almost all types of pain without ever having to prescribe medications.
Chiropractors can use a Hematite to aid in spinal alignments.
Chiropractors care for a variety of patients with a wide variety of problems.
Chiropractors choose to move misaligned hard structures back into place.
Chiropractors claim they allow the body to heal itself.
Chiropractors claim they can fight ear infections with neck manipulation.
Chiropractors claim to be nervous system specialists.
Chiropractors claim to detect subluxations by use of X rays.
Chiropractors commonly manipulate the upper cervical spine as a treatment for head and neck pain.
Chiropractors concentrate on nerves, muscles, joints, posture, exercise and nutrition.
Chiropractors consider health a matter of balance.
Chiropractors consider themselves as the portal of entry into the health care system.
Chiropractors correct subluxations.
Chiropractors define a subluxation as partially dislocated or misaligned vertebra.
Chiropractors diagnose, treat, and work to prevent diseases, disorders, and injuries.
Chiropractors diagnose, treat, and work to prevent disorders and injuries.
Chiropractors do it by manipulation.
Chiropractors do treat patients in motor vehicle accidents.
Chiropractors excel at making adjustments comfortable and effective.
Chiropractors favor the organic approach.
Chiropractors feel around.
Chiropractors feel it is an attempt to squash their profession.
Chiropractors feel they are being unfairly targeted.
Chiropractors focus mainly on the spine, and alleviation of pain caused by spinal difficulties.
Chiropractors focus on providing correct physical alignment to maintain health.
Chiropractors focus primarily on the relationship between structure and function.
Chiropractors give spinal adjustments to correct subluxations.
Chiropractors have a clear and legitimate claim to a small piece of that turf.
Chiropractors have an excellent safety record, especially where children are concerned.
Chiropractors have four to five semesters of anatomy and three to four semesters of physiology.
Chiropractors have some significant image problems.
Chiropractors have special tables which expand to allow pregnant women to lie on their stomach.
Chiropractors have the potential to be recognized as primary care providers.
Chiropractors help people with many different ailments.
Chiropractors help society.
Chiropractors know joints.
Chiropractors know of the effectiveness of chiropractic.
Chiropractors know they want intellectually stimulating and succinct articles for their practice.
Chiropractors locate misalignments in the vertebrae, called subluxations.
Chiropractors look at the issues more holistically.
Chiropractors look to find what the cause of the problem is and then correct the cause.
Chiropractors manipulate body joints, particularly the spine, in treating aches, pains and diseases.
Chiropractors manipulate their patients' spinal columns for treatment.
Chiropractors now have the ability to co-admit patients to the hospital.
Chiropractors offer accessible and appropriate care to all population groups.
Chiropractors offer accessible, appropriate care to all population groups.
Chiropractors perform chiropractic adjustments.
Chiropractors periodically present health seminars on the premises.
Chiropractors practice in most countries throughout the free world.
Chiropractors primarily treat patients with conditions such as back pain, neck pain, and headaches.
Chiropractors probably come the closest.
Chiropractors protect their territory.
Chiropractors provide a complete physical examination with subsequent examinations as needed.
Chiropractors provide a service that is uniquely holistic.
Chiropractors provide all reports and certificates on the same basis as medical doctors.
Chiropractors provide highly effective health care to their patients.
Chiropractors provide holistic treatment for a variety of physical ailments.
Chiropractors receive an education that emphasizes neuromuscular diagnosis and treatment.
Chiropractors receive extensive training in the areas of orthopedics, neurology, and physiotherapy.
Chiropractors receive scientific training very similar to students in medical school.
Chiropractors receive training comparable to medical doctors.
Chiropractors recognise the importance of the body structures and how they affect our health.
Chiropractors refuse to put anything into the body or take anything out of it.
Chiropractors remove the cause of improper function, as opposed to treating the effect.
Chiropractors remove the interference by adjusting the spine.
Chiropractors represent an upscale audience with a high degree of disposable income.
Chiropractors say it now.
Chiropractors search for the cause of the headache.
Chiropractors see a large number of patients with carpal tunnel syndrome.
Chiropractors see a lot of whiplash cases and are therefore usually a safe bet.
Chiropractors seek to conquer the common complaint of back pain through their gentle touch.
Chiropractors specialize in back and neck pain.
Chiropractors specialize in the detection of improper joint motion and can restore normal function.
Chiropractors still think they are being unfairly targeted.
Chiropractors strive to assist the innate healing response by correcting vertebral subluxations.
Chiropractors suffer current economic injury as a result of the boycott.
Chiropractors take the utmost care to cause no further discomfort when treating painful conditions.
Chiropractors take x-rays to reveal the internal structure and alignment of the spine.
Chiropractors tend to be anti-establishment types who find it easy to reject authority.
Chiropractors treat a lot of auto accident patients.
Chiropractors treat more than just the spine.
Chiropractors treat most types of chronic pain that visitors reported.
Chiropractors treat patients by manually adjusting parts of the human body, especially the spine.
Chiropractors treat patients primarily by manual adjustments, especially of the spinal column.
Chiropractors treat subluxations by gently adjusting the misaligned area back into alignment.
Chiropractors treat subluxations by gently adjusting the misaligned area into alignment.
Chiropractors treat the causes of pain associated with many of the problems of modern living.
Chiropractors understand that the human body is a self healing organism.
Chiropractors understand that, apparently the wholistic health field has yet to learn it.
Chiropractors use a range of diagnostic tools and X-rays where necessary, to confirm their findings.
Chiropractors use a wide variety of highly skilled techniques to adjust the bones back in place.
Chiropractors use manipulation of the skeleton to produce and promote healing.
Chiropractors use many different techniques to treat specific areas of the body.
Chiropractors use neither drugs nor surgery.
Chiropractors use skilled touch and movements to restore motion to dysfunctional spinal joints.
Chiropractors use the spine to access the nervous system.
Chiropractors use too much force to deliver an adjustment.
Chiropractors vary in their approach.
Chiropractors vouch for the positive effects their work can have on health.
Chiropractors wake up.
Chiropractors welcome a cooperative approach from medical practitioners.
Chiropractors work with bones of the spinal column and nerves of the spinal cord.
Chiropractors work with the spine and nervous system.
Chiropractors often charge extra for modalities.
Chiropractors often consult with other health professionals, such as medical doctors.
Chiropractors often contract with health insurance firms and other third-party payers.
Chiropractors often see patients returning time after time with the same back or muscle ache.
Chiropractors often see people who appear perfectly healthy.
Chiropractors usually advocate a slow start to fitness programs.
All chiropractors are welcome.
All chiropractors correct subluxations.
All chiropractors pay is their determined premium.
Many chiropractors also do nutritional counseling and recommend supplements.
Many chiropractors are the primary treating physicians for patients injured in automobile accidents.
Many chiropractors associate vertebral subluxations with medical entities as their cause.
Many chiropractors care for expectant mothers in the regular course of their daily practices.
Many chiropractors care for patients with musculoskeletal injuries.
Many chiropractors claim to be able to treat other health problems.
Many chiropractors go much further in their claims about subluxations and childhood disease.
Many chiropractors have disability insurance to cover themselves and their business.
Many chiropractors have experience with health problems other than bad backs.
Many chiropractors have too much faith in what is wrong.
Many chiropractors hold licenses in different jurisdictions.
Many chiropractors limit their practices to treatment of musculoskeletal disorders.
Many chiropractors practice sports medicine.
Many chiropractors recommend futons for their firm, even support.
Many chiropractors refer patients to specialists for further evaluation when a condition persists.
Many chiropractors use it regularly.
Many chiropractors use water, light, massage, ultrasound, electric, and heat therapy.
More chiropractors can be to our advantage.
Most chiropractors accept credit cards.
Most chiropractors agree that certain medications are needed in some cases.
Most chiropractors are accessible on short notice.
Most chiropractors are general practitioners.
Most chiropractors are in dire straits today.
Most chiropractors claim to do more than just treat back pain, however.
Most chiropractors establish a private practice and some provide home treatments.
Most chiropractors get into their professions because they want to make a difference.
Most chiropractors have a solo private practice.
Most chiropractors leave an emergency number, beeper or check their messages regularly.
Most chiropractors run small offices.
Most chiropractors stay current on the latest scientific research.
Most Chiropractors treat people who have been injured in accidents of all types.
Most chiropractors work in their own practices.
Some chiropractors also prescribe exercises to do at home.
Some chiropractors become upset about a patient s reaction to care recommendations.
Some chiropractors believe the first cervical vertebrae causes all neck and back pain.
Some chiropractors concentrate on finding and correcting vertebral subluxations only.
Some chiropractors limit their spinal adjustments to treat joint problems.
Some chiropractors locate and adjust subluxations.
Some Chiropractors occasionally provide treatment at patients' homes.
Some chiropractors pay thousands and thousands of dollars to learn their lessons.
Some chiropractors recommend that when their patients have a fracture they consume extra protein.
Some chiropractors refuse to release x-rays to disgruntled patients unless they sign the form.
Some chiropractors say that subluxations at the top of the spine are the ones that really matter.
Some chiropractors specialize in athletic injuries or orthopedics.
Some chiropractors specialize in chiropractic pediatrics.
Some chiropractors start by working for someone else or as a partner.
Some chiropractors use no X-ray, thermography, or neuromuscular testing of any kind.
Chirp is sound
Chirp is sound.
Chirp is the sister publication for preschool children.
Chirp warning for door still ajar on arming.
Chirps come from dry chains.
Chirped mirrors are a relatively new technology, but are becoming more widely used.
Chiru reproduction is characterized by seasonal migration of females and yearlings.
A chisel is an edge tool
Chisel isa cutlery.
Chisel trim for sharpest cutting edge.
Chisels are for hand or pneumatic use.
Chisels are industrial equipment.
Chisels are the most common tool used to roughen the soil and bring clods to the surface.
Chisels are tools.
Chisels are used by artists to make statues and figures out of stone , marble , or wood .
Chisels are used by artists to make statues and figures out of stone, marble, or wood.
Chisels are wood-cutting tools.
Chisels have (part) handles.
Chisels have (part) knife edges.
Chisels have (part) sections.
Chisels work well for shaping some parts of the leg.
Every chisel is bright like the day it was made.
A chiseller is a slicker
Chisellers are everywhere.
A chit is a girl
Chits are available at the front rail of the chamber.
Chits are girls.
Chits are now usable for a seven day period instead of the former three days.
Chits are what vice presidents collect and distribute.
Chital deer are from India, where their natural predator is the tiger.
Chital deer have the distinction of being the first species imported into Australia.
Chitin acts like a suit of armor to the fungus.
Chitin also forms their outside body.
Chitin also makes up the outer shell of insects and crustaceans.
Chitin can be hard or soft and flexible.
Chitin found in their cell walls, They are sessile organisms.
Chitin has (part) atoms.
Chitin has (part) chemical chain.
Chitin has (part) chemical groups.
Chitin has a complicated structure immune to most general enzymes.
Chitin has properties.
Chitin is a cellulose-like substance that has a variety of uses.
Chitin is a cellulose-type polymer that is the outside armor coat of an arthropod.
Chitin is a complex carb that is strong and contains subunits of nitrogen containing sugars.
Chitin is a flexible polymer and it is difficult to fragment.
Chitin is a major component of the insect exoskeleton.
Chitin is a naturally occurring polymer found in many fungi.
Chitin is a polymer of N-acetylglucosamine and is present in the exoskeleton of insects.
Chitin is a polymer that can be found in anything from the shells of beetles to webs of spiders.
Chitin is a polysaccharide composed of aminoglucose moieties.
Chitin is a polysaccharide found in insect exoskeletons.
Chitin is a polysaccharide like cellulose.
Chitin is a polysaccharide that occurs widely in nature.
Chitin is a substance similar to wood.
Chitin is a sugar kind of like table sugar.
Chitin is a tough, resistant surface material that is also relatively indigestible.
Chitin is a very adaptive material for a creature.
Chitin is a very firm material, and it help protect an insect against harm and pressure.
Chitin is also a primary cell wall constituent of fungi.
Chitin is also abundant in fungi, worms, spiders, insects and some algae.
Chitin is also present in many other living organisms, such as insects and mushrooms.
Chitin is also the stuff of which lobster and crab shells are made.
Chitin is an important constituent of the cell-walls of Fungi.
Chitin is chemically similar to cellulose and starch, the abundant plant fibers.
Chitin is chemically similar to cellulose and starch, the most abundant plant fibers.
Chitin is exoskeleton material.
Chitin is found in cell walls of fungi, algae and in the exoskeletons of arthropods.
Chitin is found in the exo-skeletons of shrimp, crabs and other shellfish.
Chitin is found in yeasts, fungi, animals, and plants.
Chitin is highly resistant to enzymatic breakdown.
Chitin is indigestible by humans.
Chitin is insoluble in water.
Chitin is one of the most abundant biomaterials on earth and it is tough.
Chitin is one of the most abundant polysaccharides found in nature.
Chitin is one of the primary components in the body wall of nematicides.
Chitin is one of the primary components in the body wall of nematodes.
Chitin is organic matter.
Chitin is polysaccharides.
Chitin is produced from the processing waste of shellfish, krill, clams, oysters, squid, and fungi.
Chitin is similar in structure to plant cellulose, but is much tougher.
Chitin is sugar
Chitin is the main component of the exoskeleton of all crustaceans.
Chitin is the major polysaccharide of the shells of crustaceans.
Chitin is the outer part of various shellfish.
Chitin is the primary cell wall constituent in the Kingdom Fungi.
Chitin is the same thing of which lobster and shellfish shells are made.
Chitin is the second most prevalent polymer on the face of the earth.
Chitin is the substance that makes up the shells of arthropods such as insects and spiders also.
Chitin is used in industry in many processes.
Chitin is what fungi produce to make their cell membrane.
Chitin is, after wood, the most plentiful organic fiber on Earth.
Chitin isa polysaccharide.
Chitin joins the fight against fat w hen it is added to foods.
Chitin makes up the skin of nematodes and the exoskeleton of insects, shrimp, and many arthropods.
Chitin protects arthropods.
Most chitin has properties.
Most chitin protects arthropods.
Some chitin contains blood.
Some chitin has applications.
Some chitin has equivalents.
Some chitin has hardness equivalents.
Some chitin is synthesized from monosaccharides.
Some chitin provides protection.
Chitinous cuticle covers body and is molted regularly.
Chitinous cuticle covers the entire body.
Chitionolytic bacteria can break down chitin which represents an enormous source of organic carbon.
A chiton is a shellfish
Chiton are herbivores.
Chiton is an example.
Chiton respire through gills located in two lateral grooves between the foot and the shells.
Chiton tend to be nocturnal creatures, venturing out when the light is dim in search of food.
Chitons also scrape using a radula.
Chitons are common in rocky tidal pools.
Chitons are common in the intertidal zone.
Chitons are exclusively and fully marine.
Chitons are generally herbivorous grazers, though some are omnivorous and some carnivourous.
Chitons are marine molluscs which are highly adapted to life in the intertidal zone.
Chitons are mollusks.
Chitons are more noticeable on the underside of rocks.
Chitons are primitive mollusks with eight shells held together by a fleshy girdle.
Chitons are stay-at home organisms, straying only very short distances for feeding.
Chitons are tunics.
Chitons are very, very slow moving.
Chitons can be less than an inch long , or up to a foot long .
Chitons can be less than an inch long, or up to a foot long.
Chitons can live for one to twenty years, or more.
Chitons crawl slowly by means of muscular undulations in the foot.
Chitons feed on small particles of algae on the rock surface which are scraped off using the radula.
Chitons feeds upon seaweed and algae.
Chitons graze on attached algae that they scrape off with a feeding device called a radula.
Chitons have a foot used for locomotion, have radula, and have no head.
Chitons have a shell composed of eight separate shell plates or valves .
Chitons have eight plates covering the dorsal body.
Chitons have separate sexes, and fertilization is external .
Chitons live among the rocks on the seashore and are active at night.
Chitons live worldwide, from cold waters through to the tropics.
Chitons possess a head of primitive type which has neither tentacles nor eyes.
Chitons typically feed on algae and other organisms.
Chitons use their radula to scrape up algae and small animals on rocks and other hard surfaces.
All chiton are marine and most occur inter-tidally or in shallow water on rocky shores.
Many chitons have a daytime retreat to which they return after nightly feedings.
Most chitons are herbivorous - feeding on unicellular and multicellular algae.
Most chitons are 'nocturnal', so they feed at night, and hide under rocks during the day.
Most chitons are rather boring, slow moving, algae-eating mollusks about the size of a chicken egg.
Most chitons live on shallow, hard bottoms where they use a rasping radula to feed on algae.
Chitosan fiber differs from other fibers in that it possesses a positive charge.
Chitosan fiber differs from other fibers in that it possesses a positive ionic charge.
Chitosan fiber differs from other fibres in that it possesses a positive ionic charge.
Chitosan fiber is unlike other fibers in that it carries a positive ionic charge.
Chitosan fibre differs from other fibres in that it possesses a positive ionic charge.
Chivalrous help is at hand.
Chivalrous sympathies can provide additional genetic benefits.
Chivalrous sympathies guide gender socialization as well.
A chivalry is a good manners
Chivalries are courtesy.
Chivalries are principles.
Chivalry belongs to societies distant from modernity either in terms of time or place.
Chivalry comes from chevalier, a knight, a man who followed prescribed rules of behavior.
Chivalry goes to the soap opera.
Chivalry is alive and well in India.
Chivalry is dead, some lament.
Chivalry is male chauvinism to radical feminists.
Chivalry is now open and in beta testing.
Chivalry never fails to work it's charm.
Chivalry provides many benefits women are reluctant to give up.
Chive bits add a touch of green.
Chive blossoms make excellent herbal vinegar.
Chive butter adds flavor to breads and baked potatoes.
Chive butter is great with grilled chops and steak.
Chive leaves add a mild onion-like flavor to dips, soups, salads, casseroles and most vegetables.
Chive seed germinates easily, but slowly.
Chive sticks make a nice delicate onion-based garnish.
A chive is a bulbous plant
Chives also produce flowers that are highly prized in cooking.
Chives are a common herb relative of onions.
Chives are a commonly used herb and can be found in grocery stores or grown in home gardens.
Chives are a member of the Allium genus along with garlic and onions.
Chives are a mild, onion-flavored herb.
Chives are a perennial plant with pretty lavender flowers.
Chives are a perennial that prefer shade.
Chives are a very versatile herb.
Chives are also useful for cutting up and mixing with the food of newly-hatched turkeys.
Chives are among the heartier herbs that can be grown during the winter.
Chives are an evergreen perennial with round, hollow leaves.
Chives are an evergreen perennial with round, hollow, rush-like leaves.
Chives are as ephemeral as a New York spring, though.
Chives are cheaper than chocolate.
Chives are delicious wherever onions are used.
Chives are easier to snip with scissors than cut with a knife.
Chives are easy to start and can last for years.
Chives are easy to start from seed.
Chives are excellent for making herbal butter and vinegar.
Chives are good in the treatment of Arthritis.
Chives are good to eat.
Chives are great.
Chives are hardy.
Chives are herbs.
Chives are part of chives.
Chives are part of the Amazing Allium family that includes onions, shallots, leeks, and garlic.
Chives are part of the onion family.
Chives are perennial and taste like mild, sweet onions.
Chives are perennial plants that belong to the onion family.
Chives are perennial plants, much smaller than onions, and they grow in compact clumps or clusters.
Chives are perennial.
Chives are quite hardy and can be over-wintered nicely.
Chives are slow to start from seed, so it's best to buy transplants.
Chives are tagalongs.
Chives are the anemic kid brother of the green onion.
Chives are the most widely adaptable of all the cultivated alliums.
Chives are very adaptable and frost hardy.
Chives can help repel aphids if planted with roses.
Chives do best if they are dug up, divided, and moved to a new compost-rich site every few years.
Chives Eat in salads, sandwiches and soups and as a garnish.
Chives freeze well be are poor dried.
Chives generally require little attention.
Chives grow best in full sun and a well drained soil.
Chives grow best in full sun but tolerate partial shade.
Chives grow hollow, slender green leaves that look like grass.
Chives grow like small onions with leaves about six inches tall.
Chives grow prolifically and spread rapidly.
Chives have a scent that repels insects.
Chives have beautiful purple blossoms.
Chives have insect-repelling properties that can be used in gardens to control pests.
Chives have some repellant properties for aphids.
Chives have tidy, grassy leaves and a mild onion flavor.
Chives is a hardy perennial, which grows in full sun.
Chives is resistant while garlic is apparently im- mune.
Chives is the common name of Allium schoenoprasum, an edible species of the Allium genus.
Chives look like long grass and have a little of the sweetness of young grass.
Chives lose their flavor and color when dried.
Chives make a good substitute and are often asked for in cookbooks without any further comment.
Chives Related to onions, chives range in flavour from delicate to strong.
Chives require frequent cutting to encourage production of new leaves.
Chives stimulate the appetite and promote good digestion.
Chives taste like onion and can replace yellow onion or leek in most dishes.
Chives thrive on neglect.
Chives Use leaves on baked potatoes, baked fish shellfish.
Some chives produce blue flowers that add a pretty blush with an oniony taste.
A chlamydia is contagion
Chlamydia can remain in the body for long periods of time, especially in men.
Chlamydia isa disease.
Chlamydia trachomatis elementary bodies possess proteins which bind to eucaryotic cell membranes .
Chlamydial cervicitis is the most common sexually transmitted disease.
Chlamydial infection can affect sperm function and fertility in men.
Chlamydial infection correlates strongly with the circumcised condition.
Chlamydial infection is one of the leading sexually transmitted diseases in the United States today.
Chlamydial infection is one of the most widespread bacterial STDs in the United States.
Chlamydial infection is reportable in most states.
Chlamydial infections are one of the most treatable STDs, especially when detected early.
Chlamydial infections can lead to other serious health problems.
Chlamydial infections result in chronic, low-grade conjunctivitis.
Most chlamydial infections are silent, causing no symptoms.
Much chlamydial infection goes undiagnosed, because the infection is often without symptoms.
Chlamydial species are well-known pathogens involved in a number of human diseases.
Chlamydial test is valid for endocervical, male urethral, and ocular specimens only.
A chlamydospore is a spore
Chlamydospores are asexual spores different from sporangiospores.
Chlamydospores are formed in the shredded tissue.
Chlamydospores are specialized spores that allow the fungus to survive environmental extremes.
Chlamydospores are spores.
Chlamydospores are thick walled and are produced in chains in infected root tissue.
Chlamydospores are thick-walled spores formed by rounding up of hyphal or macroconidial cells.
Chlamydospores form with a thickened cell wall inside hyphae.
Chlamydospores have no mechanism for dispersal.
A chloral hydrate is a downer
Chloral hydrate has a narrow therapeutic range.
Chloral hydrate is a hypnotic, long-established for insomnia.
Chloral hydrate is metabolized into trichloroethanol, which in turn produces sleep and anesthesia.
Chloral hydrates are chemical compounds.
Chloral hydrates are sedative.
Chloral synthesis is achieved by ethanol and chlorine reaction.
A chlorambucil is a cancer drug
Chlorambucil interferes with the growth of cancer cells, which are eventually destroyed.
Chloramine is an antiseptic
Chloramine is antiseptics.
Chloramine is chemical compounds.
Chloramines affect salt water fish just as they effect fresh water fish.
Chloramines affect saltwater fish in the same way they affect freshwater fish.
Chloramines are a combination of chlorine and a small amount of ammonia.
Chloramines are a combination of chlorine and ammonia, both of which are toxic to fish.
Chloramines are a good disinfectant.
Chloramines are a slightly weaker, but much longer-lasting disinfectant.
Chloramines are eye and skin irritants, and they can cloud the water.
Chloramines are harmful only when they directly enter the bloodstream through the dialysis process.
Chloramines are harmful only when they directly interact with the blood stream in large amounts.
Chloramines are harmful when they go directly into the bloodstream, as happens in kidney dialysis.
Chloramines are more stable than chlorine.
Chloramines are more stable than hypochlorite, so they remain in the water a little longer.
Chloramines are only harmful to fish and other aquatic life.
Chloramines are only harmful when they directly enter the bloodstream.
Chloramines can cloud pool water.
Chloramines can promote algae growth in open bodies of water.
Chloramines come in a distant second, followed by chlorine dioxide and ozone.
Chloramines pass through the gills of fish and directly into their bloodstreams.
Chloramines require a long contact time to be effective sanitizing agents.
Chloramines smell bad.
Some chloramines can cause eye irritation and chlorine odors.
Chloramphenicol injection is available.
Chloramphenicol resistance is common in South America.
Chloramphenicol toxicity can result from inability of the newborn to excrete the drug.
A chlorate is salt
Chlorates are also toxic to the kidneys.
Chlorates are salt.
Chlorates are salts of chloric acid.
Chlorates require special handling.
Many chlorates produce oxygen when they are heated.
Chlorauric acid is used in photography for toning silver images.
Chlordane values are the sum of alpha, gamma, cis, and trans chlordane, and nonachlor.
A chlordiazepoxide is a benzodiazepine
Chlordiazepoxide is in a class of drugs called benzodiazepines.
A chlorella is algae
Chlorella also contains the highest level of fatty acids among all algae.
Chlorella also counteracts well-known carcinogens.
Chlorella cleanses bloodstream and good for after-radiation treatment.
Chlorella contains a broader spectrum of significant nutrients than any other known food source.
Chlorella contains minerals like magnesium, which supports the body's energy level.
Chlorella Filters Most people know to stay away from lead and other toxic materials.
Chlorella fusca var.
Chlorella is a food.
Chlorella is a fresh water alga found floating in stagnant water of ponds, pools and ditches.
Chlorella is a green dye derived from algae.
Chlorella is a microscopic green freshwater plant.
Chlorella is a natural whole food supplement imported from the orient.
Chlorella is a replenishing supplement.
Chlorella is a single celled green algae.
Chlorella is a teriffic chelator.
Chlorella is a unicellular green algae that grows in fresh water.
Chlorella is a unique single-celled fresh water green algae.
Chlorella is a water grown algae so nutrient rich that it is virtually a complete food.
Chlorella is high in protein and essential amino acids and very low in fat and sodium.
Chlorella is nature's first and most perfect food.
Chlorella is one of the most widely and intensely researched therapeutic foods available today.
Chlorella is one of the simplest eukaryotic algae .
Chlorella is pure green nutrition for everyone.
Chlorella is similar in properties to spirulina but is even denser in chlorophyll.
Chlorella is very popular in Japan .
Chlorella miniata a.k.a.
Chlorella protothecoides var.
Chlorella speed the cleansing bloodstream.
Chlorhexidine implants are small, orange-brown rectangular chips that are rounded at one end.
Chlorhexidine products are less harsh and are more commonly used.
A chlorhexidine is an antiseptic
Chlorhexidine destroys the bacteria, thereby preventing the gingivitis from occurring.
Chlorhexidine is a bactericidal antiseptic that disrupts cell membrane functions.
Chlorhexidine is a bis-biguanide formula with cationic properties.
Chlorhexidine is now available in pads and swab sticks.
Chlorhexidine is the most effective product to inhibit plaque formation in humans.
Chlorhexidine rinses twice a day are excellent ways to help the patient control plaque.
Chlorhexidine works by killing the bacteria.
Chlorhexidines are antiseptics.
Chlorhexidines have some limitations which make some routine use inadvisable.
Chloric acid ignites organic material on contact.
Chloric acid is acid
Chloride cells are used by both marine and freshwater organisms to pump ions.
Chloride ion ca.
Chloride ions increase etch rates in etching solutions.
Chloride ions move with sodium ions.
Chloride ions pass into the ascending limb.
Chloride ions retard the browning reaction in such fruits as apples but is only temporary.
A chloride of lime is a whitener
Chloride of lime is used as a bleach, disinfectant, and deodorant.
Chloride salts are the first category of dust suppressant.
Most chloride salts are soluble.
Chloride can damage concrete and metal.
Chloride competes with nitrite at the fishes' gill surface for absorption.
Chloride conducts electricity.
Chloride helps regulate fluids in and out of body cells.
Chloride is a compound consisting of two elements, one of which is always chlorine.
Chloride is a compound
Chloride is a greenish gas that irritates the bronchi.
Chloride is a modest leaving group.
Chloride is a powerful germical agent, but is highly toxic to all animal life.
Chloride is about four miles down the road.
Chloride is absorbed by exchange with bicarbonate.
Chloride is an essential element for plant growth, especially small grain.
Chloride is an essential micronutrient.
Chloride is an ion that usually passively follows the movement of positively charged ions.
Chloride is applied as needed throughout the season.
Chloride is chemical compounds.
Chloride is close to the Lake Mohave portions of the Lake Mead National Recreation Area .
Chloride is compounds.
Chloride is essential for contraction of afferent arterioles after agonists and potassium.
Chloride is essential for maintaining acid-base, electrolyte and fluid balance in the body.
Chloride is essential in the maintenance of the body's acid-base and fluid balance.
Chloride is found in the soil.
Chloride is important in photosynthesis and osmotic relations of guard cells in leaves.
Chloride is more responsible for a salty taste than sodium.
Chloride is much like nitrogen.
Chloride is necessary for life.
Chloride is one of the major anions to be found in water and sewage.
Chloride is one of the major inorganic anions in water.
Chloride is one of the two components of table salt.
Chloride is perhaps the best example.
Chloride is relatively harmless.
Chloride is soluble and moves like nitrates in the soil.
Chloride is the element chlorine.
Chloride is the ionized form that is found in the body.
Chloride is the predominant negative ion in plasma.
Chloride is very weakly basic and readily neutralized.
Chloride is water-soluble and washes out of the atmosphere quickly.
Chloride isa compound.
Chloride supports potassium absorption and helps oversee the body's acid and base balance.
Chlorides also contribute to permanent hardness.
Chlorides are a common cause.
Chlorides are more harmful.
Chlorides can accumulate with long term use of sodium hypochlorite.
Chlorides can contaminate freshwater streams and lakes.
Chlorides can corrode metals and affect the taste of food products.
Most chloride conducts electricity.
Some chloride affects capacity.
Some chloride exists as crystal.
Some chloride has carbon.
Some chloride is produced by reaction.
Chlorinated cleaners remove protein while acid cleaners remove milkstone.
Chlorinated compounds are also essential to new drug research.
Chlorinated compounds are essential for the production of lifesaving pharmaceuticals.
Chlorinated compounds don t fluoresce well.
Chlorinated compounds occur naturally in humans and are found in blood, skin and teeth.
Chlorinated gloves are normally yellowish in color instead of the milky white of natural latex.
Chlorinated hydrocarbons are a group of synthetic organic compounds with one or more chlorine atoms.
Chlorinated hydrocarbons are a set of molecules designed originally for use as pesticides.
Chlorinated hydrocarbons are major pollutants of ground, surface and drinking water.
Chlorinated hydrocarbons can negatively effect an estuary.
Chlorinated hydrocarbons remain in the environment and are therefore of concern.
Chlorinated paraffins are of very low acute toxicity following a single exposure.
All chlorinated paraffins have very low vapour pressure.
Chlorinated pools are OK, and typically so is the ocean.
Chlorinated products are an essential element in the formation of dioxin during incineration.
Chlorinated solutions react to aluminum.
Chlorinated solvents are also the mainstay of the dry cleaning industry.
Chlorinated solvents are carcinogenic.
Chlorinated solvents are difficult to clean up.
Chlorinated solvents are the primary contaminants of concern.
Chlorinated solvents are unlikely to accumulate in the environment.
Chlorinated solvents can damage the insulation or the seals.
Chlorinated solvents contaminate our groundwater.
Chlorinated solvents reduce the toxic dose, suggesting a synergistic effect.
Most chlorinated solvents are hazardous due to their toxicity.
Most chlorinated solvents have higher resale value.
Chlorinated water can reduce microbial load if water is used during handling.
Chlorinated water dries out the ear canal, allowing bacteria or fungi to enter the skin.
Chlorinated water is a source of free radicals.
Chlorinated water is located in swimming pools.
Chlorinated water is toxic to wildlife in ponds, rivers or streams.
Chlorination also oxidizes iron, manganese and hydrogen sulfide so they can be filtered out.
Chlorination also removes soluble iron, manganese and hydrogen sulfide from water.
Chlorination also treats for organically-related taste, color, and odor problems.
Chlorination can disinfect and destroy harmful bacteria and other organisms.
Chlorination causes the light-absorbing properties of solutions to change.
Chlorination destroys all animal and microbial life, leaving no trace of itself afterwards.
Chlorination disinfects the water and finally makes it safe for distribution.
Chlorination disinfects water, killing bacteria, viruses and protozoa that transmit disease.
Chlorination is a chemical action
Chlorination is a common method of disinfecting drinking water.
Chlorination is a procedure used to disinfect a water well contaminated with bacteria.
Chlorination is a process that constitutes purification of water.
Chlorination is an alternative to powdering medical gloves, so that they can be donned.
Chlorination is an effective measure against microbial activity.
Chlorination is an effective treatment for both types of clogging.
Chlorination is apparently as natural a biological process as blood clotting or salivation.
Chlorination is chemical processes.
Chlorination is currently a standard method of pool and spa disinfection.
Chlorination is disinfection.
Chlorination is effective in killing the parasite, as is boiling water.
Chlorination is imperative to keep public water supplies free of most deadly pathogens.
Chlorination is important to improving several treatment processes.
Chlorination is more effective as water temperature increases.
Chlorination is necessary for two reasons.
Chlorination is particularly effective in preventing recontamination during distribution.
Chlorination is presently the most common treatment for zebra mussels.
Chlorination is the final step for most wastewater treatment plants.
Chlorination is the injection of chlorine gas into the water and assures potability.
Chlorination is the most common disinfection method.
Chlorination is the most common method for treating bacterial slimes.
Chlorination is the most common method of disinfecting potable water.
Chlorination is the most common method.
Chlorination is the most common of chemical intermediate reactions in the chemical process industry.
Chlorination is the most widely used method for disinfecting drinking water.
Chlorination is the most widely used method for purifying municipal water supplies.
Chlorination is the recognized and accepted method of treating water supplies throughout the world.
Chlorination is the standard by which other disinfection procedures are judged.
Chlorination is used almost universally in U.S. public water supplies.
Chlorination is used extensively by municipal water treatment plants to disinfect water.
Chlorination is used to maximize the efficiency of fine filtration processes.
Chlorination kills any remaining microorganisms.
Chlorination kills the microorganisms and keeps the filter going longer.
Chlorination means the addition of a chlorine compound or chlorine gas to water.
Chlorination produces chlorinated organic materials including a very small amount of dioxins.
Chlorination provides disinfection of viruses and residual maintenance for the distribution system.
Chlorination uses liquid chlorine bleach to kill microorganisms.
Chlorine atoms have a voracious appetite for ozone.
Chlorine atoms have bonds.
Chlorine atoms react with ozone to make chlorine monoxide molecules and oxygen molecules.
Most chlorine atoms have bonds.
Chlorine bleach can also pass through a septic system without breaking down.
Chlorine bleach can dull the shiny finishes on sinks, bathtubs and other porcelain enamel surfaces.
Chlorine bleach can produce small amounts of dioxin which is a well known carcinogen.
Chlorine bleach can react to the alloys in gold resulting in pitting or discolouration.
Chlorine bleach contains sodium hypochlorite, a chemical precursor to chlorine.
Chlorine bleach is a good disinfectant and toilet bowl cleaner.
Chlorine bleach is a mildly corrosive oxidizer.
Chlorine bleach is a strong oxidizer.
Chlorine bleach is a toxic ingredient.
Chlorine bleach is also an excellent toilet bowl cleaner.
Chlorine bleach is also available in a granule form.
Chlorine bleach is also very effective at cleaning up the mold and mildew.
Chlorine bleach is an example most people recognize.
Chlorine bleach is caustic and toxic.
Chlorine bleach is considered a hazardous material.
Chlorine bleach is corrosive to electronics.
Chlorine bleach is dangerous to marine life and can be a health risk for people.
Chlorine bleach is ideal for treating water.
Chlorine bleach is the only bleach that kills mildew.
Chlorine bleach is, paradoxically, a much stronger oxidizer than oxygen bleach.
Chlorine bleach provides an extra margin of safety.
Chlorine bleach rids plastic of unpleasant odours.
Chlorine bleach turns wood white and affects the color of any finish that is applied.
Chlorine bleaches can cause yellowing.
Chlorine byproducts are a potential risk in our water.
Chlorine compounds can turn blue, brown, or sparkling white.
Chlorine compounds have some effect in inactivating bacterial spores.
Chlorine concentrations are high in the blood, while sodium varies.
Chlorine concentrations vary according to the distance from the point of chlorine application.
Chlorine dioxide based fires produce other poisonous gases, including chlorine gas.
Chlorine dioxide can explode easily .
Chlorine dioxide can explode easily.
Chlorine dioxide can react with bromide when in sunlight to make bromate .
Chlorine dioxide can react with bromide when in sunlight to make bromate.
Chlorine dioxide is a gas and is very unstable.
Chlorine dioxide is a proven pollution prevention technology .
Chlorine dioxide is a truly remarkable substance.
Chlorine dioxide is a very good disinfectant, but it exists as a gas.
Chlorine dioxide is a whitener
Chlorine dioxide is also an essential ingredient in today's highest-quality pulp and paper products.
Chlorine dioxide is chemical compounds.
Chlorine dioxide is desirable whenever the organic load of the water is high.
Chlorine dioxide is efficient in eliminating microbes for lettuce, cucumber, and beef.
Chlorine dioxide is more expensive than chlorine gas or hypochlorites.
Chlorine dioxide is no exception.
Chlorine dioxide is remarkable, particularly in the way it reacts with organic compounds in wood.
Chlorine dioxide is the most dangerous chemical handled at the mill.
Chlorine dioxide is used as a biocide, a sterilising agent and in water treatment.
Chlorine dioxide is used extensively as a bleaching agent in the pulp and paper industry.
Chlorine dioxide is used to bleach wood pulp to make paper .
Chlorine dioxide is used to bleach wood pulp to make paper.
Chlorine dioxide neutralizes the sulfur compounds which cause bad breath.
Chlorine dioxide reacts with keratin and splits disulfide bonds.
Chlorine dioxide transfers an oxygen to the lignin to break up the rings.
Chlorine disinfection controls virtually all the organisms.
Chlorine emissions are common.
Chlorine gas evolves.
Chlorine gas irritates mucous membranes and burns the skin.
Chlorine gas is a deadly poison.
Chlorine gas is a greenish yellow.
Chlorine gas is a powerful, possibly lethal irritant.
Chlorine gas is a respiratory irritant which affects the mucous membranes.
Chlorine gas is a respiratory irritant, which can be fatal after a few deep breaths.
Chlorine gas is greenish-yellow and combines readily with nearly all other elements.
Chlorine gas is heavy, so it settles down on the water's surface.
Chlorine gas is highly lethal.
Chlorine gas is more likely to be released in hot water.
Chlorine gas is the most efficient and least expensive sanitizer.
Chlorine gas is toxic and corrosive.
Chlorine gas is toxic.
Chlorine gas is used for chlorination.
Chlorine gas is used to achieve disinfection of bacteria and other water borne organisms.
Chlorine gas is used to reduce the magnesium content during smelting.
Chlorine gas is utilized for disinfection.
Chlorine gas reacts with lignin to create certain compounds that can be potentially harmful.
Chlorine gases are chlorine.
Chlorine gases are gases.
Chlorine gases produced by volcanoes can contribute to ozone depletion in the upper atmosphere.
Some chlorine gases burn throats.
Some chlorine gases cause death.
Chlorine generators produce chlorine gas by electrolysis.
Chlorine industries involve preparation.
Chlorine liquid burns the skin.
Chlorine liquid is corrosive to the eyes, mucous membranes and skin.
Chlorine monoxide is a key reactant in the chlorine chemical cycle that destroys ozone.
Chlorine residual is below required level.
Chlorine water is a solution
Chlorine water is a whitener
Chlorine water is mixed with potassium bromide.
Chlorine water releases iodine from other substances.
Chlorine acts as a catalyst to instantly precipitate iron which then can be captured in a filter.
Chlorine acts to separate the lignin from the pulp which can then be removed.
Chlorine affects flavor and dampens the activity of yeast.
Chlorine alone is a yellow gas.
Chlorine also has a multitude of industrial uses.
Chlorine also has limited effectiveness against some micro-organisms and none against chemicals.
Chlorine also helps create the hard plastic used to make protective helmets and face shields.
Chlorine also increases efficiency.
Chlorine also kills the priceless friendly bacteria in the colon .
Chlorine also kills the priceless friendly bacteria in the colon.
Chlorine also oxidizes iron and manganese so they can be filtered out.
Chlorine also plays a critical role in the production of thousands of commercial products.
Chlorine also plays a role in the classroom.
Chlorine also reacts with chemicals in the water to form strong cancer-causing compounds.
Chlorine attacks the alloys in gold.
Chlorine based tablets are less effective.
Chlorine based washes are very effective against mildew and other decay organisms.
Chlorine becomes argon when it interacts with electron neutrinos.
Chlorine begins evaporating when mixed.
Chlorine belongs to the group of elements called halogens.
Chlorine belongs to the halogen family of elements, found in group VIIa of the periodic table .
Chlorine bonding with oxygen destroys the ozone molecules.
Chlorine burns the gills.
Chlorine can affect infant airways.
Chlorine can also kill the bacillus but the normal amount found in most city water is acceptable.
Chlorine can also react with alkenes via the electrophilic addition mechanism.
Chlorine can be fatal after only a few deep breaths.
Chlorine can break down and pit gold alloys if exposed often enough.
Chlorine can cause bleached hair to turn green.
Chlorine can cause blistering of the gills and suffocation.
Chlorine can cause, and worsens, skin irritations and rashes.
Chlorine can clear up any skin problem.
Chlorine can combine with ammonia and nitrogen compounds to create chloramines.
Chlorine can contribute some adverse effects however.
Chlorine can damage ozone.
Chlorine can harm fish and aquatic plants.
Chlorine can have an irritating effect.
Chlorine can kill beneficial bacteria in the body.
Chlorine can make skin dry and flaky.
Chlorine can metabolize into an estrogen-like substance inside the human body.
Chlorine can put a lid on the development of yeast.
Chlorine can replace hydrogen on the outside of the ring.
Chlorine can wreak havoc with hair condition.
Chlorine causes environmental harm at low levels.
Chlorine combines with all elements except the noble gases.
Chlorine combines with almost all elements to produce chlorides.
Chlorine comes in numerous chemical forms and methods of application.
Chlorine compounds together with chloramines form combined chlorine.
Chlorine consists of the following isotopes.
Chlorine constitutes about two-thirds of the total anions of blood plasma.
Chlorine corrodes the alloy that is part of yellow or white gold jewelry.
Chlorine damages the gills - the affects of many small doses of chlorine can add up to major damage.
Chlorine deactivates a variety of microorganisms at rates dependent on the species.
Chlorine degrades water quality and negatively impacts aquatic life.
Chlorine destroys bacteria.
Chlorine destroys Ozone faster than it can be replenished.
Chlorine destroys ozone.
Chlorine destroys the microbes responsible for disease .
Chlorine destroys the natural bacterial balance of the skin.
Chlorine destroys vitamin E in the body, which is absolutely essential for the health of the heart.
Chlorine displaces the less electronegative halogens from compounds.
Chlorine does much more than kill microorganisms in the nation's water supply.
Chlorine does much more than purify swimming pool water.
Chlorine does sanitize the wash water and maintains a low microbiological count in the water.
Chlorine effectively increases the removal of organic residues.
Chlorine ensures a wide selection of nutritious and low-cost grains and produce.
Chlorine exhibits a complex reaction to temperature.
Chlorine Follow the directions on the packet of sodium or calcium hypochlorite.
Chlorine forms several oxides.
Chlorine gives vinyl two advantages.
Chlorine has (part) atoms.
Chlorine has a bad reputation.
Chlorine has a characteristic penetrating and irritating odor.
Chlorine has a distinctive green-yellow color.
Chlorine has a pungent, irritating odor similar to bleach that is detectable at low concentrations.
Chlorine has a residual effect, which means it works for a while after being added to the water.
Chlorine has a sharp, irritating and penetrating odor.
Chlorine has a shelf life of six months, so be sure to use fresh bleach.
Chlorine has a strong chemical attraction for ozone.
Chlorine has a tendency to gain one electron.
Chlorine has a variety of uses.
Chlorine has a wide range of isotopes .
Chlorine has diverse applications across many product sectors.
Chlorine has many uses , including keeping drinking water safe .
Chlorine has mass.
Chlorine has the capacity to take in two electrons, whereas chlorine dioxide can absorb five.
Chlorine has the same effect.
Chlorine has two naturally occurring isotopes.
Chlorine has two stable isotopes.
Chlorine Helps clean out the nitrogen and end products of metabolism.
Chlorine helps make possible many of the miracles of modern medicine.
Chlorine helps purify water and prevents bacterial infections.
Chlorine helps remove manganese and hydrogen sulfide in the same way.
Chlorine irritates eyes and skin, bleaches swimwear and shortens the life of vinyl pool liners.
Chlorine irritates eyes, nose membranes, and lungs and it leaves skin and hair dry and flaky.
Chlorine irritates the skin, the eyes, and the respiratory system.
Chlorine is a building block for nearly all chemical processes.
Chlorine is a calcium antagonist.
Chlorine is a central component of the world synthetic market.
Chlorine is a chemical that kills microorganisms.
Chlorine is a chemical used to disinfect water.
Chlorine is a common oxidant which is added to most public water supplies for disinfection purposes.
Chlorine is a commonly used oxidant.
Chlorine is a critical building block.
Chlorine is a disinfectant that destroys disease-causing organisms.
Chlorine is a disinfectant used to remove harmful bacteria from the drinking water.
Chlorine is a gas at room temperature.
Chlorine is a gas
Chlorine is a good thing, etc.
Chlorine is a great bacteria and virus killer.
Chlorine is a green gas.
Chlorine is a green, corrosive gas, which causes a severe choking sensation.
Chlorine is a greenish highly poisonous liquefiable gas.
Chlorine is a greenish yellow gas at normal temperature and pressure.
Chlorine is a greenish yellow gas which combines directly with nearly all elements.
Chlorine is a greenish-yellow gas that can be combined directly with nearly every element.
Chlorine is a greenish-yellow gas that is slightly soluble in water.
Chlorine is a greenish-yellow gas with a strong irritating odor.
Chlorine is a greenish-yellow gas, two and one half times as heavy as air.
Chlorine is a greenish-yellow, poisonous gas with a disagreeable, suffocating odor.
Chlorine is a green-yellow gas.
Chlorine is a halogen that damages enzymes.
Chlorine is a halogen
Chlorine is a hazardous gas that is strongly corrosive.
Chlorine is a highly corrosive chemical, especially in concentrated form.
Chlorine is a highly effective spot algicide.
Chlorine is a highly reactive element.
Chlorine is a highly reactive gas.
Chlorine is a major environmentally destructive agent.
Chlorine is a major source of dioxin, one of the most toxic chemicals the world has ever known.
Chlorine is a member of the halogen family.
Chlorine is a method of disinfection commonly used for drinking water.
Chlorine is a natural.
Chlorine is a noxious and corrosive yellow-green chemical.
Chlorine is a noxious and dangerous gas.
Chlorine is a poison present in nearly all dishwashing detergents.
Chlorine is a poisonous greenish-yellow gas with a strong, bad smell.
Chlorine is a poisonous, greenish-yellow gas described as having a choking odor.
Chlorine is a potent irritant to the eyes, lungs and skin.
Chlorine is a powerful irritant that can inflict damage to the eyes, nose, throat and lungs.
Chlorine is a process gas.
Chlorine is a reactive yellow-green gas .
Chlorine is a respiratory irritant.
Chlorine is a salt in solution.
Chlorine is a special gas.
Chlorine is a strong bleach and is dangerous.
Chlorine is a strong oxidant, oxidizing metals to form their chlorides.
Chlorine is a strong oxidizing agent and as a result is effective in killing bacteria.
Chlorine is a strong powerful oxidant which can promote corrosion.
Chlorine is a substance that is relatively easy to remove.
Chlorine is a surface sterilant.
Chlorine is a toxic gas that attacks living cells.
Chlorine is a toxic gas that attacks the respiratory system, eyes, and skin.
Chlorine is a toxic substance.
Chlorine is a toxic, deadly chemical.
Chlorine is a toxic, pale, yellow-green gas with an irritating odor and low solubility in water.
Chlorine is a typical nonmetal.
Chlorine is a venom that slowly poisons the animals, causes blindness and, eventually, death.
Chlorine is a very active element.
Chlorine is a very dangerous material.
Chlorine is a very effective disinfectant.
Chlorine is a very reactive chemical and can damage the steel's oxide coating.
Chlorine is a very reactive substance.
Chlorine is a very safe and efficient way of killing bacteria in water supplies.
Chlorine is a very strong chemical that destroys sperm pretty quickly.
Chlorine is a well proven disinfectant for the prevention of water borne disease outbreaks.
Chlorine is a whole other subject.
Chlorine is a wonderful thing.
Chlorine is a yellow-green gas at room temperature.
Chlorine is a yellowish green gas with a strong bleach smell and is quite toxic.
Chlorine is absorbed chiefly from the small intestine.
Chlorine is actually a more powerful disinfectant than chloramine.
Chlorine is added again after filtration for post-disinfection.
Chlorine is added again as the water enters the water reservoirs and distribution system.
Chlorine is added as a disinfectant according to state and federal regulations.
Chlorine is added for destruction of harmful bacteria in the water.
Chlorine is added for disinfection and to maintain a residual in the distribution system.
Chlorine is added for disinfection to prevent disease.
Chlorine is added for disinfection.
Chlorine is added for virus inactivation and to kill any bacteria.
Chlorine is added into the waste water flow at the influent pipe.
Chlorine is added to city water supplies to control bacteria and living organisms.
Chlorine is added to disinfect the finished water.
Chlorine is added to disinfect the wastewater and to kill pathogenic organisms.
Chlorine is added to disinfect water from any microbial containments.
Chlorine is added to drinking water as a solution.
Chlorine is added to drinking water as either a gas or after having been already dissolved in water.
Chlorine is added to keep bacteria from developing in the water.
Chlorine is added to keep the water supply safe.
Chlorine is added to kill any bacteria and fluoride is added for the prevention of tooth decay.
Chlorine is added to kill bacteria in water pipes.
Chlorine is added to kill bacteria.
Chlorine is added to kill disease-causing organisms.
Chlorine is added to kill harmful bacteria, protozoans and viruses.
Chlorine is added to most countries drinking water to protect against bacteria.
Chlorine is added to swimming pools to keep the water safe for swimming.
Chlorine is added to the flow as it enters the chlorine contact chamber.
Chlorine is added to the incoming water to kill micro-organisms.
Chlorine is added to the wastewater to destroy bacteria.
Chlorine is added to the water as a disinfectant to kill harmful bacteria and viruses.
Chlorine is added to the water dump or rinse at the packhouse to prevent the spread of spores.
Chlorine is added to the water for a final disinfection.
Chlorine is added to the water for disinfection to protect against waterborne diseases.
Chlorine is added to the water for disinfection.
Chlorine is added to the water to kill bacteria, and fluoride is added to help prevent tooth decay.
Chlorine is added to the water to kill most disease-causing organisms.
Chlorine is added to the water.
Chlorine is added to wastewater as a disinfectant before it is discharged.
Chlorine is added to water leaving the greenhouse as a final disinfection stage.
Chlorine is also a highly corrosive substance, capable of damaging skin, eyes, and other membranes.
Chlorine is also a small contributor to ozone destruction.
Chlorine is also an essential component in the production of many life-saving pharmaceuticals.
Chlorine is also an important participant in complex natural atmospheric chemical reactions.
Chlorine is also an oxidizer used in purifying drinking water.
Chlorine is also dangerous to transport and store.
Chlorine is also familiar as a bleaching agent.
Chlorine is also important in the manufacture of paints, aerosol propellants and plastics.
Chlorine is also widely used in drinking water purification and waste-water disinfection.
Chlorine is an active element, reacting with water , organic compounds, and many metals .
Chlorine is an acutely toxic chemical.
Chlorine is an effective disinfectant and bleach.
Chlorine is an effective treatment, however, because it destroys the food supply of Legionella.
Chlorine is an element
Chlorine is an emotive subject.
Chlorine is an essential elemental building block.
Chlorine is an example of a metal.
Chlorine is an example of a p-block element.
Chlorine is an important constituent of many poison gases.
Chlorine is an inhibitor of the endocrine system and a major carcinogen.
Chlorine is another matter.
Chlorine is another potential cause for concern.
Chlorine is applied in either a gas, liquid or dry form.
Chlorine is available as solid tablets for swimming pools.
Chlorine is available in either gas, liquid, or solid forms.
Chlorine is bubbled through a solution of calcium iodide to produce calcium chloride and iodine.
Chlorine is central to water purification and eliminating disease.
Chlorine is chemical elements.
Chlorine is chemically very active.
Chlorine is contained in appreciable amounts in most fertilizer mixtures.
Chlorine is derived from salt, and used to make vinyls.
Chlorine is dissipated rapidly by sunlight.
Chlorine is drawn off only one cylinder at a time.
Chlorine is effective against bacteria and many viruses.
Chlorine is effective in killing polyoma as are many commercially available disinfectants.
Chlorine is effective in killing polyoma.
Chlorine is emitted as hydrochloric acid into the atmosphere.
Chlorine is emitted from acid regeneration plants.
Chlorine is especially harmful to organisms living in water and in soil.
Chlorine is especially harsh on children's sensitive skin and hair.
Chlorine is especially poisonous.
Chlorine is essential for certain digestive enzymes and for carbon dioxide transport.
Chlorine is essential in producing many life-saving medicines.
Chlorine is essential to human life.
Chlorine is evolved because it is in high concentration.
Chlorine is extremely damaging to the hair and scalp.
Chlorine is extremely toxic to fish and other aquatic life.
Chlorine is fed into the water in gaseous form.
Chlorine is fed into the water to kill pathogenic bacteria, and to reduce unpleasant odors.
Chlorine is found as a heavy yellowish green gas .
Chlorine is found largely in seawater where it exists as sodium chloride.
Chlorine is gases.
Chlorine is generally toxic to fish and other aquatic life.
Chlorine is greenish colored gas.
Chlorine is halogens.
Chlorine is hard on everyting it comes in contact with, spa covers, skin filters.
Chlorine is harmful to land hermit crabs.
Chlorine is heavier than air and the cloud formed tends to spread along the ground.
Chlorine is highly reactive.
Chlorine is highly toxic to fish and life in general.
Chlorine is housed indoors, so gas leaks are less severe.
Chlorine is in a group of elements having seven electrons in their outer shells.
Chlorine is inactivated in the presence of organic material.
Chlorine is injected into the untreated water before it is pumped through the distribution system.
Chlorine is injected just after leaving the filter system.
Chlorine is injected to keep bacteria from growing in the distribution system mains.
Chlorine is instantaneously and almost inexhaustibly oxidized.
Chlorine is introduced to the remaining water for disinfection to kill any remaining bacteria.
Chlorine is irreplaceable in our economy.
Chlorine is irritants.
Chlorine is known to form numerous compounds after it is added to municipal water supplies.
Chlorine is less reliable than iodine for chemical disinfection.
Chlorine is less stable then chloramine and airs out in just a few days.
Chlorine is lethal in an enclosed space.
Chlorine is liberated at the anode.
Chlorine is located in swimming pools.
Chlorine is manufactured commercially by running an electric current through salt water.
Chlorine is manufactured from potassium chloride, as well as sodium chloride, or table salt.
Chlorine is manufactured in two ways.
Chlorine is measured in the field using a portable instrument.
Chlorine is measured in the field using portable analytical instrumentation.
Chlorine is more active than iodine.
Chlorine is more effective in colder water.
Chlorine is more electronegative and attracts the electrons more strongly.
Chlorine is more electronegative than hydrogen.
Chlorine is more susceptible to reduction to chloride in more acidic conditions.
Chlorine is naturally present as organic compounds in the sea, in rivers and in plants.
Chlorine is necessary for proper functioning of a human body.
Chlorine is necessary in order to kill certain bacteria that are harmful to people.
Chlorine is needed to maintain disinfection throughout the distribution system.
Chlorine is needed to maintain disinfection throughout the water distribution system.
Chlorine is neither explosive nor flammable.
Chlorine is one chemical that is used to treat drinking water.
Chlorine is one chemical used to purify water.
Chlorine is one of a number of substances that undergo photochemical reactions.
Chlorine is one of the most common elements in nature.
Chlorine is one of the most commonly perceived tastes associated with municipal water.
Chlorine is one of the most important basic chemicals in the chemical industry.
Chlorine is one of the most toxic elements found in nature.
Chlorine is one of the ten most important industrial chemicals.
Chlorine is one of the universe's basic elements.
Chlorine is out.
Chlorine is oxidizer.
Chlorine is placed in the well and fed into the water distribution system.
Chlorine is present in most city water supplies.
Chlorine is present in most municipal water supplies.
Chlorine is produced commercially by the electrolysis of sodium chloride.
Chlorine is produced the electrolysis of salt water.
Chlorine is quite toxic when inhaled.
Chlorine is rare in the atmosphere.
Chlorine is reacted with seawater to change the iodide to iodine.
Chlorine is reactive , very corrosive , and very poisonous.
Chlorine is reduced at the cathode.
Chlorine is released very quickly.
Chlorine is removed and minerals are added for taste.
Chlorine is represented by a green object.
Chlorine is required in photosythesis.
Chlorine is safe at the levels used for water treatment.
Chlorine is sent in by transport and it's brought in barrels.
Chlorine is shipped as a liquid in steel bottles or tank cars.
Chlorine is so toxic that it was used during World War II as a poison gas.
Chlorine is stable in steel containers at room temperature when dry.
Chlorine is still the most effective way of disinfecting domestic wastewater.
Chlorine is the chemical added to water for disinfection.
Chlorine is the fish killing agent.
Chlorine is the greatest cripple and killer of the modern times.
Chlorine is the greatest crippler and killer of modern times.
Chlorine is the main chemical used to clean the water, mostly because it is cheapest.
Chlorine is the main compound which reduces the ozone layer in the upper atmosphere.
Chlorine is the most common chemical disinfectant, but ozone is also an important option.
Chlorine is the most common disinfectant used in the United States and Canada.
Chlorine is the most common disinfectant used to treat drinking water and swimming pools.
Chlorine is the most common disinfectant used with water.
Chlorine is the most common pool disinfectant and is effective against most germs.
Chlorine is the most effective anion in lowering urine pH and, therefore, making blood more acidic.
Chlorine is the most effective killer of bacteria in water supplies.
Chlorine is the most important chemical added to water in terms of public health.
Chlorine is the most reactive.
Chlorine is the most widely applied disinfecting agent for swimming pool water.
Chlorine is the most widely used drinking water disinfectant in North America.
Chlorine is the name of the element.
Chlorine is the water treatment of choice because it is efficient, economical and easy to use.
Chlorine is toxic and for that reason is extremely anti-bacterial.
Chlorine is toxic to fish.
Chlorine is toxic.
Chlorine is treated somewhat differently.
Chlorine is used as a bleach and disinfectant.
Chlorine is used as a disinfectant against waterborne microbiological infections.
Chlorine is used by the city as a disinfectant.
Chlorine is used by the paper industry for two purposes.
Chlorine is used extensively in polymers and in organic chemistry .
Chlorine is used extensively in the treatment of our water system to make it safe to drink.
Chlorine is used for disinfection and odor control.
Chlorine is used for final disinfection.
Chlorine is used for producing safe drinking water all around the world.
Chlorine is used in industry and in household cleaning products.
Chlorine is used in pools and drinking water because it is a great disinfectant.
Chlorine is used in small quantities in swimming pools and hot tubs.
Chlorine is used in water and swimming pools.
Chlorine is used in water purification because it is effective and it is persistent.
Chlorine is used in water purification, and as a disinfectant and antiseptic.
Chlorine is used most often to disinfect private wells.
Chlorine is used to assure the bacterial safety of the drinking water.
Chlorine is used to clean out germs in water.
Chlorine is used to control bacteria in the sanitary plant effluent.
Chlorine is used to disinfect drinking water supplies, pool water and sewage treatment effluent.
Chlorine is used to disinfect municipal water supplies and water in swimming pools.
Chlorine is used to disinfect the plant effluent before it is discharged to the Town Branch Creek.
Chlorine is used to disinfect the water.
Chlorine is used to disinfect water.
Chlorine is used to kill disease-causing organisms and for odor control.
Chlorine is used to kill microbes in many treatment facilities.
Chlorine is used to make many products, including paper, plastic, paint and pesticides.
Chlorine is used to make water clearer and purer.
Chlorine is used to manufacture each of the following products.
Chlorine is used to remove any hazardous bacteria.
Chlorine is used worldwide to ensure that water is drinkable.
Chlorine is very active and is used in acids and bleaches which kill germs.
Chlorine is very bad for hermit crabs.
Chlorine is very effective against algae , bacteria and viruses .
Chlorine is very effective against bacteria but less effective against viruses and protozoa.
Chlorine is very harmful to fish.
Chlorine is very irritating and greenish-yellow gas.
Chlorine is very soluble in water so is simply dissolved in the supply.
Chlorine is virtually ineffective on crypto at levels typically used for disinfection.
Chlorine is, essentially, bleach.
Chlorine isa element.
Chlorine isa fluid.
Chlorine isa halogen.
Chlorine keeps tap water clean and is the key to the manufacture of pharmaceuticals.
Chlorine kills any remaining bacteria left in the water.
Chlorine kills fish.
Chlorine kills living creatures, and can be harmful to birds.
Chlorine kills microbes in tap water and swimming pools.
Chlorine kills the good flora in the intestinal tract.
Chlorine makes hair brittle and dry, and can make sensitive skin flaky and itchy.
Chlorine makes sure that nothing can live in the water.
Chlorine makes up two percent by weight of all sea water on Earth.
Chlorine needs time to kill iron bacteria.
Chlorine notoriously causes hair to become brittle.
Chlorine occurs both inside and outside the cell.
Chlorine occurs naturally in the oceans.
Chlorine oxidizes iron and manganese so they can be filtered out.
Chlorine performs two duties in the treatment process.
Chlorine plays havoc with our skin and hair, chemically bonding with the protein in our bodies.
Chlorine possibly is the best example of an unbalanced policy toward pollution reduction.
Chlorine prevents water-borne epidemics such as cholera, typhoid, and hepatitis.
Chlorine produces by-products that contribute to cancer and birth defects.
Chlorine protects our system from bacterial growth.
Chlorine ranks third in electronegativity.
Chlorine reacts readily with hydrogen to form hydrogen chloride.
Chlorine reacts specifically with the copper and nickel portions of gold jewelry alloys.
Chlorine reacts to create new carcinogens.
Chlorine reacts with and destroys ozone molecules, making holes in the ozone layer.
Chlorine reacts with bromides and iodides to make bromine and iodine.
Chlorine reacts with certain metals and organic matter in the water.
Chlorine reacts with dissolved iron to form particles of iron that settle out of the water.
Chlorine reacts with hydrogen sulfide and water forming hydrochloric acid.
Chlorine reacts with many elements of both metals and nonmetals to give chlorides.
Chlorine reacts with many organic compounds to form chlorinated derivatives.
Chlorine reacts with naturally occurring organic compounds in the water to form haloforms.
Chlorine reacts with naturally occurring organic matter and forms chlorinated and brominated DBPs.
Chlorine reacts with organic material to form carcinogenic compounds.
Chlorine reacts with organic nitrogenous matter in the water.
Chlorine reacts with white phosphorus forming phosphorus trichloride and phosphorus pentachloride .
Chlorine reduces odorous tastes in the water.
Chlorine remains the most popular form of pool sanitation.
Chlorine saves lives.
Chlorine serves as a catalyst for a process that destroys ozone, turning it into breathable oxygen.
Chlorine speeds the degradation for all of the dyes .
Chlorine tends to be taken for granted.
Chlorine works because it is a powerful and toxic oxidizing agent.
Chlorine works better in warmer water.
Chlorine often irritates the eyes and lungs.
More chlorine is required to effectively disinfect turbid water.
More chlorines mean a longer life.
Most chlorine has mass.
Most chlorine is used at the site of manufacture.
Some chlorine kills fish.
Some chlorine reacts with oxygen.
A chlorinity is an amount
Chlorinity is measured by titration in a fairly simple procedure.
Chlorinity is the measure of the total weight of chloride, bromide, and iodide ions in seawater.
Chlorite compounds are extremely explosive when they come into contact with combustible material.
A chlorite is a mineral
Chlorite takes place of pyroxenes.
Chlorites are chemical compounds.
Chlorites are generally green and crystallize in the monoclinic symmetry system.
Chlorites are made by reacting chlorous acid with a base .
Chlorites are made by reacting chlorous acid with a base.
Chlorites are minerals.
Chlorites occur in a wide variety of low and medium grade metamorphic rocks.
Some chlorites are explosives.
Chloroacetic acid has many uses in syntheses.
Chloroacetic acid is a very strong acid that causes immediate damage to the skin .
Chloroacetic acid is a very strong acid that causes immediate damage to the skin.
Chloroacetic acid is carboxylic acid.
Chloroacetic acid is chemical compounds.
Chloroacetic acid is used in industrial chemical processes , for example in the production of dyes .
Chloroacetic acid is used in industrial chemical processes, for example in the production of dyes.
Chloroacetic acid is used to make the intermediate for glyphosate.
Chloroaromatic compounds are relevant environmental pollutants.
A chlorobenzene is a hydrocarbon
Chlorobenzene can evaporate when exposed to air.
Chlorobenzene enters the environment from industrial and municipal discharges.
Chlorobenzene is a colorless organic liquid with a faint, almond-like odor.
Chlorobenzene is a flammable liquid and a fire hazard.
Chlorobenzene is moderately toxic to aquatic organisms.
Chlorobenzene is unreactive towards water and decomposes only at high temperatures.
Chlorobenzene occurs as a colorless flammable liquid, with low solubility in water.
Chlorobenzenes are chemical compounds.
Chlorobenzenes are hydrocarbons.
Chlorobenzenes are solvent.
Chlorofluorocarbon is a greenhouse emission
Chlorofluorocarbon is a pollutant
Chlorofluorocarbon is fluorocarbon
Chlorofluorocarbon is fluorocarbon.
Chlorofluorocarbon is greenhouse gases.
Chlorofluorocarbon is pollutants.
Chlorofluorocarbons absorb infra-red radiation more effectively than water vapour.
Chlorofluorocarbons are a group of organic chemicals containing carbon, fluorine, and chlorine.
Chlorofluorocarbons are greenhouse gases.
Chlorofluorocarbons are the source of most of the chlorine in the stratosphere.
Chlorofluorocarbons cause ozone depletion and are minor greenhouse gases.
Chlorofluorocarbons contain carbon, chlorine and fluorine atoms.
Chlorofluorocarbons contain chlorine, one of the major destroyers of ozone.
Chlorofluorocarbons deplete the ozone layer , which absorbs UV radiation.
Chlorofluorocarbons destroy the earth's protective ozone layer.
Chlorofluorocarbons destroy the ozone layer.
Chlorofluorocarbons move up to the stratosphere gradually over several decades.
Chlorofluorocarbons result from the synthesis of fertilizers.
Chloroform appears to be a transported pollutant.
Chloroform is a by-product of chlorination and is a potent oxidant and respiratory irritant.
Chloroform is a byproduct of using chlorine as a disinfectant.
Chloroform is a carcinogen.
Chloroform is a clear liquid with an ether-like odor and a slightly sweet taste.
Chloroform is a colorless liquid with a pleasant, nonirritating odor and a slightly sweet taste.
Chloroform is a drug
Chloroform is a potent hepatotoxin and a suspect human carcinogen.
Chloroform is a probable carcinogen and is suspected of causing birth defects.
Chloroform is a probable human carcinogen.
Chloroform is a suspected carcinogen.
Chloroform is a suspected human carcinogen.
Chloroform is a toxic pollutant of air and water.
Chloroform is a volatile solvent whose vapors function as an inhaled anesthetic like nitrous oxide.
Chloroform is administered to patients on a handkerchief and inhaled.
Chloroform is an organic compound
Chloroform is chemical compounds.
Chloroform is created when drinking water is chlorinated to remove microbial pathogens.
Chloroform is created when water is chlorinated to remove microbial pathogens.
Chloroform is created when water is purified to remove life-threatening microbes.
Chloroform is found in nearly every public water system in the United States.
Chloroform is known to cause cancer in animals.
Chloroform is medicine.
Chloroform is more potent and more toxic than ether.
Chloroform is one of the most abundant chlorination by-products in drinking water.
Chloroform is one such carcinogen, a by-product of useable water supply chlorination.
Chloroform is one such compound.
Chloroform is released as a vapor from hot running water, such as in a shower.
Chloroform is sold containing a preservative.
Chloroform is suspected of causing cancer.
Chloroform is the best known example.
Chloroform is toxic and phenol burns the skin on contact.
Chloroform is unacceptable for euthanasia.
Chloroform is used as a solvent .
Chloroform is used as a solvent.
Chloroform is very poisonous , and can cause breathing problems , and problems with the heart .
Chloroform is very poisonous, and can cause breathing problems, and problems with the heart.
Chloroform lasts a long time in groundwater.
Most chloroform is eliminated by the body via the lungs.
Chloroformings is anesthesia.
Chlorogenic acid is a health villain suspected of causing intestinal cancers.
Chlorogenic acid is chemical compounds.
Chlorogenic acid is one of the allergens which coffee shares with oranges.
A chlorophyl is pigment
Chlorophyl isa pigment.
Chlorophyls are magnesium-centred porphyrins.
A chlorophyll b is a chlorophyl
Chlorophyll b is also present due to it's prevalence in plants.
Chlorophyll b is found in green algae and certain plants, it is yellow green.
Chlorophyll fluorescence can quench at high concentrations.
Chlorophyll fluorescence is an important tool in the research.
Chlorophyll meter predicts nitrogen status of tall fescue.
Chlorophyll meters can provide instantaneous, on-site information in a nondestructive manner.
Chlorophyll absorbs blue and red light and reflects green.
Chlorophyll absorbs certain light rays.
Chlorophyll absorbs certain wavelengths of light within the visible light spectrum.
Chlorophyll absorbs energy for the plant in the form of sunlight.
Chlorophyll absorbs energy from light strongly at visible frequencies.
Chlorophyll absorbs energy from sunlight which a plant uses to make food.
Chlorophyll absorbs energy from the sun and facilitates photosynthesis in plants.
Chlorophyll absorbs energy.
Chlorophyll absorbs light in the blue and red regions of the spectrum.
Chlorophyll absorbs light in the long, visible red band and fluoresces it in the near infrared band.
Chlorophyll absorbs light rays.
Chlorophyll absorbs light.
Chlorophyll absorbs rays.
Chlorophyll absorbs red and blue light from the sunlight that falls on leaves.
Chlorophyll absorbs red and blue wavelengths of light, and reflects green wavelengths of light.
Chlorophyll absorbs red light.
Chlorophyll absorbs so strongly that it can mask other less intense colours.
Chlorophyll absorbs sunlight.
Chlorophyll absorbs the red and blue light from the sunlight that contacts the leaf.
Chlorophyll acts as a deodorizer.
Chlorophyll acts as both a liver tonic and a liver cleanser.
Chlorophyll b absorbs wavelengths in the blue and red-orange parts of the spectrum.
Chlorophyll b broadens the range of light wavelengths that a plant can use.
Chlorophyll b c. Contains a porphyrin ring that binds magnesium.
Chlorophyll can be an effective detoxifier of environmental toxins.
Chlorophyll contains a hydrophyllic head group and a hydrophobic tail region.
Chlorophyll contains a magnesium atom, held in the center of a ring of atoms.
Chlorophyll converts energy.
Chlorophyll enters the photosynthetic pathway during the dark reactions.
Chlorophyll facilitates photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll fights infections.
Chlorophyll finds in plants.
Chlorophyll gives green plant leaves their color.
Chlorophyll gives leaves their green color and absorbs light that is used in photosynthesis .
Chlorophyll gives leaves their green color and absorbs light that is used in photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll gives leaves their green color.
Chlorophyll gives plants a green color.
Chlorophyll gives plants their color.
Chlorophyll gives plants their green color and makes photosynthesis work.
Chlorophyll goes into the red blood cells immediately.
Chlorophyll has chemical structures.
Chlorophyll has magnesium at it's center.
Chlorophyll has molecular structures.
Chlorophyll has properties.
Chlorophyll has same molecular structures.
Chlorophyll has similar chemical structures.
Chlorophyll has similar structures.
Chlorophyll has structures.
Chlorophyll helps clean the liver and prevent formation of cysts.
Chlorophyll helps freshen breath.
Chlorophyll helps growth.
Chlorophyll helps to absorb energy from sunlight.
Chlorophyll helps to oxygenate our systems.
Chlorophyll increases hemoglobin production, meaning more oxygen gets to the cancer cells.
Chlorophyll is chemical compounds.
Chlorophyll is chemicals.
Chlorophyll is chlorophyll.
Chlorophyll is essential for photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll is essential for plant photosynthesis .
Chlorophyll is essential to the synthesis of hemoglobin in the blood.
Chlorophyll is green.
Chlorophyll is organic matter.
Chlorophyll is pigment
Chlorophyll is pigment.
Chlorophyll is porphyrins.
Chlorophyll isa pigment.
Chlorophyll masks the appearance of all other accessory pigments naturally found in the leaves.
Chlorophyll needs for photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll occurs in a variety of forms.
Chlorophyll plays an important role in the absorption of light energy during photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll produces grass-green, carotenoids are yellow, orange or red.
Chlorophyll produces the bright green pigment that colors leaves throughout the spring and summer.
Chlorophyll removes toxins from the bones, blood tissues, and intestines.
Chlorophyll requires for photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll serves as a photoreceptor, or light receiver, for the tree.
Chlorophyll stops bacterial growth, kills germs, deactivates carcinogens and other harmful toxins.
Chlorophyll works like magic.
Chlorophylls appear green because they absorbs green light maximally.
Chlorophylls are chelate compounds in which a magnesium ion is surrounded by a porphyrin system.
Chlorophylls are greenish pigments which contain a porphyrin ring .
Chlorophylls are greenish pigments which contain a porphyrin ring.
Chlorophylls are hydrophobic due to their porphyrin ring and phytol tail.
Chlorophylls are magnesium-centered perphyrins.
Chlorophylls are magnesium-centered porphyrins.
Chlorophylls are porphyrins based upon magnesium.
Chlorophylls are the green pigments in all leaves and stems.
Chlorophylls are the main pigments in every marginal photoautotroph group with the exception of one.
Chlorophylls are the pigments of photosynthesis.
Chlorophylls c in bottom sediments as markers of diatom biomass in the southern Baltic Sea.
Chlorophylls capture light energy and convert it into chemical energy.
Chlorophylls give organelles a brown color.
Chlorophylls have three sub-types, dubbed chlorophyll a, chlorophyll b and chlorophyll c.
All chlorophyll involved in photosynthesis is bound by proteins.
All chlorophylls absorb light in the green portion of the spectrum.
Most chlorophyll absorbs certain light rays.
Most chlorophyll absorbs energy.
Most chlorophyll absorbs light rays.
Most chlorophyll absorbs light.
Most chlorophyll absorbs rays.
Most chlorophyll absorbs red light.
Most chlorophyll absorbs sunlight.
Most chlorophyll finds in plants.
Most chlorophyll has chemical structures.
Most chlorophyll has molecular structures.
Most chlorophyll has properties.
Most chlorophyll has same molecular structures.
Most chlorophyll has similar chemical structures.
Most chlorophyll has similar structures.
Most chlorophyll has structures.
Most chlorophyll helps growth.
Most chlorophyll requires for photosynthesis.
Some chlorophyll absorbs nutrients.
Some chlorophyll contains enzymes.
Some chlorophyll contains nitrogen.
Some chlorophyll has sides.
Some chlorophyll provides evidence.
Some chlorophyll reflects green light.
Some chlorophyll reflects light.
Most chlorophytes use flagellae for locomotion.
Most chlorophytes use flagellae for some locomotion.
Some chlorophytes are endosymbionts living within various protist and animals.
Some chlorophytes live symbiotically with fungi to form lichens, a mutualistic collective.
Some chloroplast membranes contain pigment.
Some chloroplast membranes contain unique pigment.
A chloroplast is a plastid
Chloroplast isa plastid.
Chloroplasts absorb blue light.
Chloroplasts absorb light.
Chloroplasts absorb sunlight to be used in photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts also contain DNA .
Chloroplasts are a double membrane organelles.
Chloroplasts are also former bacteria.
Chloroplasts are capable of harnessing energy from the sun's rays of light.
Chloroplasts are cellular organelles that are the sites of photosynthesis in plants and algae.
Chloroplasts are chromoplasts which contain chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts are considered organelles in plant cells.
Chloroplasts are double membraned organelles.
Chloroplasts are found exclusively in plant cells and are the site of photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts are found in all types of plants and algae.
Chloroplasts are found in the cytoplasm in plant cells.
Chloroplasts are found mainly in mesophyll cells forming the tissues in the interior of the leaf.
Chloroplasts are found mainly in the cells of mesophyll, the tissue in the interior of the leaf.
Chloroplasts are green because of the pigment chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts are green colored plastids for they contain greater amounts of chlorophyll pigments.
Chloroplasts are green due to the chlorophyll which they contain.
Chloroplasts are important because they are where photosynthesis takes place.
Chloroplasts are large organelles found in plants cells which are responsible for photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts are larger than mitochondria, and are surrounded by three specialized membranes.
Chloroplasts are located in the cells of green plant parts such as leaves and stems.
Chloroplasts are made of three types of membrane.
Chloroplasts are mostly oval in longitudinal view and rounded in cross-section view.
Chloroplasts are necessary for carrying out photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts are never present.
Chloroplasts are one of many types of organelles in the plant cell.
Chloroplasts are one of several types of specialized plant-cell structures called plastids.
Chloroplasts are one of the many different types of organelles in the cell .
Chloroplasts are one of the many different types of organelles in the cell.
Chloroplasts are organelles found in plant cells and green algae that conduct photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts are organelles found in plant cells that conduct photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts are organelles found in plant cells, which are above the ground.
Chloroplasts are organelles in plants and some algae.
Chloroplasts are organelles specialized for photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts are organelles.
Chloroplasts are plastids, organelles that can contain pigments.
Chloroplasts are plastids.
Chloroplasts are present in plant cells only.
Chloroplasts are present mostly in leaves, but are also present in green stems and unripe fruit.
Chloroplasts are primarily in cells of mesophyll , green tissue in the leaf's interior.
Chloroplasts are red autofluorescent.
Chloroplasts are responsible for making food within cells.
Chloroplasts are special parts of most green plant cells.
Chloroplasts are specialized cellular parts that are analogous to organs in the body.
Chloroplasts are specialized organelles found in all higher plant cells.
Chloroplasts are structures of the highest physiological importance.
Chloroplasts are structures that enable the plant to make sugars through photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts are the factories where photosynthesis takes place.
Chloroplasts are the green organelles in the cytoplasm that make food in plant cells.
Chloroplasts are the most familiar plastids.
Chloroplasts are the site of complex lipid metabolism.
Chloroplasts are the site of photosynthesis and they are in plant cells.
Chloroplasts are the site of photosynthesis in eukaryotic cells.
Chloroplasts are the site of photosynthesis in plants only.
Chloroplasts are the site of photosynthesis, which is where solar energy is converted into sugar.
Chloroplasts are the sites of photosynthesis in plants . .
Chloroplasts are the sites of photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts are the small compartments in leaf cells that generate energy from sunlight.
Chloroplasts are the structures in which photosynthesis happens.
Chloroplasts are the structures which manufacture chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts are the tiny, spherical bodies containing chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts are thus the central site of the photosynthetic process in plants.
Chloroplasts are tiny and green, and they contain chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts are tiny structures containing the green pigment chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts are typically lens-shaped and bounded by a double membrane.
Chloroplasts are unique to plant cells.
Chloroplasts are unique to the photosynthetic protista and plants.
Chloroplasts are very small structures that are found in many plant cells.
Chloroplasts are what give plants their green color.
Chloroplasts are where photosynthesis occurs within the leaf.
Chloroplasts are where photosynthesis takes place.
Chloroplasts can serve as cellular sensors.
Chloroplasts capture energy from sunlight and use it to produce food for the cell.
Chloroplasts capture energy.
Chloroplasts conduct photosynthesis and are found in plant cells and other eukaryotic organisms.
Chloroplasts contain a green pigment called chlorophyll which traps light energy from the sun.
Chloroplasts contain a green substance called chlorophyll .
Chloroplasts contain a green substance called chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts contain chemicals.
Chloroplasts contain chlorophyll a and b.
Chloroplasts contain chlorophyll and absorbs light energy for photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts contain chlorophyll pigments and occur in all green parts of the plant.
Chloroplasts contain chlorophyll, a green pigment which absorbs light energy for photosynthesis .
Chloroplasts contain chlorophyll, the green pigment that captures sunlight for the plant.
Chloroplasts contain chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts contain chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts contain chlorophylls a and b and accessory pigments carotenoids and xanthophylls.
Chloroplasts contain genetic information .
Chloroplasts contain green chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts contain green pigment chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts contain light-capturing pigments and enzymes that transform light energy into sugar.
Chloroplasts contain photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts contain pigment chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts contain the green pigment chlorophyll and play a role in photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts contain the green pigment chlorophyll which is needed for photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts contain the green pigment chlorophyll, which absorbs light .
Chloroplasts contain the molecule chlorophyll , which absorbs sunlight for photosynthesis .
Chloroplasts contain the molecule chlorophyll, which absorbs sunlight for photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts contain their own DNA that is separate from the nucleus.
Chloroplasts convert energy.
Chloroplasts exist in green plant cells.
Chloroplasts find in plants.
Chloroplasts float in the juices of each cell and are inherited from the female parent.
Chloroplasts form clumps that resemble polka dots in both gametophyte and sporophyte tissue.
Chloroplasts form spirals.
Chloroplasts have an inner membrane system consisting of thylakoids.
Chloroplasts have chlorophyll.
Chloroplasts have layer membranes.
Chloroplasts have membranes.
Chloroplasts have specific structures involved in photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts have their own DNA and self-replicating under the influence of nuclear genes.
Chloroplasts have their own genome , which is much smaller than that of free-living cyanobacteria .
Chloroplasts have their own genome, which is much smaller than that of free-living cyanobacteria.
Chloroplasts help food.
Chloroplasts is where photosynthesis takes place.
Chloroplasts make food.
Chloroplasts make leaves green.
Chloroplasts move in relation to light.
Chloroplasts normally capture light to produce food through photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts occupy a substantial proportion of the cytoplasmic volume outside the vacuole.
Chloroplasts occur in cells of leaves and young stems of higher plants.
Chloroplasts occur in most cell types but only in organs above ground.
Chloroplasts occur in most cells of the green plant undergoing photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts occur in plants and algae.
Chloroplasts perform light energy capture to drive photosynthetic electron transport.
Chloroplasts possess a double membrane.
Chloroplasts produce nutritious elements with the help of sunshine.
Chloroplasts specialize in producing and briefly storing food.
Chloroplasts thus use light energy to make sugar by coordinating the two stages of photosynthesis.
Chloroplasts trap light energy and convert it into sugar.
Chloroplasts use chlorophyll which is a green pigment that absorbs red and blue light.
Chloroplasts use energy from light to transform carbon dioxide and water into sugar and oxygen.
Chloroplasts use photosynthesis to turn sunlight into food.
Chloroplasts use the energy from the Sun to make food.
Chloroplasts variable, but usually discoid.
Most chloroplasts absorb blue light.
Most chloroplasts absorb light.
Most chloroplasts capture energy.
Most chloroplasts contain chemicals.
Most chloroplasts contain chlorophyll.
Most chloroplasts contain green chlorophyll.
Most chloroplasts contain green pigment chlorophyll.
Most chloroplasts contain photosynthesis.
Most chloroplasts contain pigment chlorophyll.
Most chloroplasts convert energy.
Most chloroplasts find in plants.
Most chloroplasts form spirals.
Most chloroplasts have chlorophyll.
Most chloroplasts have layer membranes.
Most chloroplasts have membranes.
Most chloroplasts help food.
Some chloroplasts contain a structure called the chloroplast peripheral reticulum .
Some chloroplasts contain chlorophyll pigment.
Some chloroplasts contain different pigment.
Some chloroplasts contain enzymes.
Some chloroplasts contain green pigment.
Some chloroplasts contain photosynthetic pigment.
Some chloroplasts contain pigment.
Some chloroplasts provide food.
Some chloroplasts show developing starch grains.
Chloroprene is a hydrocarbon
Chloroprene offers good resistance to chemicals, atmospheric degradation, oils, and fats.
Chloroquine resistance is confirmed in the departments bordering Brazil and Ecuador.
Chloroquine resistance is widespread in Africa.
A chloroquine is an antimalarial drug
Chloroquine alone is now inadequate for prophylaxis in most areas.
Chloroquine inhibits heme-dependent protein synthesis in Plasmodium falciparum .
Chloroquine interferes with pigment synthesis affecting the colour of blonde or red hair.
Chloroquine passes into breast milk.
Chloroquines are antimalarial.
Chloroquines are drugs.
Chloroquines are pharmaceutical drugs.
Chlorosis induced by the action of toxins usually occurs uniformly in all tissues.
Chlorosis is anemia
Chlorosis ranges from light green to yellow and in some instances white.
Chlorotic areas die.
Chlorotic foliage is a sickly yellow-green.
Chlorotic leaves range in color from light green through yellow to almost white.
Chlorotic leaves are yellowish green to yellow except where they are green near the veins.
Chlorotic leaves are yellowish-green to yellow except where they are green near the veins.
Chlorotic leaves develop during spring and summer on susceptible cultivars.
Chlorotic mottle develops as small patches of yellow tissue surrounded by apparently healthy tissue.
Chlorotic plants exhibit partial or complete yellowing of the leaves.
Chlorotic spots occur where damaged adjacent cells coalesce.
Chlorotic streaks appear on new leaves, presaging stunted growth and death.
Chlorotic tissue becomes necrotic progressing inwards.
Chlorotic tissue is a common symptom of virus infection.
A chlorpromazine is a neuroleptic
A chlorpromazine is a phenothiazine
Chlorpromazine attenuates the pulmonary vascular response to alveolar hypoxia in piglets.
Chlorpromazine diminishes the effect of oral anticoagulants.
Chlorpromazine is effective but has serious side effects.
Chlorpromazine modulates the morphological macro- and microstructure of endothelial cells.
Chlorpromazine turns forty.
Chlorpromazines are drugs.
A chlorthalidone is a water pill
Chlorthalidone appears in breast milk.
Chlorthalidone is very resistant to metabolic breakdown.
Chlorthalidone lowers blood pressure.
Chlorthalidone promotes mineral retention in patients with idiopathic hypercalciuria.
Choanal atresia creates a dead end at the back of the nasal passages.
Choanal atresia is a congenital absence of communication between the nasal cavity and nasopharynx.
Choanal atresia is the lack of a connection between the nose and the mouth .
Choanal atresia occurs equally across races.
A choanocyte is a flagellated cell
Choanocyte isa cell.
Choanocytes are found lining the spongocoel.
Choanocytes are located in the interior part of the sponge.
Choanocytes are vase shaped cells with a collar of fine fibrils connected by microvilli.
Choanocytes are versatile cells.
Choanocytes are very similar in structure to choanoflagellate protozoa.
Choanocytes can transform to become male sex cells, or oocytes.
Choanocytes function to take food and bacteria through phagocytosis.
Choanocytes give rise to egg and sperm cells, and archaeocyte cells also give rise to egg cells.
Choanocytes have (part) cell membranes.
Choanocytes have (part) chromatin.
Choanocytes have (part) chromosomes.
Choanocytes have (part) corpi.
Choanocytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Choanocytes have (part) cytoskeletons.
Choanocytes have (part) lobes.
Choanocytes have (part) nuclei.
Choanocytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Choanocytes have (part) sections.
Choanocytes have (part) vacuoles.
Choanocytes have flagella that propel water through the body.
Choanocytes line the radial canals.
Choanocytes line the spongocoel and filter nutrients out of the water.
Choanocytes line the spongocoel.
Choanocytes move water through flagellar movement.
Choanoflagellate genomes are evolutionarily unique.
A choc is chocolate
Choc contains one of the last prestine stretches of coastline in tropical America.
A chock is a block
Chocks are available.
A chocolate bar is chocolate
Chocolate bars are a good source of energy, giving nibbles to accompany sandwiches etc.
Chocolate bars are bigger and heavier than vanilla bars.
Chocolate bars are good energy.
Chocolate bars are great for energy.
Chocolate bars are okay, and candy gets a pass.
Chocolate bars are the biggest export item of the Austrian confectionery industry.
Chocolate bars suffering from fat bloom look dusty or cloudy, taste bland, and melt too easily.
A chocolate cake is a cake
Chocolate cake baking in the over smells a lot better than the smell of cabbage cooking.
Chocolate cake has some kinds.
Chocolate cake is always brown.
Chocolate cake is made up of matter.
Chocolate cake makes a welcome change from meals prepared from field ration boxes.
Chocolate cake takes just half the time for a similarly large batch.
Chocolate cakes are a sold in shops as well as made at home.
Chocolate cakes are cakes.
Chocolate cakes are food.
Chocolate cakes have brown color.
Chocolate cakes have color.
Most chocolate cakes have brown color.
Most chocolate cakes have color.
Chocolate chip cookies in a copper coffee cup.
Chocolate chip cookies.
Chocolate chip is always the most popular choice.
Chocolate chip remains the family's favorite.
Chocolate chips are a good addition to the muffins.
Chocolate chips are most common in cookies .
Chocolate chips are most common in cookies.
Chocolate chips are one of the four food groups.
Chocolate chips are small bits of milk chocolate.
Chocolate chips are the cookies most baked in American homes.
Chocolate chips belong in chocolate chip cookies.
Chocolate City offers no assurance of uninterrupted or error free service.
Chocolate coins are available in the following flavors and foil colors.
Some chocolate factories are open to the public, though it is often necessary to book in advance.
Chocolate fish are the treats for the day.
Chocolate flavour seems to be best at disguising the taste.
A chocolate fondue is a dish
Chocolate fondue is an elegant evening or party tray.
Chocolate fondue is handled like a cheese fondue.
Chocolate liquor is chocolate
Chocolate liquor is chocolate.
Chocolate liquor is pure, unsweetened chocolate.
Chocolate liquor is simply the term for the pure, processed product of the cocoa bean.
Chocolate liquor is the element in chocolate that gives it that rich chocolaty taste.
Chocolate liquor is the paste that is produced when cocoa beans are roasted and ground.
Chocolate makers are well represented in the group, however.
Chocolate malt comes in handy, or perhaps a little black patent for color and flavor.
Chocolate malt comes thru nicely.
Chocolate malt provides the color and flavor.
Chocolate manufacturers blend the beans and that's what gives chocolate the flavor and color.
Chocolate manufacturers worry about the feel of the chocolate melting on the tongue.
Chocolate milk beats soda anyday.
Chocolate milk causes tooth decay.
Chocolate milk changes the flavor but doesn t reduce the benefits.
Chocolate milk contains the same nutrients as unflavored milk.
Chocolate milk has a protective effect on teeth.
Chocolate milk has twice the calories of regular, unflavored milk.
Chocolate milk is a good thing.
Chocolate milk is a great multi-purpose drink, with many forms and uses.
Chocolate milk is always brown.
Chocolate milk is bad for children.
Chocolate milk is better tolerated than white milk and adding solids to milk promotes tolerance.
Chocolate milk is beverages.
Chocolate milk is brown.
Chocolate milk is convenient.
Chocolate milk is just for kids.
Chocolate milk is milk
Chocolate milk is milk.
Chocolate milk is now blue.
Chocolate milk is sweetened cocoa - flavored milk .
Chocolate milk is tolerated better.
Chocolate milk is yummy.
All chocolate milk served in the elementary program is nonfat.
Chocolate mint is best in chocolate mousse or any chocolate dessert.
Chocolate mousse is a dessert.
Chocolate mousse is bittersweet.
Chocolate mousse is mousse
Chocolate mousse is semi-sweet.
Chocolate mousse is the creamy chocolate variety, light and airy, deceptively so.
Chocolate mousse is too dense and too sweet.
Chocolate passion is a widespread emotional state.
Chocolate poisoning can cause vomiting, diarrhea, seizures, coma and death.
Chocolate syrup is a sauce
Chocolate syrup is fatfree.
Chocolate syrup is food.
Chocolate syrup is good on ice cream, too.
Chocolate syrup is located in jars.
Chocolate syrup is still the favorite topping.
Chocolate syrup is used in many different types of drinks .
Chocolate syrup is used in many different types of drinks.
A chocolate truffle is candy
Chocolate truffles are always a winner.
Chocolate truffles are densely chocolate and nutty-crusted, also without being too sweet.
Chocolate world is open year round and admission is free.
Chocolate absorbs odors easily.
Chocolate affects a dog's heart and nervous system.
Chocolate also doesn t appear to be as bad for the teeth as was once believed.
Chocolate becomes a catalyst for transformation.
Chocolate becomes one of the four major food groups.
Chocolate begins as the cacao bean of South American origin.
Chocolate brings inner peace.
Chocolate can be fatal to dogs.
Chocolate can be flavored, there are many different oil based flavoring available.
Chocolate can be harmful to pets.
Chocolate can be lethal to dogs.
Chocolate can be part of a healthful diet.
Chocolate can be part of a healthy diet when consumed in appropriate amounts.
Chocolate can be toxic for many animals and candy wrappers, lollipop sticks, etc.
Chocolate can be toxic to dogs.
Chocolate can be unrelenting.
Chocolate can be useful.
Chocolate can be very toxic for dogs.
Chocolate can cause death in an otherwise healthy pig.
Chocolate can cause seizures and death in dogs.
Chocolate can cause vomiting, diarrhea, and other ailments.
Chocolate can cause vomiting, restlessness, heart disturbances, and even death.
Chocolate can contribute to the development of pancreatitis in dogs.
Chocolate can kill dogs.
Chocolate can trigger migraine headaches.
Chocolate causes acne.
Chocolate causes cavities.
Chocolate causes migraine headaches .
Chocolate causes migraine headaches.
Chocolate chimp cookies.
Chocolate cigars, too.
Chocolate coats the palate and is rather too rich.
Chocolate comes from a tree that grows in warm areas and it likes to be in the shade.
Chocolate comes from beans.
Chocolate comes from cacao beans.
Chocolate comes from cocoa beans.
Chocolate comes from cocoa beans.
Chocolate comes from cocoa trees.
Chocolate comes from countries.
Chocolate comes from the cacao tree .
Chocolate comes from the cacao tree.
Chocolate comes from the cocoa beans and is considered a treat in many cultures.
Chocolate comes from the fruit of the cacao tree.
Chocolate comes from the seeds of a tropical tree called cacao.
Chocolate comes from the seeds of cacao trees.
Chocolate comes from tropical countries.
Chocolate conquers the continent.
Chocolate contains a chemical called theobromine that is a gastric irritant.
Chocolate contains a chemical called theobromine.
Chocolate contains a chemical that is toxic to dogs.
Chocolate contains a chemical, theobromine, which is poisonous to all dogs.
Chocolate contains a group of chemicals called methyl-xanthine alkaloids.
Chocolate contains a plant substance called phytosteral.
Chocolate contains a powerful stimulant called theobromine, which is highly toxic to pets.
Chocolate contains a substance called theobromine which is toxic.
Chocolate contains a substance called theobromine, which is toxic.
Chocolate contains a substance that can cause nausea, diarrhea, even death.
Chocolate contains a toxic substance called theobromine, which is harmful to animals.
Chocolate contains a toxic substance, theobromine, which is harmful to pets.
Chocolate contains an ingredient called theobromine, which acts very much like caffeine.
Chocolate contains an ingredient called theobromine.
Chocolate contains antioxidants, compounds that limit the oxidation of lipoprotein cholesterol.
Chocolate contains bio-active compounds, e.g. caffeine and theobromine.
Chocolate contains biogenic amines that act as sympathomimetic agents.
Chocolate contains butters.
Chocolate contains caffeine.
Chocolate contains caffeine.
Chocolate contains cocoa butter, a vegetable fat that is sensitive to heat and humidity.
Chocolate contains cocoa butters.
Chocolate contains drug substances.
Chocolate contains magne-sium, a mineral involved in the body's manufacturing of serotonin.
Chocolate contains naturally occurring plant compounds called polyphenols.
Chocolate contains nutrients.
Chocolate contains obromine, which is toxic to dogs in sufficient quantities.
Chocolate contains phenolics , the same type of antioxidants that gave red wine sales a major boost.
Chocolate contains phenylethylamine which creates a feeling similar to being in love.
Chocolate contains several amino acids, natural stimulants and natural calming elements.
Chocolate contains significant amounts of stimulants.
Chocolate contains small amounts of caffeine and larger amounts of theobromine, a similar substance.
Chocolate contains substances.
Chocolate contains the chemical theobromine which is in the same chemical family as caffeine.
Chocolate contains the same phenols as red wine.
Chocolate contains theobromine, a powerful stimulant that is toxic to pets.
Chocolate contains theobromine, a stimulant similar to caffeine.
Chocolate contains theobromine, which can result in toxicity.
Chocolate contains two antioxidants that are believed to have significant health benefits.
Chocolate contains very little caffeine.
Chocolate contains vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and plant compounds that our brain needs.
Chocolate contains vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and plant compounds that the brain needs.
Chocolate contributes little to tooth decay.
Chocolate cookies with peanut butter chips instead of chocolate chips.
Chocolate covered crickets are tasty as well.
Chocolate crusted citrus is sublime.
Chocolate definitely can be part of a balanced and varied diet.
Chocolate does contain mood altering substances.
Chocolate does have some downsides.
Chocolate drives etc. and social activities.
Chocolate enchiladas in a banana cream sauce.
Chocolate equals good.
Chocolate fixes definitely help.
Chocolate fondue with fruit chunks and berries is a sweet fondue that is excellent.
Chocolate gives dogs worms.
Chocolate goes in the east.
Chocolate has butters.
Chocolate has caffeine.
Chocolate has cocoa butters.
Chocolate has creamy taste.
Chocolate has origins.
Chocolate has taste.
Chocolate helps prevent clogged arteries and heart attacks.
Chocolate helps save Brazil's biodiversity.
Chocolate helps stop tooth decay.
Chocolate inspires nearly everyone, from the youngest child to the oldest grandfather.
Chocolate is a drink
Chocolate is always available.
Chocolate is always welcome.
Chocolate is among the most popular.
Chocolate is as popular today as it was when it was first discovered.
Chocolate is as temperamental as it is decadent, and it requires lots of patience, time and skill.
Chocolate is available in Hungary and Thailand.
Chocolate is brown.
Chocolate is candy.
Chocolate is capable of melts.
Chocolate is chocolate.
Chocolate is common among the diets of many people, especially for the student on the run.
Chocolate is dessert.
Chocolate is easy accessible and cheap.
Chocolate is easy to make.
Chocolate is ecstacy to humans and poison to dogs.
Chocolate is food for the heart.
Chocolate is food.
Chocolate is good for three things.
Chocolate is good.
Chocolate is good.
Chocolate is in the news as a heart-healthy food.
Chocolate is located in boxs.
Chocolate is located in mouths.
Chocolate is located in movies.
Chocolate is located in restaurants.
Chocolate is located in supermarkets.
Chocolate is magnesium rich.
Chocolate is medicinal.
Chocolate is moisture sensitive and absorbs odors from food, perfume and smoke.
Chocolate is more complex than other dessert flavors.
Chocolate is ok - in very small doses.
Chocolate is one of the most efficient restoratives.
Chocolate is one of the world's greatest expressions of taste and rapture.
Chocolate is one of the world's most widespread passions.
Chocolate is one of the worst.
Chocolate is one pleasure that children and adults love to eat.
Chocolate is one sweet that is popular any time of the year.
Chocolate is one thing that is consistently under rated.
Chocolate is one thing that it is best to be selfish about.
Chocolate is part of cocoa beans.
Chocolate is particularly bad.
Chocolate is pleasure food that is nearly desired by all.
Chocolate is sensual, so is purple.
Chocolate is served.
Chocolate is so delicious, smooth and creamy.
Chocolate is something women really like.
Chocolate is still a favorite even for successful dieters.
Chocolate is still a high-fat food and packs a caloric punch.
Chocolate is still a high-fat food, and many chocolate products contain large amounts of sugar.
Chocolate is still enjoyable, but the craving for it has disappeared.
Chocolate is sweeter on salty lips.
Chocolate is tops.
Chocolate is traditional because it is so universally adored.
Chocolate is used for eating.
Chocolate is usually cheap, tacky, wrapped in highly polluting packaging and high in fat.
Chocolate is usually the first item to go.
Chocolate is very high in fat and sugar, thus giving it a bad rep.
Chocolate is very popular, as are sherbet lemons.
Chocolate is very toxic to ferrets.
Chocolate is, well, different.
Chocolate isa matter.
Chocolate kills dogs.
Chocolate lasts a long time if stored properly.
Chocolate needs some acidity.
Chocolate never lasts that long.
Chocolate packs fat and sugar, so overindulging does put on pounds.
Chocolate perfumes the air.
Chocolate provides recipes for every intensity of chocolove and all levels of culinary skills.
Chocolate puts people in a good mood.
Chocolate readily absorbs other flavors and odors.
Chocolate releases the same endorphins as sex.
Chocolate saves world l Chocolate Shortage .
Chocolate seem to be the dessert of choice.
Chocolate simply enhances the effects of a naturally occurring compound in the brain.
Chocolate solves all problems.
Chocolate sprinkles In a saucepan or in the microwave, heat the milk through.
Chocolate sprinkles where thou art cast No calories in thy presence last.
Chocolate stays on the shopping list.
Chocolate tastes so rich, and sweet, and sometimes smooth.
Chocolate tends to burn if melted over boiling water.
Chocolate truffles Tiny meringues filled with chocolate.
Chocolate turns an abstinence ridden town inhabitants into sexual and sensual indulgers.
Chocolate works, too.
Chocolates are a company favorite.
Chocolates are a part of every occasion and celebration.
Chocolates are always the right color, as are cigars.
Chocolates are always the way to go.
Chocolates are easy, especially if there's no accompanying message.
Chocolates are great gift for all women and can make a good corporate gift.
Chocolates are hand-made in our Wisconsin chocolate factory in traditional copper kettles.
Chocolates are ready when they pop out, by twisting the trays.
Chocolates are that nice extra that complete events.
Chocolates buy it online.
Chocolates can be especially toxic to dogs, causing death in some cases.
Chocolates can vary in shade from light to dark chocolate.
Chocolates contain no animal fat,and the dark chocolates are lactose-free.
Chocolates have a tendency to fade badly, especially if exposed to sunlight.
Chocolates require additional production time.
Chocolates taste like the best Swiss and Belgian brands.
Chocolates tend to gum up into little ovals, and are less demanding on the arms.
Chocolate always helps.
Chocolate always is a good draw, as are other types of candy.
Chocolates always require special handing, of course.
Chocolate often plays a part in our lives unequaled by any other food.
All chocolate begins with roasting cocoa beans.
All chocolate is a necessity.
Any chocolate is good in combination.
More chocolate is needed all around, please.
Most chocolate comes from beans.
Most chocolate comes from cocoa beans.
Most chocolate comes from countries.
Most chocolate comes from tropical countries.
Most chocolate contains butters.
Most chocolate contains caffeine.
Most chocolate contains cocoa butters.
Most chocolate contains drug substances.
Most chocolate contains nutrients.
Most chocolate contains substances.
Most chocolate has butters.
Most chocolate has caffeine.
Most chocolate has cocoa butters.
Most chocolate has creamy taste.
Most chocolate has origins.
Most chocolates are made with sugar, cocoa, and soy lecithin.
Some chocolate causes acne.
Some chocolate causes problems.
Some chocolate causes reaction.
Some chocolate contains acid.
Some chocolate contains little sugar.
Some chocolate contains sugar.
Some chocolate contributes to development.
Some chocolate covers cherries.
Some chocolate covers lips.
Some chocolate covers with sugar.
Some chocolate covers with white sugar.
Some chocolate has enzymes.
Some chocolate has habits.
Some chocolate leads to illnesses.
Some chocolate leads to serious illnesses.
Chocolately notes are prevalent in the finish.
Chocoscreen ink comes in two forms, a white and a chocolate.
Choice camping is available at the state parks and private campgrounds all along the coast.
Choice language is based on underlying beliefs such as the following.
Choice modeling goes beyond Web personalization.
Choice modeling is a survey and analysis technique.
Choice of color is most important when attempting any thematic finish.
Choices of color are limited but can be custom designed.
Choice of colors includes red, royal, navy, brown, or black.
Choice of law is tricky in Cyberspace.
Choice of weapon is determined more by fitness for the job in hand than by theoretical availability.
Choice patch opens the remix, and is used throughout.
Choice programs have the potential to widen the gap between rich and poor school districts.
Choice programs require additional money to operate.
Choice schools offer programs or opportunities that are different from neighborhood schools.
Choice schools tend to attract kids who run into trouble in public schools.
All choice schools offer comprehensive programs.
Choice stone is hand-selected from around the world.
Choice time follows shared reading.
Choice time is a favorite in our class.
Choice vacation is vacation taken during the choice vacation period.
A choice is a process
Choice abounds on the hardware side of things, too.
Choice begins to become a factor.
Choice breeds competition.
Choice brings competition.
Choice brings freedom.
Choice brings responsibility.
Choice carries from one side however lay baseball trading card price.
Choice changes the psychology of it.
Choice comes through the mind, and there is no mind there.
Choice conforms to social rules, expectations, or aims.
Choice copy from the pop up menu.
Choice determines destiny.
Choice does something new.
Choice enables customers to shop for the best available gas price, and save money.
Choice encompasses both internal and external uses of such information.
Choice encourages people to experiment.
Choice enjoys a cool bath on a hot summer day.
Choice exists first and foremost to provide subscribers with reliable, timely reviews.
Choice fosters racial and ethnic integration.
Choice gives book reviews for books in all disciplines.
Choice gives parents more control over their children s education.
Choice gives parents the opportunity to seek what is best for their children.
Choice gives power, but also involves responsibility.
Choice imposes costs.
Choice improves intimacy.
Choice indicates via the lesson hence spread crimson tide jerseys.
Choice involves comparison of marginal benefit versus marginal cost.
Choice isa cognition.
Choice isa knowledge.
Choice leads to lower cost, high quality care.
Choice lets families vote with their feet, and there's nothing more democratic than that.
Choice making is an essential part of life.
Choice matches the condition.
Choice results because of scarcity.
Choice runs throughout the charter school concept.
Choice spurs competition.
Choice spurs schools to assess themselves and their competitors in the marketplace.
Choice works in the college and university world.
Choice works well for developers but is bad for users.
Choices abound for college savings.
Choices abound for the mainland boater.
Choices abound here.
Choices abound with clipart formats including gif, jpeg, wmf, and eps.
Choices abound, but are clearly described and easy to make.
Choices abound, but the following districts stand out.
Choices abound, from a rigorous academic program to exciting tours of a beautiful landscape.
Choices abound, more than ever.
Choices abound, ranging from various meat sandwiches to subs.
Choices affect development.
Choices allow for indoor and outdoor use and variations in handling and speed .
Choices also arise on every encounter with an armed guard or thug.
Choices also indicates the magazine subscriptions and television watching habits of the consumers.
Choices are a fundamental element of being human.
Choices are a fundamental part of life.
Choices are a matter of taste, but gnus and dxrn are probably good ones.
Choices are a mixture of free time and planned activities, both quiet and active.
Choices are a wonderful thing.
Choices are abundant.
Choices are actions.
Choices are active X control, active X document, etc.
Choices are almost limitless, and many unusual varieties of flowers are available only in seed.
Choices are always difficult.
Choices are always good to have.
Choices are always nice, lol.
Choices are always open for review and change.
Choices are as follows.
Choices are available and the decision ultimately belongs to the parents.
Choices are available for binding, collating and paper selection.
Choices are avail-able.
Choices are below.
Choices are big and small, important and routine, difficult and easy.
Choices are blank, degrees or minutes.
Choices are blue, green and mauve.
Choices are bottom to top, left to right, top to bottom, right to left, and all sides.
Choices are brief, or full.
Choices are color fill, color average, glow, reverse glow, light glow, bevel out, bevel in.
Choices are crossroads .
Choices are customizable.
Choices are difficult because ideology has taken a back seat.
Choices are difficult.
Choices are either moral or immoral.
Choices are endless, so exhilarate in the freedom.
Choices are endless.
Choices are essential for smooth movement and convincing combat.
Choices are essential to human dignity.
Choices are extensive.
Choices are extremely important in the recovery process.
Choices are extremely well thought out and it shows.
Choices are far more complicated.
Choices are few and far between.
Choices are few.
Choices are for the complete form or individual pages.
Choices are from easily recognizable situations.
Choices are frozen type pizza, tuna salad sandwiches, etc.
Choices are grapevine, straw or artificial greens, miniature tree or tree cone.
Choices are great for consumers.
Choices are hard because the are between alternatives that are equally noble.
Choices are here.
Choices are human, animal, male, female, inpatient, and outpatient.
Choices are important.
Choices are inconvenient.
Choices are inevitable because resources are limited.
Choices are instrumental to performance of job, task, function, or performance.
Choices are intraday, five day, three months, one year, two year or five year.
Choices are ip, sk, lw, ws, nw, or none.
Choices are leopard or zebra print on super soft cotton velveteen.
Choices are like below.
Choices are like sweeties.
Choices are limited and are announced each day at lunch.
Choices are limited and vegetarian-only restaurants are nonexistent on the Peninsula.
Choices are limited, but the savings are worthwhile.
Choices are limitless.
Choices are many and varied for all courses here.
Choices are milk, dark, white, or sugarfree chocolate.
Choices are more limited in the spring semester.
Choices are never easy, and sometimes downright painful.
Choices are never good or bad.
Choices are nice, but the responsibility that goes with choice in health care can be awesome.
Choices are now available.
Choices are obvious and motivating.
Choices are often skewed towards items with dramatic video, sensation and triviality.
Choices are Only server, One more more servers already running on the network.
Choices are our conscious experience of moral or other dilemmas.
Choices are out of context of the time period.
Choices are out there to catch the eye.
Choices are permanent, and they lead to more choices, which are also permanent.
Choices are powerful.
Choices are provided for the children and autonomy is encouraged.
Choices are public.
Choices are repeaters, bridge, hubs, routers.
Choices are simple, straightforward, and uncomplicated.
Choices are so limited.
Choices are so very important in the toddler years.
Choices are somewhat limited and up-front fees high.
Choices are the building blocks of life.
Choices are the foundation upon which boundaries are built.
Choices are the hinges upon which the paths of our lives turn.
Choices are the same as above the answer is sharelevel.
Choices are there for the consumer.
Choices are to be in accordance with the limits stated in the previous paragraph.
Choices are to move up for more general information and down for more specific information.
Choices are to put a drain under the road or level out the road.
Choices are to take it out or put it in a separate specification.
Choices are top, middle or bottom.
Choices are turkey, ham, tuna, roast beef, veggie sandwich.
Choices are unending and get better each visit.
Choices are varied and readily available.
Choices are varied, usually well prepared, with a range to suit almost any palate.
Choices are vast.
Choices are wonderful to have, especially when selecting a major.
Choices are wonderful, but confusing.
Choices are, in acting terms, extremely important.
Choices become doubly difficult when both parents work out of the home.
Choices become tough for teachers because they are rooted in core moral values.
Choices can be difficult.
Choices can be good.
Choices can be in any sequence in the text file.
Choices can be stations or activity centers to visit.
Choices can have a rippling effect for generations to come.
Choices can have direct impact.
Choices can have impact.
Choices can include using a savings account or a line of credit loan account to provide protection.
Choices can make all the difference in the world.
Choices can range from remote controls to lyric searchers.
Choices can really throw a student.
Choices Can the faculty member choose the level of e.
Choices center on size and technology.
Choices change daily.
Choices come from knowledge.
Choices concerning money during our lifetime often affect future generations after our death.
Choices consist of two options and their variations.
Choices continue until the organism is identified.
Choices continues to operate smoothly and is widely recognized beyond our profession.
Choices contribute to outcomes.
Choices create destinations.
Choices creates, gives, and marks multiple-choice test.
Choices currently range from exotic cruise tours to well-paced hiking excursions.
Choices depend on ages.
Choices depend on characteristics.
Choices depend on choices.
Choices depend on complexity.
Choices depend on conditions.
Choices depend on factors.
Choices depend on individual needs and preference.
Choices depend on level of training and area of concentration.
Choices depend on many factors.
Choices depend on many factors.
Choices depend on personal characteristics.
Choices depend on relative values.
Choices depend on skills.
Choices depend on the hardware capture device selected.
Choices depend on vegetation conditions.
Choices depend upon characteristics.
Choices depend upon the use to which the model is to be put, but are often highly complex.
Choices depend upon types.
Choices determine fate.
Choices differ from country to country, but generally include white and yellow pages.
Choices do have consequences.
Choices empower students to make decisions for themselves.
Choices exist in regions.
Choices Form .
Choices GIFs Sorry.
Choices give children a sense of control and a feeling of competence.
Choices has good food, good conversation and a great atmosphere.
Choices have consequences .
Choices have consequences, some more serious than others.
Choices have consequences.
Choices have consequences.
Choices have cost.
Choices have impact.
Choices have incredible power.
Choices have life and death consequences.
Choices have positive impact.
Choices have power.
Choices have significant consequences.
Choices have to be made and any choice results in an opportunity cost.
Choices have to be made in order to produce a healthy crop.
Choices have to be made regarding weights to assign to different characteristics.
Choices have to be made resulting in the use of smaller amounts of some foods and more of others.
Choices have to be made today.
Choices have to be made which settlements are selected, and which ones are omitted.
Choices have to be made, then, about the allocation of resources.
Choices have to be made.
Choices have two directions.
Choices help children focus on a taks and can direct away from danger or other troubled feelings.
Choices help life.
Choices helps students develop character traits needed for social as well as academic success.
Choices impact health.
Choices improve chances.
Choices include assessments.
Choices include oatmeals.
Choices influence results.
Choices initiate actions.
Choices involve risks.
Choices involve the consideration of ethics, taxes, and operational culture.
Choices is a book of short stories written by characters who live in a small mountain community.
Choices is a computer based program that can be used to explore career options.
Choices is a local organization providing temporary shelter for women and their children.
Choices is also available in the library.
Choices is available on all campus computers.
Choices is bad.
Choices is excellent for exploring new work options.
Choices is located in Seattle, Washington.
Choices is our new college and career data base software.
Choices is truly a food court like no other.
Choices is what it is all about.
Choices just seem endless and so much cheaper.
Choices lead to cooperative or coercive outcomes.
Choices liberate and they imprison.
Choices made by African states regarding international economic affairs are especially important.
Choices made by many students appear to be far less than optimal.
Choices made in high school can affect a person's entire life.
Choices made in the past are the intial conditions of the present-day Southern European landscape.
Choices make up the funny antics and lively personalities of the neighborhood game.
Choices makes our friends.
Choices matter and there are consequences.
Choices occur in relation to a timeline, universal and personal.
Choices open an exhibition to visitors of all ages, abilities, and levels of interest.
Choices presents an object oriented environment to applications.
Choices range from a certificate literacy programme to an afternoon tea dance in the community.
Choices range from a short evening ramble to a challenging multi-day trip.
Choices range from addition and subtraction up to multiplication and division.
Choices range from all stock, small worlds to all original large worlds.
Choices range from bass to crappie to catfish.
Choices range from biology to economics, and oceanography to criminology.
Choices range from botanical to abstract.
Choices range from budget touring to deluxe touring, to coach tours with an accent on activities.
Choices range from business and politics to recreation and religion.
Choices range from Caribbean coconut chicken curry with black beans to Italian pasta and pizzas.
Choices range from convenience copier printers to stand-alone models with greater functionality.
Choices range from country music venues to high-energy dance clubs.
Choices range from cycling instead of driving, to working with the poor in Nicaragua.
Choices range from economy hotel with breakfast, condominiums, townhouses, hotels and alpine homes.
Choices range from functional but uninspired rooms and lofts in the village to five-bedroom homes.
Choices range from gift and fashion shops to interior design shops, salons and restaurants.
Choices range from lecture format to small discussion groups to special long-term studies.
Choices range from money market portfolios to stock and bond portfolios.
Choices range from nachos to gourmet.
Choices range from permanent glues to temporary adhesives.
Choices range from sandwiches, snacks and salads to pizzas and dinner entrees.
Choices range from single family homes to large residential units.
Choices range from skiing and snowboarding, snowmobiling, tubing and snowshoeing.
Choices range from the highly structured to self-directed exercise programs.
Choices range from the latest fiction to literary classics and how tos.
Choices range from the simple to the highly complex.
Choices range from topical chemicals to major surgery.
Choices range from traditional ice ream products to malts, nonfat and specialty treats.
Choices range from upscale bistros to casual dining in outdoor caf s.
Choices range from urban lofts to mountain hideaways.
Choices range seasonally to reflect the freshest ingredients available.
Choices regarding available funds and their allocation are the same as the regular retirement plan.
Choices relate to issues.
Choices result from needs.
Choices reveal character, conduct and destiny.
Choices rotate daily.
Choices runs on bare hardware on distributed and parallel computers.
Choices seem unlimited now.
Choices shows a naked man and woman in the upper left.
Choices skit- make up a skit with students using an example like one of the above.
Choices span multiple eras and embrace an array of design influences.
Choices standardize input values and eliminate typing errors.
Choices still have to be made.
Choices still remain important.
Choices stress self-discipline as a key to future success.
Choices supports an application interface based on objects, inheritance, and polymorphism.
Choices take place here.
Choices tend to increase motivation and reduce problem behaviors.
Choices tend toward standard bistro items, such as escargots, lamb shanks, oxtail, etc.
Choices then are euthanasia or public display for the rest of the animal's life.
Choices There are a variety of materials which make excellent mulches.
Choices There are many different moisture-absorbing incontinence products on the market today.
Choices There are many new choices available that can contribute to holistic health and wellness.
Choices There are two ways to replenish growth hormone levels.
Choices threaten survival.
Choices vary by location.
Choices vary by maker and woods and all are hand crafted.
Choices vary from cast sterling silver, pewter, fine silver, and gold vermeil.
Choices vary from single or double rooms to suites or apartments.
Choices vary from term to term.
Choices vary in speed of delivery, cost and care of handling.
Choices Write a business letter to one of the addresses listed below.
Choice always means giving up something and means undergoing some sort of discomfort.
Choices always involve value decisions.
Choices usually consist of an entree, a starch, two vegetables, a salad, a dessert and beverage.
All choices are acceptable.
All choices are appropriate to the time period.
All choices are arbitrary, hence without logical justification.
All choices are four-course meals.
All choices are inadequate, indeed dangerous, here.
All choices are made by individuals.
All choices are moral choices.
All choices are moral ones, and they are never easy.
All choices are more or less valid and equal.
All choices are optional.
All choices are subject to availability.
All choices are subject to programme planning approval.
All choices below are for use by unless otherwise noted.
All choices come from the type of style.
All choices focus on one ultimate let down.
All choices have consequences, both positive and negative.
All choices have consequences.
All choices have limitations.
All choices have opportunity costs.
All choices have photos.
All choices have private baths.
All choices have their merit.
All choices have to be finalized.
All choices involve benefits and costs.
All choices involve cost.
All choices lead to points of action.
All choices now hold pain.
All choices open some doors and close others.
All choices require a resume.
All choices teach the same curriculum and are designed to give common experiences to our students.
Any choice is a good one if mutually liked and accepted by both partners.
Any choice is correct.
Any choice is final, for some time.
Any choice is just as good as any other.
Any choice is right as long as that design choice aids the user and fulfills the site's purpose.
Any choice results in an opportunity cost equal to the value of the alternative that is forgone.
Any choice seems reasonable.
Every choice carries a consequence.
Every choice carries risks, every option has trade-offs.
Every choice carries some risk.
Every choice concerning the way an investor saves and invests money involves some degree of risk.
Every choice edges out other possible choices.
Every choice has a bid of each.
Every choice has a consequence.
Every choice has a tradeoff.
Every choice has benefits and costs.
Every choice has consequences, and some are difficult.
Every choice has consequences.
Every choice has to be for two.
Every choice has undesirable consequences.
Every choice has unique advantages and disadvantages.
Every choice helps create a future.
Every choice implies also a choice of a period of provision.
Every choice includes a complex mixture of good and bad.
Every choice involves a trade-off of some sort.
Every choice involves an opportunity cost.
Every choice involves cost.
Every choice involves higher stakes.
Every choice is a decision to sacrifice all the other possibilities.
Every choice is a renunciation.
Every choice is a trade-off of one risk for another.
Every choice is a trade-off.
Every choice is also a sacrifice.
Every choice is made in the presence of limited options.
Every choice is motivated by an intention.
Every choice is perfect.
Every choice is rooted in creating an environment that is easily recognizable.
Every choice leads to a different ending.
Every choice yields a different effect.
Many choices are available in alternative keyboards.
Many choices are available in shapes, colors and form of the plants.
Many choices are available priced reasonably.
Many choices are available through physical education, club teams or recreational facilities .
Many choices are available to educators looking to move into new careers.
Many Choices are available to today s healthcare consumer.
Many choices are available, choose from one, two and three bedroom suites.
Many choices are available, from beginner to expert.
Many choices are available, from fire lanterns to electric ones.
Many choices are available, with both single and double flowers.
Many choices are available.
Many choices are high in calories, fat, cholesterol and sodium.
Many choices are vegan, and the menu informs which non-vegan choices can be made vegan.
Many choices come hot and spicy, such as twice-cooked pork and lobster in garlic sauce.
Many choices exist today to get connected to the internet.
Many choices exist, and each has advantages.
Many choices exist, from solid brass and brushed chrome to ceramic hand-painted hardware.
Many choices involve the element of faith.
Many choices now appear.
Many Choices pp.
Many choices result from the emotional concomitants in the social setting.
Many choices There are many choices when it comes to mulch.
More choices sometimes means fewer choices.
More choice are better than limited choices.
More choice can also facilitate a greater understanding among children of diverse backgrounds.
More choice is available in every direction.
More choice is certainly a desirable goal in education.
More choice is good-but it can also be overwhelming.
More choice is the future, some say.
More choice is usually a good thing, but it can also get confusing.
More choices appear.
More choices appears to give the prospective purchaser more confidence in the publisher.
More choices are better than limited choices.
More choices are good.
More choices is better than limited choices.
More choices is better than no choice.
More choices mean a better chance of making the best decision.
More choices mean more competition, lower costs and increased satisfaction.
More choices mean more freedom.
More choices mean more options for fleets.
More choices mean more savings.
More choices means more competition, lower costs, and increased satisfaction.
Most choices affect development.
Most choices are available with a single click or from a straightforward pulldown menu.
Most choices are extremely reasonable.
Most choices can have direct impact.
Most choices can have impact.
Most choices contribute to outcomes.
Most choices depend on ages.
Most choices depend on characteristics.
Most choices depend on choices.
Most choices depend on complexity.
Most choices depend on conditions.
Most choices depend on factors.
Most choices depend on many factors.
Most choices depend on personal characteristics.
Most choices depend on skills.
Most choices depend on vegetation conditions.
Most choices depend upon characteristics.
Most choices depend upon types.
Most choices determine fate.
Most choices exist in regions.
Most choices have both benefits and drawbacks.
Most choices have both good and bad elements.
Most choices have consequences.
Most choices have impact.
Most choices have incredible power.
Most choices have positive impact.
Most choices have power.
Most choices help life.
Most choices hover around six bucks.
Most choices impact health.
Most choices improve chances.
Most choices relate to issues.
Most choices seem self-explanatory enough.
Most choices threaten survival.
Some choices affect bird food.
Some choices affect food.
Some choices affect health.
Some choices affect oral health.
Some choices affect quality.
Some choices affect women.
Some choices aid reproductive success.
Some choices aid success.
Some choices allow students to get detailed description of careers.
Some choices appear to be simple or of little consequence.
Some choices are better than others.
Some choices are beyond difficult.
Some choices are conditional on the reader having made certain previous choices.
Some choices are definitely more useful than others, but the all cost the same.
Some choices are easy to make some are hard.
Some choices are easy, While others are heart wrenching.
Some choices are easy.
Some choices are good and others are bad.
Some choices are good and some are wrong.
Some choices are light to dark, dark to light, mixture of smooth and textured, or whatever.
Some choices are liquid, chewables, junior-sized capsules or regular strength tablets or capsules.
Some choices are more environmentally friendly than other choices.
Some choices are more important than others.
Some choices are more reasonable than others.
Some choices are no-brainers.
Some choices are obvious.
Some choices are radio, television, street theatre, newspaper ads, or billboards.
Some choices are rather interesting, however.
Some choices are riskier than others.
Some choices are simple, others are more difficult.
Some choices are to log roll, cartwheel, forward roll, egg roll, leap over, walk over, etc.
Some choices are trivial, everyday options such as what to wear and where to eat.
Some choices are water, diet soda, and tea without any sugar.
Some choices are watercolor, clay, tile and glass.
Some choices are whether the group is democratically run and ecologically sensitive.
Some choices base on lifestyle.
Some choices bring pleasure.
Some choices can affect the rest of our lives, others carry short-terms rewards.
Some choices cause irritation.
Some choices cause skin irritation.
Some choices depend on templates.
Some choices dignify life and ennoble our humanity, while others debase life and our humanity.
Some choices draw attention.
Some choices enhance survival.
Some choices fit perfectly.
Some choices have a formidable impact on the environment while others are negligible.
Some choices have advantage.
Some choices have organic ingredients.
Some choices have victims.
Some choices improve health.
Some choices increase cost.
Some choices increase total cost.
Some choices lead to a chain of events that are more risky than others.
Some choices lead to cancer.
Some choices lead to happiness.
Some choices lead to health problems.
Some choices lead to outcomes.
Some choices lead to problems.
Some choices lead to unhealthy outcomes.
Some choices make senses.
Some choices offer differences.
Some choices only have immediate consequences and others have long term effects.
Some choices reduce greenhouse gas pollution.
Some choices reduce pollution.
Some choices reflect a natural bias to the museum's own holdings.
Some choices reflect philosophical commitments.
Some choices require approval.
Some choices require prior approval.
Some choices suggest a wider arena still.
Some choices take a little courage.
Some choices work well in the new film.
ChoiceSeat registration is pending.
Most choir directors seem to.
Choirs of angels sing.
A choir is a chorus
Choir isa chorus.
Choirs are a part of the worship service during the school year.
Choirs are areas.
Choirs are choruses.
Choirs are groups of people.
Choirs are made of singers.
Choirs are open to all who enjoy singing and wish to enhance worship services through music.
Choirs are performance groups, and give concerts throughout the year.
Choirs are relatively informal, and no musical talent is required.
Choirs are responsible for obtaining additional copies.
Choirs are sets.
Choirs are teams.
Choirs can also plan the perfect customized concert tour.
Choirs consistently receive superior ratings at state and national festivals.
Choirs have weekly rehearsals during the school year.
Choirs help lead worship music and hymns.
Choirs join in the evening singing at the bridge, the focal point of the evening's activities.
Choirs meet in sections.
Choirs meet in the early evening for a combined rehearsal.
Choirs meet regularly for practice and participate in worship services.
Choirs meet weekly for practice and participate in worship services.
Choirs occasionally join with the college orchestra in the performance of a major work.
Choirs sing carols in some shopping centers.
Choirs tend to be affiliated with churches.
Choirs usually sing during morning worship services held in the sanctuary.
Choirs usually sing in several parts , most often in four parts .
Choirs usually sing in several parts, most often in four parts.
All choirs are open to all interested students regardless of major.
All choirs are open to new members without audition.
All choirs are open to singers of the appropriate age and gender by audition.
All choirs are voluntary and all parishioners are welcome to sing.
All choirs participate regularly in the worship services.
All choirs perform and naturally the more advanced choirs perform more often.
All choirs rehearse weekly and perform once a month in worship services.
All choirs require an audition.
All choirs taking part recieve a written critique from the panel of judges.
Every choir sounds different.
Many choirs serve goodies at the end of choir practice.
Many choirs suffer under the illusion that their principle role in the liturgy is to sing.
Most choirs can get louder.
Most choirs have a fair amount of turnover.
Some choirs consist of members of various churches in the city.
Choke cherries are available at most Alberta nurseries.
Choke dust reduces visibility.
Choke points abound through the curving passes, making a good base defense hard to crack.
Some choke points make the game interesting.
Choke selection is also a matter of personal choice.
A choke is a coil
Chokes  gags.
Chokes are changeable from the muzzle.
Chokes are coils.
Chokes are extremely effective when attempting to immobilize and control an opponent.
Chokes are part of circuits.
Chokes are part of fuel systems.
Chokes are valves.
Chokes cause chokes.
Chokes disrupt an opponent's circulation or ability to breathe, causing unconsciousness.
Chokes trap a dark foreground object to a lighter background.
Chokes typically come in cylinder, improved cylinder, modified, improved modified, and full.
A chokecherry is fruit
Chokecherries are cherries.
Chokecherries are edible and, although somewhat astringent, are relatively sweet when fully ripe.
Chokecherries are fruit.
Chokecherries are part of chokecherries.
Chokecherries grow in a wide variety of soil types and climatic conditions.
Chokecherries make a dark, rich wine many people find tasty.
Chokecherries taste best in later autumn.
A choker is a killer
Choker isa collar.
Chokers are collars.
Chokers are jewelry.
Chokers are located in boutiques.
Chokers are located in jewelry stores.
Chokers are located in kennels.
Chokers are located in prisons.
Chokers are necklaces.
Chokers are scaled-down chicanes and work singly.
Chokers are the neck accessory of the season.
Chokers are used for decoration.
Chokers are used for dogs.
Chokers are useful if vehicles are parking too close to an intersection.
Chokers especially frame the face and set a tone to define our persona.
Chokers have (part) sections.
Chokers look best when worn with strapless or d collet wedding dresses.
Choking alerts are the most common label.
Many choking cases occur when older brothers or sisters offer unsafe foods to a younger child.
Choking are disorder.
Choking are harmeds.
Choking are pressing.
Choking are suffocation.
A cholecalciferol is a vitamin
Cholecalciferol is found in rodenticides.
Cholecalciferol is found only in animals.
Cholecalciferols are chemical compounds.
Cholecystectomy cures acute cholecystitis and biliary colic in nearly all patients.
Cholecystectomy is ablation
Cholecystokinin satiety involves ccka receptors perfused by the superior pancreaticoduodenal artery.
A cholecystokinin is a hormone
Cholecystokinin is a neurotransmitter which is both in the brain and the gut.
A cholelithiasis is pathology
Cholelithiasis can cause a painless, smooth mass in the right-upper quadrant.
Cholelithiasis can lead to cholecystitis and to pancreatitis.
Cholelithiasis can result in early satiation and weight loss.
Cholelithiasis is defined as the presence of gallstones within the gallbladder itself.
Cholelithiasis is managed surgically.
Cholelithiasis is the presence of gallstones in the gallbladder.
Cholelithiasis is unlikely to cause dyspepsia without other clinical findings.
Cholera epidemic follows drought in south Somalia.
Cholera epidemic prevails throughout Indiana.
Cholera epidemics reappear in Africa and Asia.
Cholera outbreak kills six in south-central region.
Some cholera outbreaks provide compel evidence.
Some cholera outbreaks provide evidence.
Cholera toxin binds at the surface, depending on concentration.
Cholera toxin binds to a specific receptor protein on the surface of epithelial cells.
Cholera toxin crosses the membrane of an intestinal cell and permanently activates a G protein.
Cholera toxin fights autoimmune disease.
Cholera toxin stimulates large volumes of saline secretion by directly affecting crypt cells.
Cholera vaccine is of questionable benefit to travelers of any age.
Cholera vaccine is to be administered only by or under the supervision of a doctor.
Cholera vaccine is to be taken well in advance.
Cholera advances inexorably as a tide, and who knows how.
Cholera also continues to affect the region.
Cholera also occurs in areas around the Mediterranean.
Cholera attacks the intestine, causing severe diarrhea and vomiting.
Cholera behaves ecologically, however, like a three-factor complex.
Cholera can affect anyone who has ingested contaminated food or water linked with the infection.
Cholera can cause watery diarrhoea and sometimes death.
Cholera can survive in the environment for extended periods of time.
Cholera causes intense diarrhea and dehydration, which if untreated often causes death.
Cholera causes loss of fluids.
Cholera causes severe diarrhea and dehydration.
Cholera causes vomiting and severe diarrhea leading quickly to dehydration, shock, and death.
Cholera causes vomiting, diarrhea and extreme dehydration.
Cholera comes with bad hygiene, linked to poverty, disruption, migration and war.
Cholera has a rapid onset and most often occurs in epidemics spread through contaminated water.
Cholera has an acute onset.
Cholera hides a sinister stowaway.
Cholera hits our town.
Cholera hits west coast of Africa and spreads throughout the continent after decades-long absence.
Cholera is a bacterial disease spread through water and unsanitary conditions.
Cholera is a bacterial disease that affects the intestinal tract.
Cholera is a bacterial disease usually spread through contaminated water.
Cholera is a bacterial infection commonly transmitted via contaminated water or food.
Cholera is a bacterial infection of the intestine.
Cholera is a bacterial infection.
Cholera is a bacteria-produced diarrheal disease.
Cholera is a diarrhoeal disease caused by bacterial infection of the intestine.
Cholera is a disease caused by poverty and poor sanitation.
Cholera is a disease long associated with the Ganges Delta in India.
Cholera is a disease of the human gut.
Cholera is a disease of the small intestine, unlike most other enteric illnesses.
Cholera is a frequent case in point.
Cholera is a major public health problem in developing countries, causing enormous economic losses.
Cholera is a problem in most nations experiencing major flooding.
Cholera is a severe and highly contagious gastro-intestinal malady that causes acute diarrhea.
Cholera is a severe bacterial infection of the gut that in severe, watery diarrhea.
Cholera is a severe intestinal infection that causes vomiting and diarrhoea.
Cholera is acquired by drinking water or eating food contaminated with the cholera bacterium.
Cholera is also a significant problem in parts of Asia.
Cholera is also an infection associated with poverty.
Cholera is an acute bacterial infection typically caused by drinking contaminated water.
Cholera is an acute illness characterized by watery diarrhea .
Cholera is an acute infection of the gut which causes chronic diarrhoea and vomiting.
Cholera is an acute intestinal illness .
Cholera is an acute intestinal illness.
Cholera is an acute intestinal infection.
Cholera is an epidemic disease characterized by watery diarrhea, vomiting and sudden collapse.
Cholera is an epidemic disease characterized by watery diarrhea, vomiting, and sudden collapse.
Cholera is an epidemic infectious disease which kills people.
Cholera is an infection associated with poverty.
Cholera is an infection of the small intestine caused by a bacteria.
Cholera is an infection of the small intestine caused by bacteria produced toxins.
Cholera is an infectious disease
Cholera is another enteric disease of great importance.
Cholera is another illness that strikes foreign travelers.
Cholera is bacterial infection.
Cholera is caught by drinking water or eating food contaminated with vibrio cholorae bacteria.
Cholera is caused by bacteria.
Cholera is caused by bacterial organisms.
Cholera is caused by organisms.
Cholera is caused by poor sanitation, and the germs can get into water.
Cholera is characterized by severe diarrhea which has a rice-water color and consistancy.
Cholera is common in developing countries but is rare in travellers.
Cholera is common throughout the region.
Cholera is completely out of control down here.
Cholera is diseases.
Cholera is dose dependent.
Cholera is endemic in Ghana.
Cholera is endemic in India and other parts of the third world.
Cholera is endemic in the country and outbreaks occur every year.
Cholera is essentially a disease of poverty.
Cholera is fairly common during the rainy season.
Cholera is far from disappearing.
Cholera is far worse than bubonic plague and the black death.
Cholera is found in many tropical countries around the world where outbreaks are common.
Cholera is found in many tropical countries around the world, and outbreaks are common.
Cholera is generally a disease spread by poor sanitation, resulting in contaminated water supplies.
Cholera is infectious diseases.
Cholera is mainly a problem of developing countries.
Cholera is mainly an epidemic tropical disease in Asia and Africa.
Cholera is marked by acute diarrhea that can progress to life-threatening dehydration and shock.
Cholera is one of nature's most efficient killers, sometimes claiming lives within hours of onset.
Cholera is one of the most feared clinical entities on earth.
Cholera is one of the most rapidly fatal illnesses known, often killing within hours.
Cholera is only a problem where sanitation is poor.
Cholera is present in Honduras.
Cholera is present in some parts of Ecuador.
Cholera is prevalent in many areas of Tanzania, and several strains of malaria are endemic.
Cholera is prevalent in many areas of Tanzania.
Cholera is rare in the United States.
Cholera is recommended.
Cholera is reported in some areas and there are fears of an epidemic.
Cholera is serious infection of the intestine.
Cholera is spread by contaminated water and food.
Cholera is spread by feces-contaminated water and food.
Cholera is still a risk when diasters strike.
Cholera is still around, although the number of cases is down to five a week.
Cholera is the classic example of the explosive nature of fecal-oral transmission.
Cholera is the only foodborne disease monitored by international health regulation.
Cholera is transmitted through contaminated food and water, particularly seafood.
Cholera is transmitted through ingestion of fecally contaminated food and beverages.
Cholera is very rare in the United States.
Cholera isa disease.
Cholera lies just around the corner, and more medicine is desperately needed.
Cholera locks open crucial pores in cells lining the gut.
Cholera now has a worldwide presence , with many people dying each year.
Cholera occurs both sporadically and in large, abrupt epidemics.
Cholera occurs in epidemics.
Cholera occurs regularly in Bangladesh and India.
Cholera possess a single polar flagella, and are therefore motile.
Cholera produces torrential diarrhea and vomiting.
Cholera produces toxins.
Cholera reaches Scotland from Russia, Spreads to New York.
Cholera remains a deadly killer in non-developed countries.
Cholera remains a global plague.
Cholera remains an ever-present risk in many countries.
Cholera remains an important public health problem.
Cholera remains endemic in Asia, the Middle East, Africa.
Cholera reports numerous.
Cholera requires intravenous therapy.
Cholera requires therapy.
Cholera results from poor sanitation conditions.
Cholera results when the sanitation is bad.
Cholera seems to be on the increase for lack of potable water.
Cholera spreads west along the Trail, helped by damp weather.
Cholera starts with serious vomiting and diarrhea.
Cholera sweeps through Russia and central Europe to Scotland.
Cholera too is endemic in certain parts of Africa.
Cholera often claims lives within hours of onset.
Most cholera is caused by bacteria.
Most cholera is caused by bacterial organisms.
Most cholera is caused by organisms.
Most cholera produces toxins.
Most cholera requires intravenous therapy.
Most cholera requires therapy.
Cholestasis of pregnancy is a relatively minor liver problem.
A cholestasis is disorder
Cholestasis is associated with preproenkephalin mRNA expression in the adult rat liver.
Cholestasis is caused by a blockage.
Cholestasis is present near the limiting plate.
Cholestasis is reduced or stopped bile flow.
Cholestasis is the blockage in the supply of bile into the digestive tract.
Cholestasis usually develops in the first few months of life.
Cholestasis usually develops in the second or third trimester and disappears after delivery.
Cholestatic hepatitis occurs in a very small percentage of patients.
Cholestatic jaundice occurs uncommonly.
All cholesteric polymers have good adhesion to glass, paper, and polymer supports.
Cholesterol crystals are flat, rectangular plates with notched corners and are colorless.
Cholesterol embolism can also cause petechiae, usually over the lower extremities.
Cholesterol level is determined by testing a small sample of blood.
Cholesterol level is in milligrams.
Cholesterol level is measured in milligrams per deciliter of blood.
Cholesterol levels are also better.
Cholesterol levels are another example.
Cholesterol levels are high at birth and increase with age.
Cholesterol levels are high, but all else is well within acceptable limits.
Cholesterol levels are much lower in vegetarians.
Cholesterol levels are of great interest to consumers.
Cholesterol levels are still too high practically in all populations.
Cholesterol levels are typically low.
Cholesterol levels can be very high during pregnancy and while nursing.
Cholesterol levels decrease.
Cholesterol levels depend on levels.
Cholesterol levels go up at first.
Cholesterol levels increase due to consumption of saturated fat and cholesterol.
Cholesterol levels increase during pregnancy and nursing because of increased hormone levels.
Cholesterol levels provide information about many risks.
Cholesterol levels rise after puberty.
Cholesterol levels seem to be normally distributed.
Cholesterol levels tend to rise after menopause.
Cholesterol levels tend to rise.
Most cholesterol levels depend on levels.
Some cholesterol levels are below mg.
Some cholesterol levels lead to cardiovascular diseases.
Some cholesterol levels lead to diseases.
Some cholesterol levels result in death.
Cholesterol reduction lowers the risk of having a heart attack or a stroke.
Cholesterol tests are widely available, inexpensive and risk-free.
Cholesterol accumulates in hamster livers.
Cholesterol accumulates in livers.
Cholesterol acts to stabilize the membrane.
Cholesterol also affects fluidity.
Cholesterol also assists in the absorption of essential fatty acids.
Cholesterol also fulfills other functions.
Cholesterol also helps the body make steroid hormones and bile acids.
Cholesterol also is a building block in the formation of certain types of hormones.
Cholesterol also looks very different than triglyceride.
Cholesterol also plays an important role in digestion.
Cholesterol also plays an integral part in memory formation and neurological function.
Cholesterol also stabilizes a cell against temperature changes.
Cholesterol appears to be a usual precursor for steroidal saponins.
Cholesterol assists hedgehog proteins in attaching to specific cell membranes.
Cholesterol attaches itself to fiber and is carried out of the body with solid waste matter.
Cholesterol becomes a problem only when it is oxidized.
Cholesterol belongs to a group of compounds known as lipoproteins.
Cholesterol builds up in the blood . . .
Cholesterol builds up, blood pressure increases and the immune system is weakened.
Cholesterol can affect the brain as well as cell membranes and cell communication.
Cholesterol can also create problems.
Cholesterol can also flip easily from one side of the bilayer to the other.
Cholesterol can be a direct cause of coronary heart disease.
Cholesterol can be downright confusing.
Cholesterol can become a risk to health, however, when there is more in the body than is needed.
Cholesterol can begin damaging blood vessels in childhood and adolescence.
Cholesterol can build up on the insides of blood vessel walls.
Cholesterol can come from mom.
Cholesterol Can donate if on dit control.
Cholesterol can hinder the repair process.
Cholesterol can play a critical role in a person's health.
Cholesterol can start damaging blood vessels in childhood and adolescence.
Cholesterol causes a range of diseases in adults.
Cholesterol causes deposits to form inside blood vessels.
Cholesterol causes more rigidity at membrane face, less rigidity in membrane core.
Cholesterol causes plaque.
Cholesterol clogs arteries.
Cholesterol collects along the weakened area.
Cholesterol comes from a variety of sources.
Cholesterol comes from animal fat.
Cholesterol comes from animals products, meat, eggs, and milk.
Cholesterol comes from saturated fats.
Cholesterol comes from two sources.
Cholesterol contains cholesterol.
Cholesterol contributes to the fatty deposits in atherosclerosis.
Cholesterol counts for everyone.
Cholesterol decreases the permeability of the bilayer to small water-soluble molecules.
Cholesterol does both good and bad things for the body.
Cholesterol does many important jobs in a cell .
Cholesterol does many important jobs in a cell.
Cholesterol does serve a useful purpose.
Cholesterol enhances the barrier properties , and prevents fatty acid chain crystallization .
Cholesterol even has a purpose.
Cholesterol exists either as a free molecule or as an esterified molecule in cells.
Cholesterol exists in different forms and amounts that have a big impact on heart attack risk.
Cholesterol facts The good, the bad and the ugly.
Cholesterol finds in food.
Cholesterol forms a basic part of all our cells.
Cholesterol gets all the attention.
Cholesterol has effects.
Cholesterol has functions.
Cholesterol has many important functions in the body.
Cholesterol has moderate effects.
Cholesterol has opposite effects.
Cholesterol has several uses, one is for the manufacture of vitamin D .
Cholesterol has too many ifs, ands and buts to be the cause of heart disease.
Cholesterol has two main functions in the body.
Cholesterol has widespread functions essential to life and a certain amount is needed in a diet.
Cholesterol helps form cell membranes and protect the nervous system and produces certain hormones.
Cholesterol helps form cell membranes, protect the nervous system and produce certain hormones.
Cholesterol is a blood fat or lipid.
Cholesterol is a complex fatty substance found in every living cell.
Cholesterol is a component of cell membranes in animals and can be modified to form sex hormones.
Cholesterol is a contributing factor.
Cholesterol is a crystalline substance that is classified as a steroid.
Cholesterol is a different form of fat found in animal tissues only.
Cholesterol is a factor in heart disease and other disorders when in dietary excess.
Cholesterol is a fat found in a variety of foods of animal origin.
Cholesterol is a fat found only in animal products.
Cholesterol is a fat like substance found in animal and dairy facts and egg yolks.
Cholesterol is a fat like substance found in animal and dairy fats and egg yolks.
Cholesterol is a fat like substance found only in animal products.
Cholesterol is a fat like, odorless, tasteless substance, produced by the body.
Cholesterol is a fat-like nutrient used by the body to help make hormones and build cell walls.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance called a lipid that is found in all body cells.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance found in all animal cells, human and otherwise.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance found in animal products such as meat and eggs.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance found in every living cell in the body.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance found only in animal products.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance found only in foods of animal origin.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance in the blood that contributes to atherosclerosis.
Cholesterol is a fatlike substance in the blood.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance present in body tissues and in the blood.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance that is found in everyone's body.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance that is needed to build cells and manufacture hormones.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance that's found in everyone's living tissue.
Cholesterol is a fat-like substance.
Cholesterol is a fat-like waxy substance.
Cholesterol is a fat-like, waxy substance found in foods of animal origin, such as meat.
Cholesterol is a fatty chemical that is a part of the outer lining of cells in the body.
Cholesterol is a fatty chemical which is part of the outer lining of cells in the body.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance found in animal tissues.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance found in body cells of humans and animals.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance found only in foods of animal origin.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance made by all animals and so is found in meat, eggs, milk and fish.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance produced by the liver that assists in the body's functioning.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance that forms deposits in the blood vessel.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance that is used by the body.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance that looks like smashed wax.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance that's found in everyone's living tissue.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance used in the formation of cells.
Cholesterol is a fatty substance, but it has no calories.
Cholesterol is a fatty, plaque-like substance that can be found in the blood stream.
Cholesterol is a fatty, wax-like substance found in all body cells.
Cholesterol is a form of lipid.
Cholesterol is a hydrophobic molecule and quite insoluble in water.
Cholesterol is a leading indicator of risk for heart disease.
Cholesterol is a lipid .
Cholesterol is a lipid molecule.
Cholesterol is a lipid.
Cholesterol is a lipoprotein -a fatty substance in the blood that is coated with protein.
Cholesterol is a main component of bile acids.
Cholesterol is a main part of the fatty build-up in arteries.
Cholesterol is a major component of bile and is the main constituent of gallstones.
Cholesterol is a major contributing factor in heart disease and heart attacks.
Cholesterol is a major contributor to risk of cardiovascular disease.
Cholesterol is a major risk factor for coronary heart disease.
Cholesterol is a major sterol important in human nutrition.
Cholesterol is a marker for cardiovascular risk, but has many forms in blood.
Cholesterol is a member of the lipid family.
Cholesterol is a molecule in cells .
Cholesterol is a molecule in cells.
Cholesterol is a natural waxy substance made by the body.
Cholesterol is a naturally occurring in the liver.
Cholesterol is a necessary component of biological membranes.
Cholesterol is a necessary component of the body in proper amounts.
Cholesterol is a normal component of cell membranes.
Cholesterol is a normal part of all body tissue, and is essential for life.
Cholesterol is a paradox.
Cholesterol is a part of every cell in the body.
Cholesterol is a pearly, fatlike substance.
Cholesterol is a precursor for many important molecules.
Cholesterol is a precursor of other steroids, including aldosterone and sex hormones.
Cholesterol is a primary component of animal fat and, by extension, dairy products.
Cholesterol is a rather complex subject.
Cholesterol is a rigid molecule that helps stabilize the membranes of animal cells.
Cholesterol is a risk factor for heart disease as is smoking, high blood pressure and diabetes.
Cholesterol is a risk factor for heart disease.
Cholesterol is a risk factor that can be controlled.
Cholesterol is a risk factor.
Cholesterol is a sneaky killer.
Cholesterol is a soft waxy substance .
Cholesterol is a soft waxy substance.
Cholesterol is a soft, fat-like substance found in the bloodstream.
Cholesterol is a soft, fat-like substance found in the body's cells.
Cholesterol is a soft, waxy substance that can cause clogged, or blocked, arteries.
Cholesterol is a soft, waxy-like substance found in each cell of the body.
Cholesterol is a soft, white, tasteless, waxy material found in all of our body's cells.
Cholesterol is a soft, white, waxy substance found in the bloodstream.
Cholesterol is a special type of lipid that is called a steroid .
Cholesterol is a special type of lipid that is called a steroid.
Cholesterol is a steroid
Cholesterol is a steroid.
Cholesterol is a sterol manufactured and needed by the human body.
Cholesterol is a substance found in animal products, such as meat, eggs, and dairy products.
Cholesterol is a substance found in cells, produced by the body and also found in food from animals.
Cholesterol is a substance found only in foods that come from animals.
Cholesterol is a substance naturally produced by the body.
Cholesterol is a substance that is made by the body and used for many important functions.
Cholesterol is a tasteless, odorless, white fatty alcohol found in the cells of humans and animals.
Cholesterol is a type of fat or lipid produced by the body.
Cholesterol is a type of fat or lipid.
Cholesterol is a type of fat that is essential for the body in small amounts.
Cholesterol is a type of fat that is known to contribute to heart disease.
Cholesterol is a type of fat, or lipid, manufactured by the body in the liver.
Cholesterol is a type of fat.
Cholesterol is a type of lipid, just as fats are.
Cholesterol is a vital part of the body, a soft, waxy substance found among the fats in every cell.
Cholesterol is a waxy fat and blood is primarily water.
Cholesterol is a waxy natural substance manufactured by the body's cells and membranes.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found in all animal tissues.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found in many parts of the body.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found in the bloodstream.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found in two places.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found mostly in the fatty foods that come from animals.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found only in foods that come from animals.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found throughout our bodies and produced in the liver.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance found throughout our bodies.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance known as a lipid that is found in all humans.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance made naturally in the body.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance present throughout the body and necessary for normal function.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance produced by our body.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance produced by the liver and found in foods of animal origin.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance that is used for many body processes.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance that occurs naturally in all parts of the body.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance used for many body processes.
Cholesterol is a waxy substance, similar in appearance to fat.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat like substance that is found in all tissues.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like compound that belongs to a class of molecules called steroids .
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance carried in the blood.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance found in all human and animal tissues.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance found in body cells of humans and animals.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance found in every cell of the body.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance made by the liver found in every cell in the body.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance made by the liver or found in certain foods.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance needed for important functions in the body.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance that is found in the cell wall of all animals.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance that travels through the bloodstream.
Cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance.
Cholesterol is a waxy, white substance that is classified as a fat, and is essential to life.
Cholesterol is a well-known and much discussed sterol, but with a major difference.
Cholesterol is a white, waxy, fat-like substance that is part of every cell in our body.
Cholesterol is actually a complex form of alcohol.
Cholesterol is actually a steroid.
Cholesterol is alcohol
Cholesterol is also a lipid that shares a similar structure with many hormones.
Cholesterol is also a precursor to adrenal gland hormones and sex hormones .
Cholesterol is also a steroid made in our body and forms part of the cell membrane .
Cholesterol is also an example of a naturally occurring steroid.
Cholesterol is also an important component of cell membranes.
Cholesterol is also necessary for the normal permeability and function of cell membranes.
Cholesterol is also packaged in high-density lipoproteins, or HDLs.
Cholesterol is also present in certain foods, such as egg yolk, liver, and shellfish.
Cholesterol is also the precursor from which the body synthesizes vitamin D .
Cholesterol is also the precursor of the bile acids.
Cholesterol is also the precursor of the steroid hormones in animals.
Cholesterol is also vitally important for several of the normal processes in the body.
Cholesterol is an element from which many of our hormones are made.
Cholesterol is an essential body chemical.
Cholesterol is an essential component in cell membranes.
Cholesterol is an essential component of all animal cells.
Cholesterol is an essential component of all cell membranes.
Cholesterol is an essential compound produced by the liver.
Cholesterol is an essential ingredient for maintaining the integrity of all mammalian cells.
Cholesterol is an essential nutrient.
Cholesterol is an essential part of body cells.
Cholesterol is an essential substance for our body system.
Cholesterol is an essential substance needed for life.
Cholesterol is an important and necessary chemical in the body.
Cholesterol is an important component in cell membranes, increasing the flexibility of the membrane.
Cholesterol is an important component of cell membranes.
Cholesterol is an important lipid involved in metabolism, cell function, and structure.
Cholesterol is an important member of the cholestane series of steroids.
Cholesterol is an important normal constituent of the body.
Cholesterol is an important steroid formed by animals.
Cholesterol is an important steroid found in all animal tissue.
Cholesterol is an important steroid that is a part of some hormones.
Cholesterol is an important steroid.
Cholesterol is an important sterol in animals.
Cholesterol is an important sterol that the body uses.
Cholesterol is an ingredient of bile, which is used in the digestion of certain foods.
Cholesterol is an innocent bystander molecule in the saga of coronary disease.
Cholesterol is an integral part of all cells.
Cholesterol is an integral part of all of our tissues.
Cholesterol is an odorless soft waxy substance.
Cholesterol is an odorless, fat-like substance that is a key part of cell membranes and hormones.
Cholesterol is an odourless, waxy, fat-like substance of animal origin.
Cholesterol is an oil that consist of complex series of rings.
Cholesterol is another area which often concerns consumers.
Cholesterol is another commonly noted problem among the overweight and people with poor diets.
Cholesterol is another commonly noted problem amoung the overweight and people with poor diets.
Cholesterol is another form of fat.
Cholesterol is another key factor in the development of heart disease.
Cholesterol is another lipid component of animal cell membranes.
Cholesterol is another type of fat found in egg yolks.
Cholesterol is associated with heart disease and peripheral vascular disease.
Cholesterol is carried by proteins in the body in the form of lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is carried by the blood and forms deposits on the arterial walls of the heart.
Cholesterol is carried in the blood by proteins.
Cholesterol is carried in the blood by substances called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is carried in the blood from place to place on special particles called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is carried in the body by lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is carried through our bloodstream in vehicles called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is chemical compounds.
Cholesterol is consider bad but it is the precursor to all sex hormones.
Cholesterol is contained only in animal food.
Cholesterol is created in the livers of animals, and is found only in foods that come from animals.
Cholesterol is crucial for the body, which uses it to make cell membranes.
Cholesterol is derived from the diet and from de novo synthesis in the liver.
Cholesterol is essential for animal life.
Cholesterol is essential for the brain and nervous system.
Cholesterol is essential for the production of steroid hormones, vitamin D and bile.
Cholesterol is essential to body functions.
Cholesterol is essential to good health because it's a component of cellular membranes.
Cholesterol is essential to health.
Cholesterol is essential to life, a primary component of the membrane that surrounds every cell.
Cholesterol is essential to life.
Cholesterol is excreted more rapidly by the liver and bladder with more exercise.
Cholesterol is explained in plain language, as is coronary disease and reversal.
Cholesterol is fat like material present in the blood and in most tissues of our body.
Cholesterol is fat like substance found in animal fats, oils and some tissues of the human body.
Cholesterol is formed from multi-ring structures.
Cholesterol is found especially in animal fats .
Cholesterol is found especially in animal fats.
Cholesterol is found in a wide range of foods, from eggs and red meat to shellfish.
Cholesterol is found in all meats and dairy products.
Cholesterol is found in animal products and has nothing to do with the fat content of food.
Cholesterol is found in animal products.
Cholesterol is found in animal sources and is also produced by the liver.
Cholesterol is found in blood, muscle, liver, brain and other tissues.
Cholesterol is found in cell membranes of animal foods.
Cholesterol is found in cell membranes, as well.
Cholesterol is found in certain foods and is also produced by the body.
Cholesterol is found in dairy products, eggs, and meats.
Cholesterol is found in eggs, dairy products, meat, poultry, fish, and shellfish .
Cholesterol is found in every cell in the body and is an essential component of cell membranes.
Cholesterol is found in foods rich in animal fat.
Cholesterol is found in foods such as beef, pork, poultry, dairy products, and egg yolks.
Cholesterol is found in liver, egg yolks, shrimp, lobster and caviar.
Cholesterol is found in meat, chicken, fish, diary products and eggs.
Cholesterol is found in meat, poultry, seafood and dairy products.
Cholesterol is found in phospholipid bilayers .
Cholesterol is found in red meat, seafood, poultry, and dairy products.
Cholesterol is found in the muscle of animal products.
Cholesterol is found mainly in foods that come from animals.
Cholesterol is found naturally in the brain, nerves, liver, blood, and bile.
Cholesterol is found only in animal products, like meat, egg yolks, cheese and some shellfish.
Cholesterol is found ONLY in animal products, like meats, eggs, milk and cheeses.
Cholesterol is found only in animal products, like real butter and the fat on meats.
Cholesterol is found only in animal products, such as meat, eggs, and butter.
Cholesterol is found only in animal products, such as meats, poultry, dairy products, and egg yolks.
Cholesterol is found only in animal products.
Cholesterol is found only in animal tissue.
Cholesterol is found only in animal tissues.
Cholesterol is found only in foods from animals such as beef, dairy, poultry and seafood.
Cholesterol is found only in foods of animal origin, such as meats, cheeses and eggs.
Cholesterol is found only in foods of animal origin.
Cholesterol is found only in foods that come from animals.
Cholesterol is found only in living, moving creatures.
Cholesterol is found solely in animal sources such as meat, eggs, and dairy products.
Cholesterol is found with the fat in milk and in the tissue of meat.
Cholesterol is great for a growing brain.
Cholesterol is huge out there.
Cholesterol is important in normal development of children younger than two years old.
Cholesterol is important in producing vitamin D, essential to the metabolism and cell formation.
Cholesterol is in fatty, greasy foods like whole milk, butter, eggs and meat.
Cholesterol is included in lipid profiles.
Cholesterol is increased by smoking and also from the use of animal fat.
Cholesterol is insoluble and is transported by special blood proteins, called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is insoluble in water, and precipitation from bile at first appears unavoidable.
Cholesterol is insoluble in water.
Cholesterol is just one type of blood fat.
Cholesterol is largely hydrophobic, but has one polar group, a hydroxyl , making it amphipathic .
Cholesterol is lipids.
Cholesterol is lowered by fenugreek gum, guar gum or locust-bean gum in rats.
Cholesterol is made by healthy livers of all animals.
Cholesterol is made by the body and is also present in food.
Cholesterol is made by the body.
Cholesterol is made by the liver and is found in every cell in the body.
Cholesterol is made from fats in the diet.
Cholesterol is made in excess amounts by the liver if insulin levels are too high.
Cholesterol is made in the body, mostly in the liver, and has many important functions in the body.
Cholesterol is made in the liver and obtained from animal products in the diet.
Cholesterol is made in the liver of all animals and is used for hormone production.
Cholesterol is made in the liver of animals and is found only in animal foods.
Cholesterol is made in the liver.
Cholesterol is made only by animals.
Cholesterol is made up of a number of components.
Cholesterol is manufactured by the liver and is found in every cell in the body.
Cholesterol is measured through blood analysis.
Cholesterol is natural and essential and is found in all animals, including humans.
Cholesterol is necessary for life and is part of every cell.
Cholesterol is necessary for our survival.
Cholesterol is necessary for the body to make Vitamin D and certain hormones.
Cholesterol is necessary for the making of vitamin D on the surface of the skin.
Cholesterol is necessary to make hormones, vitamin D and bile.
Cholesterol is needed by the body in some quantity.
Cholesterol is needed for normal body function, but too much can lead to cardiovascular disease.
Cholesterol is needed to make hormones.
Cholesterol is notorious yet important.
Cholesterol is one member of a large family of chemical compounds known as lipids.
Cholesterol is one of a number of lipids found in human blood and certain tissues.
Cholesterol is one of the body's ways of transporting fat.
Cholesterol is one of the building blocks that the body uses to make certain hormones.
Cholesterol is one of the fats called lipids that are found in the bloodstream.
Cholesterol is one of the lipids.
Cholesterol is one type of sterols.
Cholesterol is only one risk factor for heart disease or stroke.
Cholesterol is only present in foods from animals.
Cholesterol is our foe.
Cholesterol is part of every cell in the body and has many important functions.
Cholesterol is part of the structure of all lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is present in all animal products.
Cholesterol is present in foods of animal origin.
Cholesterol is present inside every human body.
Cholesterol is present only in animal products.
Cholesterol is produced by the liver and is an essential component of every cell.
Cholesterol is produced by the liver and is essential for life.
Cholesterol is produced by the liver.
Cholesterol is produced in animals that metabolize foods using oxygen.
Cholesterol is pure and safe for arteries.
Cholesterol is removed from peripheral tissues or blood circulation by transport using a. glycogen.
Cholesterol is required for the formation of bile acids which are needed for fat digestion.
Cholesterol is required for the formation of bile acids, which are needed for fat digestion.
Cholesterol is required on the label.
Cholesterol is required to produce stable cell membranes.
Cholesterol is soluble in fats, that is, it dissolves in fat.
Cholesterol is sometimes present in the plasma membranes of animal cells.
Cholesterol is sterols.
Cholesterol is synthesized in livers.
Cholesterol is synthesized in the body by a chemical process that requires several enzymes to help.
Cholesterol is synthesized in the liver and is found in almost all body tissues.
Cholesterol is taken out of the blood to form more bile acids.
Cholesterol is tested with a blood sample and measured in milligrams per deciliter.
Cholesterol is the building block for all hormones, and it's present in all body tissues.
Cholesterol is the building block for sex steroid hormones.
Cholesterol is the fat that is found in atherosclerotic plaque.
Cholesterol is the firs step in a complex process.
Cholesterol is the main cause for such a widespread illness as atherosclerosis.
Cholesterol is the main dietary requirement determining serum cholesterol level.
Cholesterol is the main fatty particle that adheres to the interior lining of the blood vessels.
Cholesterol is the major carrier hormone of testosterone and estrogen.
Cholesterol is the major component of the plaque found in arteries.
Cholesterol is the normal way fat is carried in the bloodstream.
Cholesterol is the one most people hear about.
Cholesterol is the one nutrient looked with a great suspicion by common man.
Cholesterol is the primary animal fat sterol and is only found in vegetable oils in trace amounts.
Cholesterol is the principal sterol of animal products.
Cholesterol is the raw material for synthesis of all steroid hormones.
Cholesterol is the starting material for the synthesis of many important compounds in the body.
Cholesterol is the starting material from which the androgenic hormone Testosterone is made.
Cholesterol is totally essential for life.
Cholesterol is transported around the body by carrier molecules called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is transported in the blood as a lipoprotein .
Cholesterol is transported in the blood by carrier particles.
Cholesterol is transported in the blood by lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is transported in the blood by molecules known as lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is transported in the blood plasma by lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is transported in the plasma bound to proteins called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol is transported in to various proteins.
Cholesterol is transported in two forms - free cholesterol and esterified cholesterol .
Cholesterol is used by cells to build membranes, used in sex hormones, and for digestion.
Cholesterol is used for cellular functions and the production of hormones.
Cholesterol is used in a multitude of pharmaceutical and cosmetic preparations.
Cholesterol is used in the insulating membranes that cover our nerve systems.
Cholesterol is used to make bile and upon digestion of food bile is released.
Cholesterol is used to make essential body substances, such as cell walls and hormones.
Cholesterol is used to synthesize cell membranes, sex hormones, and some vitamins.
Cholesterol is usually in the walls of cells .
Cholesterol is usually in the walls of cells.
Cholesterol is very important in the development of a baby.
Cholesterol is vital to all our cells.
Cholesterol is vital to life and is found in all cell membranes.
Cholesterol is waxy and odorless.
Cholesterol isa liquid.
Cholesterol keeps membranes from solidifying in cold temperatures.
Cholesterol leads to heart disease and premature death.
Cholesterol lowering drugs can help some patients.
Cholesterol lowering in older adults can enhance both the quality and length of life.
Cholesterol lowering itself is safe, as is the diet used to lower cholesterol.
Cholesterol lowering therapies are available which act via several different mechanisms.
Cholesterol lowering using statins is effective at reducing CHD mortality and morbidity.
Cholesterol makes up an important part of cell membrane.
Cholesterol modulates alpha-secretase cleavage of amyloid precursor protein.
Cholesterol moves through the bloodstream to the cells in special packages called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol naturally occurs in foods made from animals such as meat, eggs and cheese.
Cholesterol naturally rises with age.
Cholesterol occurs naturally in the bodies of all mammals.
Cholesterol occurs naturally in the body, but is taken in the diet in foods rich in animal fats.
Cholesterol only comes from animal foods.
Cholesterol only comes from foods of animal origin.
Cholesterol only occurs in animal products.
Cholesterol performs several functions in the body, but in excess amounts can be harmful.
Cholesterol piles up at blood vessels that has bad blood circulation.
Cholesterol plays a key role in the embryonic stage of organ development.
Cholesterol plays an important role in membrane formation.
Cholesterol plays several vital roles in the body.
Cholesterol predominates in derived bilaterians, whereas ergosterol is what generally defines fungi.
Cholesterol probably kills more people than cocaine.
Cholesterol receives a huge amount of coverage, but some of the messages can seem very confusing.
Cholesterol relates to coronary heart disease risk.
Cholesterol remains very important.
Cholesterol screening The latest technology is used to analyze the small blood sample.
Cholesterol serves several important functions in the body, and is also made by the body.
Cholesterol travels in the blood in packages called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol travels in the blood stream in many different forms.
Cholesterol travels through the blood in protein packages called lipoproteins.
Cholesterol travels through the bloodstream to the body's cells.
Cholesterol travels through the body in the blood stream packaged with protein.
Cholesterol travels to the body's cells through the bloodstream.
Most cholesterol contains cholesterol.
Most cholesterol finds in food.
Most cholesterol has effects.
Most cholesterol has functions.
Most cholesterol has moderate effects.
Most cholesterol has opposite effects.
Most cholesterol is made in the liver, at night while a person is sleeping.
Most cholesterol is synthesized in livers.
Most cholesterol is transported in the bloodstream as part of low-density lipoproteins.
Some cholesterol accumulates in veins.
Some cholesterol affects baboons.
Some cholesterol also comes from foods high in cholesterol, such as eggs.
Some cholesterol blocks cholesterol absorption.
Some cholesterol causes diseases.
Some cholesterol causes heart diseases.
Some cholesterol finds in egg yolks.
Some cholesterol finds in milk.
Some cholesterol finds in powder milk.
Some cholesterol finds in yolks.
Some cholesterol helps prevent diseases.
Some cholesterol helps prevent heart diseases.
Some cholesterol is excreted by livers.
Some cholesterol is necessary to maintain cell membranes and other aspects of health.
Some cholesterol is needed for cells to function.
Some cholesterol leads to blockage.
Some cholesterol lowering drugs can provoke or worsen psoriasis.
Some cholesterol reduces benefits.
Cholic acid is bile acid
Cholic acids are a part of bile acids that are released into the intestines.
Choline chloride is a high potency, synthetic source of choline.
Choline chloride is a vitamin of the B-complex group.
Choline chloride is an essential component in feed for chickens, pigs and cattle.
Choline chloride is an ingredient necessary for the proper growth and development of animals.
Choline acts like a fat and cholesterol dissolver.
Choline assists detoxification reactions in the liver.
Choline combines with fatty acids and phosphoric acid within the liver to form lecithin.
Choline combines with inositol, in the body to form lecithin.
Choline helps eliminate toxins from the body by supporting liver function.
Choline helps generate methyl groups.
Choline is a B vitamin
Choline is bases.
Choline is chemical compounds.
Choline is vitamins.
Choline minimizes fat in the liver and aids in hormone production.
Cholinergic innervation is an important factor in the regulation of airway smooth muscle tone.
Cholinesterase inhibitors are the current mainstay of AD treatment.
Cholinesterase inhibitors increase gastric acid secretion due to increased cholinergic activity.
Cholinesterase affects dynamic transduction properties from vagal stimulation to heart rate.
Cholinesterase attaches itself to choline and breaks it down, thus halting the impulse.
Cholinesterase breaks down and inactivates acetylcholine.
Cholinesterase is a chemical produced by the body which controls nerve impulse transmission.
Cholinesterase is an enzyme
Cholinesterase is enzymes.
Cholinesterase is proteins.
Cholinesterases are enzymes which break down acetylcholine, which is a neurotransmitter.
Cholinesterases are the target enzymes for the actions of malathion in the body.
A cholla is a cactus
Cholla are a cactus which consists of thorny segments with barb hooked spines.
Cholla cling to what they can get their needles into, and hiking trails drop through sandy washes.
Cholla is a Spanish word meaning jointed, or joints.
Cholla is the worst plant to encounter.
Chollas are both difficult to collect and to mount, and are generally undercollected.
Chollas are cactuses.
Chollas are typeface.
Chomp sky sounds like something allied with foaming at the mouth.
Chomp isa consumption.
Chomp isa ingestion.
Chomp isa intake.
Chomp isa uptake.
Chondral abrasion is followed by vertical fissuring and cartilage loss.
A chondrite is a stone
Chondrites are almost as old as the Earth.
Chondrites are meteorites.
Chondrites are rocks.
Chondrites are the most common type.
Chondrites are the most primitive meteorites known.
Chondrites are the oldest known rocks in the solar system.
Chondrites are, by far, the most abundant type of stony meteorite.
Chondrites contain several forms of carbon, including diamonds older than our sun.
Chondrites generally show much cooler histories than other meteorites.
Chondrites have a composition that closely resembles that of the photosphere of the sun.
All chondrites contain chondrules.
Most chondrites contain a variety of different types of chondrules.
Some chondrites appear to be from noncollisional origins, e.g., a small archaic accretion.
Some chondrites are poor in volatiles, while others are rich in volatiles, such as water and carbon.
Chondritic composition is a model for the bulk earth.
Chondrodysplastic dogs are also more susceptible to joint problems, and later in life, arthritis.
A chondroma is a tumor
Chondromas are benign tumors.
Chondromas are more likely to occur at a younger age although adults are more commonly affected.
Chondromas occur with some frequency on the tip of the tail as a hard round lump.
Some chondromas cause pain.
A chondrosarcoma is sarcoma
Chondrosarcomas are almost always symptomatic.
Chondrosarcomas are sarcoma.
Chondrosarcomas are tumors composed of cancerous cartilage cells.
Chondrosarcomas can occur over a wide age range, and there is a slight male predominance.
Chondrosarcomas occur over a wide age range.
Most chondrosarcomas are slow growing, indolent tumors.
A chondrule is a granule
Chondrules are abundant throughout.
Chondrules are characteristic of the major class of stone meteorites known as chondrites.
Chondrules are granules.
Chondrules are highly diverse in composition.
Chondrules are light gray-tan in color.
Chondrules are millimeter-sized rounded igneous rocks within chondritic meteorites.
Chondrules are part of chondrites.
Chondrules are particles formed by no earthly process.
Chondrules are spherical glassy objects and are the main components of ordinary chondrites.
Chondrules contain moderate to small abundances of olivine.
Chondrules have unusual textures compared to most other chondrites.
Chondrules lack circular gas bubbles.
Chongo boards build skill and balance.
Chongqing is part of Asia.
Chongqing isa thing.
A chooser is a person
Chooser is located under the menu in the upper left hand corner of the screen.
Chooser recognises the driver, but there it loses the script.
Choosy mothers choose it.
Choosy shoppers can, for instance, pick the motherboard model and brand of cooling fan.
A chop shop is a workshop
Chop shops are only interested in the profit of selling untraceable vehicles and their parts.
Chop shops are workshops.
Chop shops can strip a stolen car in less than thirty minutes.
Chop shops steal and dismember choice autos for great profit.
A chop is a physical phenomenon
Chop ancho finely and reserve.
Chop apples in food processor.
Chop cabbage finely and mash with potatoes until smooth.
Chop cauliflower into bite size pieces.
Chop chilies finely.
Chop chocolate finely and place in a medium bowl.
Chop chocolate finely.
Chop clams coarsely, reserve broth.
Chop clams coarsely.
Chop dates into small pieces and spread at the bottom of buttered oven proof dish.
Chop leaves and measure two cups packed.
Chop leaves coarsely.
Chop leaves discarding the stem and thick vein.
Chop leaves fine.
Chop leaves finely or make pure.
Chop leaves of half the bunch of cilantro.
Chop leaves with a mower and leave on the lawn.
Chop leaves with a mower, and allow to remain on the lawn.
Chop leaves with a mower, and use mulch to protect garden and ornamental beds.
Chop leaves with knife or kitchen shears.
Chop mint very finely and add.
Chop olives coarsely.
Chop olives into small bits.
Chop oranges into bite size pieces, remove seeds and reserve as much juice as possible.
Chop peaches in small pieces, reserve juice.
Chop peaches in small pieces.
Chop pears finely and set aside.
Chop pecans using food chopper, sprinkle over sugar mixture.
Chop pimentos in blender.
Chop prunes very fine and add honey to taste.
Chop shrimp and return to bowl.
Chop shrimp finely and mix all ingredients in a bowl.
Chop shrimp finely and place in a bowl.
Chop shrimp finely.
Chop shrimp in a food processor.
Chop spinach finely and steam or microwave until tender, then add to the mashed potato.
Chop sprigs as needed and return the unused portion to the freezer.
Chop stems and leaves separately.
Chop stems and plum tomato into small pieces and place in a medium size bowl.
Chop stems and saute in butter with garlic and onion powder.
Chop stems and set aside.
Chop strawberries into small pieces.
Chop tomatoes in different shapes.
Chop tomatoes into big chunks and puree in blender.
Chop tomatoes into eight pieces each.
Chop tomatoes into small pieces.
Chop tomatoes too, slit green chillies, destalk curry leaves.
Chop vegetables into very fine pieces, using a sharp knife or a mini-food processor.
Chop vegetables into very small pieces and sprinkle over creamy mixture.
Chop walnuts into small pieces.
Chop yams into large pieces and place on the bottom of a baking dish.
Chops are artifacts.
Chops are big, thick pads of hair that grace the faces of many a cool man.
Chops are cuts.
Chops are jaws.
Chops are just a sampling of our varied menu.
Chops are physical phenomenons.
Chops are returns.
Chops do particularly well with flavorful herb rubs.
Chops make it easy and visual.
Chops still seems a happy bun and is great company day and night.
Chopped alfalfa is harvested by chopping it and throwing it into a big covered wagon.
Some chopped almonds are a nice crunch.
Chopped apricots add a bit of sweetness to what is sure to become a holiday favorite.
Chopped asparagus make a flavorful and colorful addition to omelets.
Chopped branches cover the road.
Chopped celery is an excellent addition to soup or salad.
Chopped cilantro can quickly perk up second-rate salsa.
Chopped earthworms are another favorite, as well as wax worms and spiders.
Chopped ham is a first choice, but have also used shrimp.
Chopped iceberg can also add texture to homemade vegetable soups.
Chopped leaves have a cucumber taste.
Chopped leaves have a rare affinity for sour cream and cucumbers.
Chopped lines are under construction.
Chopped liver has to be made with chicken fat.
Chopped liver takes the shape of a small hill.
Chopped meat is mixed with seasonings, put into a casing and then smoked.
Chopped mint is also great on meat, fish, and vegetables and in salads and sauces.
Chopped nuts are a popular extra.
Chopped nuts take up a lot less volume than whole ones.
Chopped onions are put in many stews and curries .
Chopped onions are put in many stews and curries.
Chopped oregano enhances cheese and egg dishes, as well as tomato sauce and pizza.
Chopped peppers freeze well without blanching.
Chopped raisins are what give the lasagne's meat sauce a subtle sweetness.
Chopped scallions round out the picture.
Chopped straw is great for helping aeration of the worm bin.
Chopped Walnuts Make sure the jar is full to the top.
Chopper pumps are able to handle a higher solids content than conventional non-clog pumps.
Chopper pumps are able to handle materials in sumps that no other pump can handle.
Chopper pumps eliminate plugging problems by chopping all incoming solids prior to pumping.
A chopper is grounder
Chopper eventually lands in prison again and writes a best-selling book, becoming a cult hero.
Chopper gives episodes in Read's story in and out of jail.
Chopper is a technically well made film.
Chopper is an incredible film.
Chopper is another small frameset, quite grungy and modern.
Chopper is graphic, profane, fascinating and funny in the sickest possible sense.
Chopper is grim in a weird, almost spooky way.
Chopper is imaginative, vivid, earthy, exciting, droll, amusing, intelligent and original.
Chopper is in the witness box.
Chopper is released.
Chopper is the kind of guy to whom there are no right answers.
Chopper is too much from the past.
Chopper is tough, provocative and challenging.
Chopper is, to put it mildly, the quintessential loose cannon.
Chopper isa aircraft.
Chopper makes an involuntary crash landing.
Chopper says grimly.
Chopper simply looks at the fellow with amazement and then disappointment.
Choppers are also a heck of a lot more maneuverable than planes, duh.
Choppers are Cool too.
Choppers are inbound, gotta hurry.
Choppers are motorcycles.
Choppers are the only way.
Choppers are tooths.
Choppers buzz overhead and tear gas clouds linger.
Choppers fly in . . .
Choppers have (part) aircraft engines.
Choppers have (part) bases.
Choppers have (part) ceilings.
Choppers have (part) floors.
Choppers have (part) fuel gauges.
Choppers have (part) fuel indicators.
Choppers have (part) fuel lines.
Choppers have (part) fuel systems.
Choppers have (part) gas gages.
Choppers have (part) gas gauges.
Choppers have (part) gas lines.
Choppers have (part) gas tanks.
Choppers have (part) gasoline gages.
Choppers have (part) gasoline gauges.
Choppers have (part) gasoline tanks.
Choppers have (part) petrol gages.
Choppers have (part) petrol gauges.
Choppers have (part) petrol lines.
Choppers have (part) petrol tanks.
Choppers have (part) power trains.
Choppers have (part) room light.
Choppers have (part) sections.
Choppers have (part) walls.
Choppers have two or three blades.
Choppers travel from all over the world to compete.
All choppers have much improved range - between five to ten minutes, depending on the chopper.
Some choppers have edge blades.
Choppings are cuttings.
Choppy tables are the hardest to try to figure out.
Choppy waters run shallow, it seems.
A chopstick is tableware
Chopsticks also work well for eating spaghetti.
Chopsticks are an easy way to avoid the shovel techniques of eating.
Chopsticks are just an example.
Chopsticks are made of bamboo.
Chopsticks are of ivory, bone, bamboo, plastics, etc.
Chopsticks are tableware.
Chopsticks are the main table utensil in China.
Chopsticks are the main table utensils in China.
Chopsticks are the orient's version of a fork.
Chopsticks are two long, thin, usually tapered, pieces of wood.
Chopsticks are used for eats.
Chopsticks are used in cooking to stir materials in a pan, or to help move meals.
Chopsticks are used in many countries.
Chopsticks are utensils.
Chopsticks are wonderful tools to use for bead making as well.
Chopsticks can be a lot of fun.
Chopsticks fan out like a flower arrangement from a vase.
Chopsticks grow like shoots From their take-out containers.
Chopsticks make good teepee poles.
Chopsticks work fine.
All chopsticks are equal.
Every chopstick has two sides.
Choral composition based on a comical song is typical of the madrigal.
Most choral compositions derive their structure from that of their texts.
Choral conducting is the choreography of sound.
Choral directors are welcome to attend any part of the weekend at no cost .
Choral directors conduct choirs and glee clubs.
Choral directors conduct choirs and singing groups.
Choral directors lead choirs and glee clubs, sometimes working with a band or orchestra conductor.
Choral directors strive to teach each student to become a knowledgeable consumer of vocal music.
Choral directors take note.
All choral ensembles are open to all students.
All choral ensembles meet both semesters of each academic year and carry one academic credit.
Many choral experts theorize that a capella singers use just intonation.
All choral groups are open to the entire campus community through audition.
Choral music enjoys a particularly high reputation.
Choral music is a marriage of words and music.
Choral music is a place where students can find their own voice.
Choral music is emphasized.
Choral music is offered throughout the elementary.
Choral music is provided by a twelve-voice a cappella ensemble.
Choral music is therefore the focus of all curricula.
Choral music is timeless.
Choral music seems to have vanished from the surface.
Choral organizations organize choral activities, eg.
Choral parts portray much text painting, especially in the third and fourth verses.
Choral performance is essentially communal.
Choral scholarships are available for students in any choir.
Choral scholarships are available to outstanding singers.
Choral scholarships range up to full tuition.
Choral singing adds enrichment to lives and is a vital piece of a liberal arts education.
Choral singing continues to be a primary focus of the curriculum.
Choral singing has a vital role in our church services.
Choral singing is entrenched in our culture.
Choral singing is particularly popular in Lithuania.
Choral singing is such a place.
Choral singing is taken very seriously at school.
Choral sound is always focused.
All choral titles SATB unless otherwise noted.
Choral work is also strong with a range of choirs.
Much choral work remains to be re-discovered.
A choral is a hymn
Choral Works a cappella.
Chorale members come from backgrounds as diverse as the music they sing.
Chorale parents can print out a ticket order form from the web site and send it in.
A chorale prelude is a prelude
Chorale preludes are organ works based on Protestant chorales.
Chord charts appear on half the screen.
Chord charts are available for all our music.
All chord factors are a minor third apart.
All chord progressions revolve around a 'home base' called the tonic chord.
Some chord progressions lead down blind alleys, but others lead to nirvana.
A chord is a note
Chord changes and rhythms are complex.
Chords are a bit muddy.
Chords are a useful way to think about improvisation.
Chords are always translucent and well balanced.
Chords are articulate, and single notes bloom and decay smoothly.
Chords are bright, solos are clear, tuning is impeccable, and percussion is tasteful.
Chords are equidistant from the centre of a circle if and only if they are equal in length.
Chords are more that one note played at a time.
Chords are multiple notes played in harmony to make a certain tone.
Chords are no big deal.
Chords are nonlinear pc sets.
Chords are notes.
Chords are sets of notes that share both start time and layer.
Chords are straight lines.
Chords are the individual units of harmony.
Chords are the same in every verse.
Chords are the setters of rules within a piece of music.
Chords are usually in just intonation.
Chords are with respect to where the capo is.
Chords can also be in arpeggio form.
Chords can be major, minor, diminished or augmented and colored with a sixth or seventh etc.
Chords create harmony.
Chords dictate almost everything in music.
Chords exist in a scale-tonal infrastructure.
Chords have meaning as they lead to other chords.
Chords is an electronic mailing list that is free to join for everyone.
Chords just lays a foundation for a melody to improvise upon.
Chords Now is the time to start playing.
Chords rule along with melody all the way.
Chords set the rules.
Chords share many of the same characteristics of intervals.
Chords shimmer with harmonic overtones, single notes sing with long sustain and a bell like treble.
Chords sound fatter and rounder and sustain longer.
Chords sound heavier, more guitar-like, and a little less percussive.
Chords sound like music to our ears, because music is based on chords.
Chords sound odd compared to unvalved chords.
Chords sound with a nice resonant effect.
Chords stream in a sudden madness unknown to any man.
Chords Understanding the nature and structure of chords is very important.
Chords always sound weird.
All chord shapes given at the end.
All chords are barre chords.
All chords are in root position.
All chords are major.
All chords below are major unless shown as minor.
Every chord is built on a pitch called the root.
Every chord is shown in root position in standard notation.
Most chords have perfect fifths.
Some chords are in compression, pushing on the material where their ends are attached.
Some chords are in tension, pulling on the material where their ends are attached.
Some chords create tension, waiting for another chord to come along and relax the tension.
Some chords feel stable and strong while others feel like they're leaning or going somewhere.
Chordal harmonies follow the chord progression from a keyboard.
Chordal repetitions become the muscles.
Chordate characteristics are prominent and persist in the adult.
Chordate endoskeletons are bones.
Chordate evolution is illustrated by a comparative investigation.
A chordate is an animal
Chordates also have bilateral symmetry.
Chordates are animals.
Chordates are characterized by a notochord.
Chordates are characterized by having a nerve cord running along the length of the back.
Chordates are eucoelomate deuterostomes, and probably share a common ancestor with echinoderms.
Chordates are less numerous than crustaceans.
Chordates are organisms with a stiffening rod along one side.
Chordates are the phylum which contains the sub-phylum Vertebrata.
Chordates are usually long and narrow, with a stiffening rod of cartilage running along the back.
Chordates embody many sophisticated evolutionary adaptations.
Chordates exhibit bilateral symmetry and have an endoskeleton for support.
Chordates have a backbone.
Chordates have a coelom.
Chordates have an unsegmented body.
Chordates have four shared derived characters.
Chordates have other defining features.
Chordates retain structural plans characteristic of non-chordate invertebrates.
All chordates also have a ventral heart.
All chordates are vertebrates, they differ from tunicates and lancelets in two ways .
All chordates are vertebrates.
All chordates have a dorsal hollow nerve tube, a notochord, and pharyngeal gill slits.
All chordates have a hollow nerve cord, a notochord, and pharyngeal slits.
All chordates have a notochord and dorsally-situated nerve chord.
All chordates have a notochord that is present during some or all of their life cycle.
All chordates have jaws.
All chordates have notochords.
All chordates share four basic features.
Many chordates reproduce through asexual budding, although lancelets have distinct sexes.
Most chordates are vertebrates.
Most chordates display conditional specification, but some display autonomous specification.
Most chordates have a muscular tail extending posterior to the anus.
Most chordates have a tail extending beyond the anus.
Most chordates have a tail extending posterior to the anus.
Most chordates have an internal skeleton made of bone, cartilage, or both.
Some chordates also have an external shell.
Some chordates are invertebrates.
Some chordates have a week circulotary system.
A chordophone is a stringed instrument
Chordophones are instruments that make sound through the vibration of strings.
Chordophones are stringed instruments .
Chordophones are stringed instruments.
Chore is a duty
Chore isa duty.
Chores also teach children about fairness and commitment.
Chores are a good lesson in work ethics.
Chores are a large part of the regimen in most orders.
Chores are a perfect way to use math.
Chores are a thing of the past.
Chores are a tough thing.
Chores are a very important obligation of all members.
Chores are beneficial for children - even very young ones.
Chores are good.
Chores are necessary to teach teens how to prepare for adulthood.
Chores are often a bone of contention between older children and parents.
Chores are part of the family experience.
Chores are part of the responsibility of living in a community.
Chores are really another way of saying life lessons.
Chores are small cleaning tasks that won t take more than a few minutes to complete.
Chores are something that everyone needs to do.
Chores are the perfect training ground for home skills.
Chores are to be shared by everyone to keep the camp clean and safe.
Chores can also help children improve their physical coordination and learn responsibility.
Chores can be something that makes a youngster feel that they are an important member of the family.
Chores change every week as shown.
Chores have to be real clear as to what they are.
Chores help a child feel like a capable, responsible member of the family.
Chores help students develop a work ethic.
Chores loom large in the pantheon of Rascal dilemmas.
Chores range from meal preparations, lawn care, to paying medical bills.
Chores take energy.
Chores take less time.
Chores take on an interesting twist when there are toddlers and small children running around.
Chores teach children responsibility, no matter the age.
Chores teach family responsibility.
Chores teach kids to see jobs through to completion and to value their place in the family unit.
Many chores take place in the kitchen because it is the heart of the home.
Most chores are really pretty quick - cleaning the bathroom takes about ten minutes, for instance.
Some chore involves children.
Some chore involves machines.
Some chore requires concentration.
Some chores are more fun with more people.
Some chores are seasonal, such as canning and butchering.
Choreic movements disappear with sleep.
Choreic movements extend to the tongue.
A choreographer is a creator
Choreographers are artists.
Choreographers are authors.
Choreographers are creators.
Choreographers are leaders.
Choreographers are often their own dancers, and dancers are often their own choreographers.
Choreographers are responsible for their own costumes, selection of dancers and the set.
Choreographers create new dances.
Choreographers create original dances and develop new interpretations of existing dances.
Choreographers create original dances.
Choreographers explore and select movements that best represent their ideas.
Choreographers face the same problem.
Choreographers Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Choreographers typically are older dancers with years of experience in the theater.
Choreographers often create dances which comment on society and the times.
Many choreographers also perform the dance routines they create.
Many choreographers stick to one kind of style or movement vocabulary.
Some choreographers get their inspiration from dreams.
Some choreographers start with a piece of music and set the dance patterns to it.
Some choreographers use computers to develop dance routines for various productions.
Some choreographers work as dance teachers.
Some choreographers worry that the Web threatens to keep theaters half full.
Choreographic positions are open to six applicants only.
Choreographies are the properties of the individual choreographers.
Choreographies can range from simple to moderately difficult to extremely challenging.
Choreography is a dancing
Choreography is a show
Choreography is dances.
Choreography is notation.
All choreography contains detailed choreography notes and teaching progressions.
Some choreography is included.
A chorine is a dancer
Chorine is added to kill harmful bacteria and viruses.
Chorines abietis, and gall formation, ii.
Chorioallantoic placenta is designed to provide high quantities of nutrients for long periods.
Chorionic cavity is black.
Chorionic gonadotrophin is another hormone secreted by the placenta and placental membranes.
Chorionic gonadotropin has different effects in females and males.
Chorionic gonadotropin has different uses for females and males.
Chorionic plate is at the top of each section.
Chorionic villi are a part of the placenta but contain fetal tissue.
Chorionic villi are fetal derived cells with a full set of fetal chromosomes.
Chorionic villi are the part of the placenta that extend into the uterine lining.
Chorionic villi are tiny parts of the placenta.
Chorionic villi develop as invaginations of the cytotrophoblast.
Chorionic villus biopsy in first trimester pregnancy for prenatal genetic diagnosis.
Chorionic villus sampling and amniocentesis are the two most common methods of prenatal diagnosis.
A chorister is a singer
Choristers also receive a monthly stipend.
Choristers are never without their music to lean on.
Choristers are singers.
Choristers can also download pronunciation and practice sound links from the website.
Choristers come from many different cultural, ethnic and socioeconomic backgrounds.
Choristers come from over a dozen different towns in Somerset Hills area.
Choristers enjoy meeting and getting to know other children who share their interests.
Choristers participate at one of two levels.
Choristers receive a generous bursary covering two-thirds of the normal school fees.
Choristers rehearse daily, sing for church services and present special programs.
Choristers ruff Pleated ruff made in polyester cotton.
A choroid plexus is a structure
Choroid plexus is regionally specialized ependyma that secrets a transudate of serum.
Choroid plexuses are a network of vascular capillaries.
Choroidal hemangiomas are usually round or oval, slightlyelevated, with a subtle orange-red color.
Most choroidal hemangiomas are reddish to orange.
Choroidal melanoma is a primary cancer of the eye.
Choroidal melanoma is diagnosed during an examination of the eye by an ophthalmologist.
Choroidal melanoma is the most common primary intraocular malignancy in adults.
Choroidal melanoma is the most common type of primary intraocular tumor in adults.
Choroidal melanoma tends to metastasize to the liver.
Choroidal rupture can be secondary to indirect or direct trauma.
Most choroidal tumors grow slowly.
Choronic villi sampling for prenatal diagnosis has the advantage of providing an earlier diagnosis.
A choropleth map is a map
All choropleth maps use natural breaks for statistical characterization.
Choroplethic maps are special thematic maps which have many similarities with digital images.
A chorus frog is a tree-frog
Chorus frogs are the first frogs of spring.
Chorus frogs emerge from winter chambers to turn quiet ponds into opera houses.
A chorus is sound
Chorus click on the links above for more info.
Chorus dressing rooms have security lockers for each performer.
Chorus fosters the art of singing and the enjoyment of music.
Chorus frogs calling after heavy rains.
Chorus isa organization.
Chorus meets before school.
Chorus meets daily.
Chorus meets once a week for thirty five minutes.
Chorus meets twice a week, preparing for two annual concerts.
Chorus meets weekly.
Chorus settings quite good but lacks depth and warmth.
Chorus welcomes the participation of skilled editors and reviewers.
Choruses are companies.
Choruses are great and can be woven into a worship service providing a real blessing.
Choruses are lines.
Choruses are musical compositions.
Choruses are sound.
Choruses are very important.
Choruses have little enough time to rehearse.
Choruses invade shopping malls.
Choruses still play an important role in the music, but the key pages are for the solo voices.
Many choruses perform recently commissioned works.
Most choruses sing more in tune when they are singing major keys, rather than in minor ones.
Some choruses affect property values.
Some choruses affect values.
Some choruses have no bridge.
Chou isa vegetable.
A chough is a bird
Chough chicks at around ten days old.
Chough chicks at twenty days old.
Chough isa bird.
Choughs are definitely the most glamorous and captivating members of the crow family.
Choughs are frugivorous and insectivorous.
Choughs are the goofy clowns of the bird world.
Choughs do see dogs as a threat.
Choughs have (part) air sacs.
Choughs have (part) bird's feet.
Choughs have (part) brains.
Choughs have (part) breasts.
Choughs have (part) cell membranes.
Choughs have (part) cells.
Choughs have (part) chest cavities.
Choughs have (part) chests.
Choughs have (part) corpi.
Choughs have (part) cytoplasm.
Choughs have (part) ears.
Choughs have (part) faces.
Choughs have (part) flight feathers.
Choughs have (part) heads.
Choughs have (part) lips.
Choughs have (part) mouths.
Choughs have (part) nuclei.
Choughs have (part) plasma membranes.
Choughs have (part) quill feathers.
Choughs have (part) rib cages.
Choughs have (part) second joints.
Choughs have (part) sections.
Choughs have (part) skulls.
Choughs have (part) sterna.
Choughs have (part) talons.
Choughs have (part) vacuoles.
Choughs have (part) wishbones.
Choughs largely feed on soil invertebrates.
Choughs seem to manage it.
Some choughs have bills.
Some choughs have black plumages.
Some choughs have cultural significance.
Some choughs have feathers.
Some choughs have flight.
Some choughs have little significance.
Some choughs have long red bills.
Some choughs have plumages.
Some choughs have primary feathers.
Some choughs have significance.
Some choughs mate for life.
Chow chow is a dog
Chow chows are independent, remote, even introverted dogs.
Chow puppies are naturally well-behaved, more so than most breeds.
Chow time is just about anytime in Houston, and the choices are mind-boggling.
Chow wagons provide food and fun at various city sites.
Chow is a fare
Chow is breeds of dog.
Chow is dogs.
Chow is fares.
Chows are a commercial food formulated for other species.
Chows are clean freaks.
Chows are devoted to their family.
Chows are excellent hunters.
Chows are highly susceptible to hip dysplasia .
Chows are inherently clean and have very high opinions of themselves.
Chows are meticulous dogs.
Chows are prone to entropion, thyroid disease, hip dysplasia, and other genetic ailments.
Chows are prone to killing small animals such as rodents and cats.
Chows are strong willed and stubborn.
Chows are stubborn.
Chows are the greatest.
Chows are their own worst enemies when it comes to hot spots.
Chows are very perceptive and quickly pick up on people's emotions.
Chows can be difficult pets to train.
Chows can be especially challenging since they have what it called double undercoats.
Chows do excellently with children, cats, and other dogs.
Chows do shed some all year round and require at least weekly grooming all year.
Chows do, however, have a very different personality than other dogs.
Chows grow into a medium-sized, dignified,intelligent adult.
Chows have a tendency to be destroyed at most shelters if they growl or show any fear.
Chows have large and broad heads with small triangular or almond shaped eyes.
Chows have the most compact, cat-like foot in all dogdom.
Chows have thick, rough coats.
Chows have very dense coats with a thick neck ruff.
Chows make exceptional house pets.
Chows shed their coat.
Most Chows have ears that prick up and dark eyes.
A chowder is soup
Chowders are soup.
Chowders are thick soups usually containing some type of starch .
Chowders are thick soups usually containing some type of starch.
Many chowders are simply cream soups or soups that are left chunky rather than pured.
Most chowders are quite high in fat and calories.
CHRD staff offer consulting assistance to help units improve service and manage change.
Chrisian magazines abound.
A chrism is salve
Chrism does the same thing.
Chrism is a mixture of a mixture of oil and balsam perfume from fir trees.
Chrism is a mixture of olive oil and balsam used for anointing the crown of the head after baptism.
Chrism is olive oil that has been infused with spice or perfume, making the oil fragrant.
Chrisms are ointment.
Christ consciousness creates peace on Earth that also creates peace in the universe.
Christ response is crucial.
Christ resurrection is the central focal point of the gospel.
A christ is a helper
Christs cross down to earth.
Christs own church.
Christe receive thy saule.
Christen triplet has to offer, anyway.
A christening is baptism
Christening gown is a lovely ecru colored silk.
Christening is the ceremony of baptizing and naming a child.
Christian action is a form of prayer.
Christian active ca.
Christian activists say they only provide charity to the poor.
Some Christian activists believe their work is more urgent now than ever before.
Christian activities are all consistent with Biblical teachings and follow a set pattern or form.
Christian activities are fun-filled and enjoyable for all age groups.
Christian ads are free.
Christian allegory is likely to have a broader focus than midrash.
Christian anarchism is an oxymoron.
Many Christian anarchists are vegetarian or vegan.
Christian Answers Find Biblical answers to important contemporary questions.
Christian anthropology is the prime impediment.
Christian apologists assume that if there is a creator, it is their god.
Christian apologists spend a huge amount of time refuting every new teaching that springs up.
Christian art uses many symbols constructively.
Christian art varies in style and quality and message.
Christian artist has new song.
Christian artists fit that description.
Most Christian artists are just very honest, sometimes to their own detriment.
Most Christian artists fail to understand that power.
Christian attitudes are sufficient to repel the enemy.
Christian authenticity is about the unity of strong, loving, and spiritual character.
Christian bands can be in the world, but they have to draw a line.
Christian bands can keep up with fads well.
Christian bands get a bad rap just for sounding like another band, and thus most try to avoid it.
Christian bands play there.
Christian bands struggle like any other band.
Christian baptism can only occur after salvation.
Christian baptism carries a responsibility.
Christian baptism depends upon faith.
Christian baptism implies metanoia, rz.
Christian baptism includes the potential of the call to the sacramental priesthood.
Christian baptism is a command to be obeyed.
Christian baptism is a means of sharing the fire which transforms human lives.
Christian baptism is a sign and a seal.
Christian baptism is administered in three modes.
Christian baptism is considered a symbol and a sacrament.
Christian baptism is for the remission of past sins.
Christian baptism is hope in action.
Christian baptism is identification with the Christian message and the Christian group.
Christian baptism is part of that personal response, even as it is a convenantal pledge.
Christian baptism is symbolic.
Christian baptism is the foundation for our life together.
Christian baptism means a complete purification.
Christian baptism takes place through water and the Holy Spirit.
All Christian behavior springs from a heart that is daily transformed by the vision of the cross.
Christian belief affirms an even more startling departure from the cyclical turn of pagan time.
Christian belief is based on objective evidence.
Christian belief is like teaching.
Christian belief is the acceptance of the truth of the gospel.
Christian belief is the third element of Christian tradition.
Christian beliefs go against the use of mind manipulation methods.
Christian beliefs move the individual to live a life of humility.
All Christian beliefs depend upon the truth of that single statement.
Many Christian beliefs are grounded tradition rather than in scripture.
Christian believers occupy many positions of respect in government and professional circles.
Most Christian bodies have.
Christian boldness knows the truth and stands for it and on it without apology.
Christian bookshops are full of material written by people with little or no theological expertise.
Christian bookstores are fascinating.
Christian bookstores are full of advice for women, and have been for years.
Christian bookstores have wonderful selections.
Christian bookstores offer a wide variety of titles on Christian sexuality.
Any Christian bookstore has any number of titles.
Every Christian bookstore carries an assortment of Bibles in different translations.
Many Christian bookstores have bulletin boards for public notices.
Some Christian bookstores sell excellent visual aids, and they are usually cheap to buy .
Some Christian bookstores stock the tapes and CDs.
Most Christian bureaucrats tend to apologize and acquiesce to the pressure.
Christian burial is marked by three characteristics.
Christian burial is motivated by a far different view of life after death.
Christian businesses are at times approached for funding.
Christian calendars vary, however.
Christian camps provide camping experiences for boys and girls for a number of reasons.
Christian camps show a strong presence.
Christian camping demands the investment of time, energy, and physical resources.
Christian camping is about saving lives, too.
Christian camping is really one person helping another.
Christian camping is the biggest influence on a young person's faith outside their home life.
Christian campuses aren t the only ones with honor codes, however.
Christian cards make great gifts too.
Christian caregivers love, care for and play with the children each day.
Christian causes are usually unpopular in the world.
Christian character grows in the secret place of prayer.
Christian character is integrated throughout the curriculum.
Christian character is the only requirement for membership.
Christian character needs our attention.
Christian charity is supernatural love, because it requires supernatural grace to practice.
Christian charity is supernatural love.
Christian children are holy, they are different, and they are to be taught as different.
Christian children require covenant education.
Christian choir sings Latin and Italian works.
Christian Churches are completely independent, with each congregation being autonomous.
Christian churches are especially numerous in the south.
Christian churches are places of idolatry .
Christian Churches believe in voluntary cooperation and self-rule.
Christian Churches encourage the support of hospices .
Christian churches follow a calendar that differs from the regular calendar.
Christian churches make up the largest land-owning religious group in South Africa.
Christian churches operate openly and are tolerated by the authorities.
Christian churches place crosses on top of their steeples.
Christian Churches practice the form of baptism known as immersion.
Christian churchs are temples.
All Christian churches teach essentially the same basic truths about salvation.
Every Christian church is a school of piety and virtue for old and young.
Many Christian churches practice foot-washing.
Most Christian Churches ignore or are ignorant of the significance prophecy plays in the Bible.
Most Christian churches sing songs in their services.
Christian citizenship leaves no room for apathy.
Christian clowns are happy, joyful in the forgiveness of sins, and they share that joy.
Christian colleges are just for preachers, missionaries, and choir directors.
Christian colleges are no exception.
Christian colleges continue to report a decline over the years in ministerial majors.
Christian colleges draw home-schoolers.
Christian colleges have low academic standards, weak faculties, and inadequate facilities.
Christian colleges rethink sports mascots.
Christian colleges tend to pay professors less than the larger state schools.
All Christian colleges are the same.
Many Christian colleges offer credit for the program.
Most Christian colleges do provide an environment conducive to Christian virtues and values.
Christian columnist provides key insights into contemporary issues.
Christian commandments are commands of love.
Christian commitment is more important today than most people think.
Christian commitment is necessary for admission.
Christian Commitments View a schedule of monthly Christian commitments . . .
Christian communication is formed in the community.
Christian communication is nurtured in conversation.
Christian communications is different from church communications.
Christian communion is exerted and cherished by letter.
Christian communities are as old as the faith itself.
Christian communities are mainly in the urban centres.
Christian communities makes clear that women had very active leadership roles in some churches.
Christian community can never be a lifestyle or an institution.
Christian community is a gift the church can offer the world.
Christian community is a much stronger experience.
Christian community is a vision and a spirit as much as it is a method and practice.
Christian community is an incarnational community.
Christian community is both gift and task.
Christian community is practiced.
Christian community offers discussion groups and resources on Bible studies, family, and faith.
Christian community requires no less.
Christian community strives for civility and win-win resolutions when disagreements occur.
Christian company teaches streaming video and public access tv how-to.
Christian concern stays close to human life, human suffering, human hopes, and human salvation.
Christian conduct is to be set at a higher standard.
All Christian conduct is based on blessing and enablement previously received.
Christian confession is indeed the therapy of the soul.
Christian congregations are centers of mission.
Christian consciousness is a universal macher.
Christian conservatism is another griddle of shit entirely.
Christian conservatives recognize the legal fragility of our case in today's amoral environment.
Christian conservatives stop anti-bullying bill in Washington legislature .
Christian contextualism reflects a different ethos and orientation from Christian foundationalism .
Christian contextualism reflects a different ethos and orientation than Christian foundationalism .
Christian conversion is in one sense an unfolding into depth, height and breadth.
Christian conversion is unique.
Many Christian converts have trouble figuring out what to do first.
Christian counseling is a form of pastoral counseling, but pastoral counseling is broader in scope.
Christian counseling is an important ministry in the church and in the community.
Christian counseling is based upon Christian biblical precepts and is Bible-referenced.
Christian counseling is provided by our pastor on an appointment basis.
Christian counseling is to address the wall of resistance in love and with spiritual authority.
Christian counselling is available on request.
Christian counselling is most comfortable with an approach called indirect-directive .
Christian counselling refers ultimately to the personal belief and value system of the counsellor.
Christian counselors approach the matter of deciding what to believe very differently.
Christian counselors are even harder to shock.
Christian counselors have the other half.
Christian counselors meet with troubled, desperate people whose lives have fallen apart.
Christian counselors recognize their work as redemptive and restorative in character.
Christian countries make a great show of monogamy, but actually they practice polygamy.
Christian County is named after family.
Christian County is wet while Bourbon County is dry.
Christian couples have babies that are deformed.
Christian couples know that they are never alone.
Christian courtesy is vital kindness in a marriage's tense times.
Christian crafters can blend their favorite pastime with their faith.
Some Christian creeds take the form of question and answer, and they are called catechisms.
Christian culture is the foundation for the intellectual, social and political life of Europe.
Christian curriculum present all subjects from a Biblical world view.
Much Christian debate is dominated by false choices.
Christian deism is based on appreciation for all creation and on appreciation for every human life.
Christian democracy emphasises enormous decentralisation of governmental powers.
Christian denominations are few but growing.
Christian denominations are religious systems.
Christian denominations have an amazing agreement about the gospel.
All Christian denominations are welcome to join.
All Christian denominations share a core group of major Christian doctrines .
Many Christian denominations are now in the forefront fighting racism.
Many Christian denominations have their own societies.
Many Christian denominations teach that they alone are the true church .
Most Christian denominations use one or more of the above in considering church membership.
Christian discernment is advised.
Christian discipleship implies progress and growth.
Christian discipleship is a craft.
Christian discipleship is founded in self-renunciation.
Christian discipleship is often costly, a sharing in the way of the cross.
Christian discipleship is practical.
Christian discipline is an act of love just as certainly as parental discipline is an act of love.
Christian discipline is one of the ways through which love exemplifies itself.
Christian doctors can contribute to the health of children globally.
Christian doctrine demands that such a war be defensive, and never aggressive.
Christian doctrine denies salvation to the unbaptized.
Christian doctrine is arguably among the most politically revolutionary thought of all time.
Christian doctrine is what the Bible teaches.
Christian education attempts to build within the student the all-important Christian mind.
Christian education faces a welcomed opportunity.
Christian education has the true goal, the true standard, and the true motivation.
Christian education implies a unique perspective on the past, present, and future.
Christian education is a different experience than Christian worship.
Christian education is a financial commitment and a sacrifice for many families.
Christian education is a lifelong process of spiritual formation.
Christian education is a ministry, it is also a profession.
Christian education is a part of that freedom.
Christian education is a partnership between home and congregation.
Christian education is a vital expression of our service to the community.
Christian education is also employee-oriented.
Christian education is another area of strength.
Christian education is concerned with helping people become what their teachers are.
Christian education is far more than equipping young people for a job or a career.
Christian education is huge.
Christian education is important.
Christian education is like an orchestra.
Christian education is more crucial at the college level than at any other.
Christian education is more than just teaching the facts.
Christian education is more than the transmission of knowledge.
Christian education is of immeasurable value to individuals, the church and to society.
Christian education is one of the most important weapons in the Culture War.
Christian education is seen as an on-going process for both adults and our youth.
Christian education is the assimilation of Christian culture.
Christian education is the single most important factor contributing to righteous living.
Christian education is too precious a ministry to be overlooked by our men or our women.
Christian education is vital to the life of our parish.
Christian education Look no further.
Christian education occurs throughout the week.
Christian education prepares a student for a life of Christian commitment and service.
Christian education represents an acceptable choice for many parents today.
Christian education represents the values and standards of the Christian faith.
Christian education seeks to provide flexible variation.
Christian education starts in the home.
Christian education starts with acceptance of the individual, which is the key to self-esteem.
Christian education takes place in our homes, at school, in the workplace, in worship, and at play.
Christian education takes place thruoghout the weekin many settings.
Christian educators have a duty to themselves.
Christian employees are to willingly obey their bosses.
Christian energy lies dormant.
Christian environmentalists assert their faith requires support of a global warming agenda.
Some Christian environmentalists see the limitations of liberalism, but others go with the crowd.
Christian equivalent is baptism.
Christian eschatology has a history of disappointments, wrong calculations, and false prophecies.
Christian ethics are realizable only in eternity.
Christian ethics enlarges upon the Scriptural foundation.
Christian ethics is a very confusing, frustrating, and debilitating thing to understand.
Christian ethics is based upon love.
Christian ethics is essentially a social as well as a personal pursuit.
Christian ethics state that sexual looseness harms the soul as much as murder.
Christian ethics teach self-sacrifice and love.
Many Christian ethicists operate from a specific assumption about the nature of humanity.
Christian evangelism is banned by Israeli law.
Christian evangelism offends many, yet, it is perfectly legal.
Some christian evangelists roam the streets, however and some school are religious.
Christian Events Click above for regional events listing.
Christian Events Click for regional events listing.
Christian existence is gospel existence.
Christian experience is experience of faith.
Christian expression is stifled and mocked.
Christian faith believes that the Bible is full of miracles.
Christian faith brings even more privileges and responsibilities to cherish such a great salvation.
Christian faith can wear all national costumes.
Christian faith confronts death.
Christian faith demands that the church become a beacon of hope.
Christian faith has a social dimension.
Christian faith has impact.
Christian faith has no challenge that is intellectually invincible.
Christian faith has nothing to do with the removal of suffering.
Christian faith has profound impact.
Christian faith has to do with reality .
Christian faith involves more than believing something.
Christian faith is a confessional faith.
Christian faith is a grand cathedral, with divinely pictured windows.
Christian faith is a journey.
Christian faith is always personal but never only private.
Christian faith is an informed faith.
Christian faith is based in the resurrection.
Christian faith is dependent on evidence, and accepts the limitations and difficulty of evidence.
Christian faith is dynamic because it is an invitation to join in the ministry of reconciliation.
Christian faith is established.
Christian faith is expressed by deed as well as by word.
Christian faith is known, understood, experienced and lived in a particular tradition and heritage.
Christian faith is like a mustard seed.
Christian faith is lived out in relationships with fellow believers.
Christian faith is neither doctrine nor a set of propositions, rather truth is a mode of being.
Christian faith is neither spirituality nor charity.
Christian faith is personal, but it is also intrinsically communal.
Christian faith is questioned, but no one can find answers.
Christian faith is serious business and always has been.
Christian faith is the discovery of that difference.
Christian faith makes no sense without eternity.
Christian faith posits certain central truths.
Christian faith provides the sure roots for the healthy fruits of democracy.
Christian faith requires vigor and understanding.
Christian faith sees humanity as existing both in individuals and in collectives.
Many Christian faiths view cremation as the ultimate denial of the resurrection.
Most christian faith has impact.
Most christian faith has profound impact.
Christian families are subject to canon law, and Jewish families are subject to Jewish law.
Christian families are under great attack today.
Christian families can do it much more quickly.
Christian families care about one another.
Christian families exist to form a communion of persons in love.
Christian families face enormous pressures in our world today.
Christian families flourish once more.
Many Christian families choose to homeschool their children and have had great success.
Christian fascists manipulate and distort reality.
Christian fellowship can be the healing of many of our ills.
Christian fellowship includes the practical issues of spiritual life.
Christian fellowship is a key element to any ministry effort.
Christian fellowship is a priority in our congregation.
Christian fellowship is absolutely essential.
Christian fellowship is also a means of grace.
Christian fellowship is enjoyed by all, and new faces are always welcome.
Christian fellowship is enjoyed by our volleyball and softball teams.
Christian fellowship is part of what Sabbath is all about.
Christian fellowship is promoted through a variety of social and service activities.
Christian fellowship is seen as based on Christian love for one another.
Christian fellowship is two-dimensional, and it has to be vertical before it can be horizontal.
Christian fellowship is very important.
Christian fellowship nurtures all three dimensions in a person.
Christian fellowship reinforces our values in the face of a hostile society.
Christian festivals have a fairly strong following in Singapore.
Christian films have better production values today, and that's a shame.
Christian filmmakers have their eyes set on putting real Christian movies in the secular theaters.
Christian Flowers Jewish Soon more subjects here.
Christian formation fosters a family relationship characterized by love.
Christian formation includes two distinct, but closely related elements.
Christian formation involves modeling and mentoring.
Christian formation is a life long journey beginning with baptism and ending with death.
Christian formation is a lifelong process aimed at personal conversion and growth in faith.
Christian formation is a life-long process.
Christian formation is a process of seedlike growth.
Christian formation is both spiritual and educational.
Christian formation is developmental, for both men and women.
Christian formation is taught as an integral part of daily living.
Christian formation provides children and adults to opportunity to grow in their faith.
Christian formation seeks maturity in the believer.
Christian formation takes place within the committed and disciplined Christian community.
Christian freedom is also freedom to accept our guilt.
Christian friends can be a valuable source of support, too.
Christian friends share a common goal of reaching the Celestial City.
Christian friendship has a deep spiritual component to it.
Christian friendship is an unconditional friendship.
Christian friendship is sacrificial, involving costly commitment.
Christian friendships develop among the families in the area the high school serves.
Christian fundamentalism is yet another form of presumption.
Christian fundamentalists say the same thing of the Bible.
Christian fundamentalists use the Jewish name only to abuse it.
Christian games ought to induce happiness, joy, gladness, understanding, care and relief.
Christian girls wear a cross.
Christian gospel is authoritative truth to everyone everywhere in all times.
Christian groups deny such charges.
Christian groups say the missionaries only work for charity.
Christian groups say they've heard of no organized efforts to ban the books from public schools.
Many Christian groups minister to college students in some way.
Most Christian groups have standards of belief.
Some Christian groups believe it's a choice.
Some Christian groups deny any such massacre occurred.
Some Christian groups promote various creation science theories.
Christian growth comes with pain.
Christian growth is a gradual process.
Christian growth is a process.
Christian growth is exciting and challenging.
Christian growth is the process of peeling away layers of self-centered desires.
Christian growth mandates relational richness.
Christian growth requires allot of knocking and seeking.
Christian hagiography locates the brothel where the saint was martyred near the Stadium.
Christian history has considerable influence on what is consider a good source.
Christian history has similar circumstances.
Christian history is made by miracles.
Christian holidays are on Sundays.
Many Christian holidays are also state holidays.
Some Christian holidays are actually Jewish origin.
Many Christian homes are either deeply troubled, very unstable, or broken.
Christian honesty can be a big winner here.
Christian honor is entirely distinct from that of the ancient world.
Christian hope is a resistance movement against fatalism.
Christian hope is for new life, a fulfilled and transformed life.
Christian hope is that they are.
Christian hope is the cause of boldness in the Christian life.
Christian hope is the daughter of Christian faith.
Christian hope is the essence or source of life even though the patient is dying.
Christian hope leads to a desire to be delivered from the bondage of sin.
Christian hospitality is a needed emphasis in the modern age.
Christian hospitality is a risk taken in faith.
Christian humanism is totally and absolutely at odds with atheistic humanism.
Christian humility is actually about thanks.
Christian humility is an arresting apologetic in and of itself.
Christian humility is preached by the clergy, but practiced only by the lower classes.
Christian humor is wisdom with a twist.
Christian husbands are to show their wives special honor as a fellow heir of the grace of life.
Christian hypocrisy is bad enough.
Christian influence shows in the building style itself, which is reminiscent of a basilica.
Christian information contains papers from a host of different websites.
Christian initiation is a gradual process.
Christian intercessors are people of love.
Christian intercessors are the key to breaking the power that Satan has over their lives.
Christian involvement can lead to spiritual conversion.
Christian journalists deal with risky questions.
Christian joy can never be dependent upon the circumstances of life.
Christian joy is a direct result of divine love.
Christian joy is almost synonymous with Christian hope.
Christian joy is somewhat similar to the joy experienced by a couple deeply in love.
Christian kindness is tenderhearted.
Christian kindness is tied, for a start, to Christian love.
Christian kingdoms push southward at uneven rates.
Christian ladies receive their bag of flour.
Christian lawyers are also subject to the same pressures.
Christian leaders are concerned about the bill's possible consequences.
Christian leaders are no exception.
Christian leaders are often targets as they stand up for justice.
Christian leaders are regularly imprisoned on false charges in growing numbers of nations.
Christian leaders can no longer remain quiet concerning the family s role in education.
Christian leaders compete with each other in the field of impressive statistics.
Christian leaders deny the charge.
Christian leaders have high expectations for the meetings.
Christian leaders struggle with heir congregations with no respite from the burdens.
Christian leaders urge pro-life plank retention.
All Christian leaders are watchmen.
Every Christian leader faces times of difficulty.
Many Christian leaders believe the country is experiencing a significant public moral crisis.
Many Christian leaders struggle with the linkage with secular leadership.
Most Christian leaders list it as one of their ministry s top priorities.
Some Christian leaders are concerned that such a park trivializes faith.
Christian leadership can go nowhere else and remain Christian.
Christian leadership demands our spiritual best, and more.
Christian leadership is a serious and difficult calling.
Christian leadership is always character-based.
Christian leadership is servant leadership.
Christian leadership needs to take on responsibility for their words and actions.
Christian liberty is to be tempered by love.
Christian life begins with a spiritual rebirth, a regeneration.
Christian life brings purpose and meaning to our existence.
Christian life can get tense and complicated.
Christian life is a life of Christian witness in word and deed.
Christian life is an expression of mutuality, reciprocity and equality.
Christian life is both steadfast, and ever-changing and growing.
Christian life is daily.
Christian life is formed by distinctive beliefs, practices, attitudes and virtues.
Christian life is in one word an encounter with the Lord Jesus.
Christian life is more than that.
Christian life is one of sowing and reaping.
Christian life is positive.
Christian life provides an abundance of joy and love.
Christian links page Christian links page.
Christian literature is also in a rather complex situation.
Christian literature is seized at the borders.
Christian living involves Christian giving.
Christian living is a constant learning.
Christian living is a life of faith.
Christian living is a transformed life.
Christian living is much more doing the mundane than the glorious.
Christian living is risky.
Christian living is the consequence of Christian worship.
Christian living means living on the written Word of God, the Bible.
Christian love brings with it a profound peace and joy in the heart.
Christian love desires the benefit of the other person.
Christian love has none of the human malice which finds pleasure in ill reports.
Christian love includes submission.
Christian love is a hinderance to the revolution.
Christian love is a mutual love.
Christian love is a special kind of love.
Christian love is a virtue that results in a commitment to the truth.
Christian love is essentially positive.
Christian love is opposite to proud behavior.
Christian love is personal and active.
Christian love is self-less.
Christian love is to be seen in demonstration to foreigners.
Christian love is to the world as water in the desert.
Christian love is unique, it is characterized by, a sense of family.
Christian love is unselfish.
Christian love lives to do good for others.
Christian love requires patience.
Christian love requires that trust be maintained in human relationships.
Christian love seeks the highest good of neighbor and enemy.
Most Christian lyrics are largely redundant and generally superficial.
Christian men can obtain a divorce if they prove just one ground.
Christian men consider their church to be their spiritual family.
Christian men enter into the sexual relationship assuming all responsibilities that come with it.
Christian men experience stress on the job.
Christian men interact with boys in groups of six to eight.
Christian men stir American nation toward righteousness.
Christian men struggle with sexual matters.
Every Christian man needs to shed tears.
Many Christian men allow or even encourage their wives to seek employment outside the home.
More Christian men participate in adultery than do in homosexuality.
More Christian men participate in adultery than they do in homosexuality.
Christian marriage is a commitment to permanence.
Christian marriage is a covenant between two parties.
Christian marriage is a holy bond, and it beautifies natural love.
Christian marriage is a life-long union between a man and a woman.
Christian marriage is a pledge of life-long love and fidelity.
Christian marriage is a promise of what life is to be.
Christian marriage is committed marriage.
Christian marriage is that and much more.
Christian marriages fail, too.
Most Christian marriages are far from that design.
Christian materials are also available.
Christian maturity is ripeness of soul and readiness for action.
Christian maturity is when the word is received, believed and obeyed, then the believer grows.
Christian maturity is, of course, a never-ending process.
Christian medics can have a life outside of medicine.
Christian meditation is a much debated concept.
Christian meditation is an important part of our spiritual growth, and it is too often neglected.
Christian meditation is significantly different from Eastern meditation.
Christian meditation is very different from Eastern forms.
Christian meditations are one option.
Christian media can win the qualitative game.
All Christian members are safe but they have lost their houses.
Christian militia arm themselves to kill all the darker skinned races in America.
Christian minimalism is neither necessary nor wise.
Some Christian ministers focus on dividing the pie rather than multiplying the pie.
Some christian ministers lead meetings.
Some christian ministers lead prayer meetings.
Christian ministry is like that.
Christian ministry is more than just communicating the Word of God.
Christian ministry is preferred.
Christian ministry is stuck in a deep rut.
Christian ministry is the call of all disciples.
Christian ministry is usually hard, hot, agonizing, difficult, toilsome, and painful.
Christian missions are also about new beginnings.
Christian missions have their own ambitions.
Christian missions is the most merciful enterprise in all the world.
Some christian missions have information.
Some christian missions have statistical information.
Christian missionaries are workers.
Christian missionaries arrive at their beliefs through faith, and often blind faith.
Christian missionaries have a history of deception and distortion that spans centuries.
Christian missionaries have a long and helpful history in the continent.
Christian missionaries have mercy in one hand and the Bible in the other.
Christian missionaries operate freely.
Some Christian missionaries like to think of Chinese culture as a kind of Old Testament.
Christian monasteries have a chapel for the monks to worship.
Christian monks live in monasteries.
Most christian monks live in monasteries.
Christian morality is a morality of love, nothing else.
Christian morality is always ahead of human progress.
Christian morality is as much a social, political and environmental matter as a personal one.
Christian morality is covered extensively as well as love,faith,and hope.
Christian morality is poor morality.
Christian morality is primarily communal practices.
Christian morality is the experience of an inner miracle.
Christian morality is the purest, most sublime in all of history.
Christian morality is too hard.
Christian morality is variegated.
Christian morality offers a fully human response to life.
Christian morality proposes a fundamental principle of equality between human individuals.
Christian motorcyclists are uniquely qualified to minister to the secular bikers.
Christian movie reviews.
Christian music abounds with diversity.
Christian music can be a means to focus on the answer.
Christian music has another function.
Christian music has no inspiration until it is heard.
Christian music is Evil.
Christian music is inherently different.
Christian music is so broad.
Christian music is so much more uplifting than any secular music.
Christian music is sparse in Singapore.
Christian music is the better for it.
Christian music is the only genre of music that is strictly defined by the lyrics.
Christian music is very important because it can help and heal.
Christian music s most well-known magazine.
Christian music suffers from the same malady.
Christian music suppresses the moment in favor of the teleological goal.
Christian musicians can very easily convey mixed messages.
Christian musicians come and put on concerts occasionally.
Christian mystics refer to that same level of consciousness beyond duality.
Christian mysticism is about spirit meeting spirit, and a bond being formed.
Christian myths say that Merlin was baptized.
Christian nations have a long history of fighting each other.
Christian nationalism requires opposition to anti-Christian nationalism .
Christian naturalists can be a bridge between the church and natural history groups.
Christian naturism does.
Christian newspapers reach a specific audience, the church audience.
Christian novelties Look no further.
Christian numbers expand.
Christian nurture includes worship.
Christian obedience goes beyond calling for spiritual renewal.
Christian opinion can be frighteningly knee-jerk.
Christian Order leaves the rest to worry about the celebrated 'conversion of England'.
Christian organization prefers nondrinking and nonsmoking Christian applications.
Christian organizations are religious groups.
Christian organizations find it difficult to work because of the control of the government.
Christian organizations have a long history of caring for the poor and needy.
Many Christian organizations offer practical help to a woman facing a crisis pregnancy.
Christian orthodoxy leads to orthopraxis.
Christian pantheism derives from two gospel roots.
Christian parents are especially at risk of prosecution.
Christian parents are proud when their children make the correct decision on their own.
Christian parents are to avoid it for their children like the plague.
Christian parents can help by modelling and teaching a biblical value system.
Christian parents complain their children no longer like youth group.
Christian Parents Contend with autism.
Christian parents have no business placing their children in public schools.
Christian parents help to form their child's conscience when they teach right and wrong.
Christian parents know that.
Christian parents strive to pass on to their children a heritage of faith and spirituality.
Christian parents walk a tenuous balance beam.
Many Christian parents have no doubt recently reconsidered state education for safety reasons .
Most Christian parents can see that sin exists in even the smallest of children.
Christian peace is more than the absence of conflict.
Christian people are bad people who gamble.
Christian people are loyal to their church and what it represents.
Christian people are the happiest people on earth.
Christian people are, on the whole, very law-abiding.
Christian people interpret individual texts in light of their place in the Bible as a whole.
All Christian peoples agree to that because hospitality includes all other virtues.
All Christian performers are in a position of exceptional temptation, and many fall.
Every Christian person has a vocation.
Christian philanthropists differ from their non-Christian counterparts in other ways, as well.
Christian philosophy is Dvaitic.
Christian philosophy is still apologetic.
Christian photos classifieds romance sites.
All Christian pilgrims confirm it.
Some Christian pilgrims stay at hospices run by various churches.
Christian pilgrimages are part of age-old tradition.
Christian politicians walk a difficult tightrope.
Christian politicians work for the common good.
Christian pornography has a long and illustrious history.
Christian practice ought to be out of the sphere of morbid introspection.
Christian practices add up to a way of life.
Many Christian practices have their roots in older religions.
Christian prayer exercises in Eastern form.
Christian prayer is always communal prayer.
Christian prayer is something distinct and different from other conceptions of prayer.
Christian prayer loves to follow the way of the cross in the Savior's steps.
Christian prayer strengthens the human bonds, which in turn strengthens the ability to pray.
Christian priesthood claims superiority and entices the poor of other faiths to conversion.
Christian priesthood is a function of the community as a whole.
Christian principles are part of that enterprise at all levels.
Christian principles are true beyond doubt.
Christian principles help warm the heart and make willing the hands of service.
Christian prisoners report having been subjected to harsh treatment, including severe torture.
Christian professionals have an ethical obligation to be a good representative of their company.
Christian professors can have a significant influence worldwide as well.
Christian progress seems limited by one great impediment.
Christian propaganda informs Irish tales of threefold death.
Christian property belongs to first claimant.
Christian psychology is the application of Scripture to life's problems.
Christian publishers release many works especially directed toward ministers.
Christian publishing is a big business in America.
Christian publishing is a huge industry.
Christian radio is an even more pervasive medium.
Christian radio is one of the best tools to inform people about what is being done.
Christian Reader Offers the best in Christian reading.
Christian realism goes deeper than our disappointment and pain to recognise that great truth.
Christian rebuke demands a directness avoided in our day to day conduct.
Christian relationships are essential to spiritual growth.
All Christian relationships are free and voluntary.
Christian religion is preferable.
Christian resources christ ANY Christian resources.
Christian Resources Christian religious resources in Chicago and west suburbs.
Christian righteousness is the greatest righteousness.
Christian rock is one more type of music that emphasizes the real meaning of life.
Christian rock shows no difference between the holy and profane.
Christian rocker faces rape, sodomy charges.
Christian rockers invade our churches looking and acting just like their worldly counterparts.
Christian salvation is personal.
Christian sanctification is used in three ways.
Christian scholars have the right model, but it takes persistence.
Many Christian scholars agree.
Many Christian scholars say no.
Christian scholarship is pluralistic.
Christian school accrediting agencies probe the Christian aspects of the school.
Christian schools are a mystery to many people.
Christian schools are an alternative for Christian families.
Christian schools are religious schools.
Christian schools are under fire increasingly.
Christian schools build partnerships between parents, churches and the school.
Christian schools can discriminate in admitting students.
Christian schools do discriminate on the basis of religious belief.
Christian schools do operate within a political, legal, and social context.
Christian schools strive to educate the whole person in body, mind and spirit.
Many Christian schools are also available.
Some Christian schools are legalistic and too conservative.
Christian science is rife with false doctrine.
Christian scientists are protestants.
Christian Scientists believe that matter, sin, disease, and death are unreal - illusions.
Christian Scientists believe that sin and illness can be overcome by spiritual powers.
Christian Scientists consider it to be divinely inspired.
Many Christian scientists have no problem with it.
Christian scripture includes the scriptures of Israel.
Christian scripture is a second important element of early Christian tradition.
Christian sects are many and varied.
All Christian sects recognize the Bible as the primary source of revelation.
Some Christian sects refer to the literal understanding of biblical text as normative.
Christian servants are submissive with all respect to their masters.
Christian servants do good and when they suffer for it they bear the suffering patiently.
Christian service has no retirement age.
Christian service is an on-going process of learning to give of oneself.
Christian service is supported by concern, understanding and competence or skill.
Christian service is the normal result of spiritual growth but never the means.
Christian service is vital for spiritual growth.
Christian service makes life noble.
All Christian service comes from an exercise of the mind in control of the emotions.
Christian sharing is never one way.
All Christian singles welcome.
Every Christian single ought to have at least one or two prayer partners.
Christian slaves are free to submit to their masters.
Christian society is also a family.
Christian society is like a bundle of sticks laid together, where one kindles another.
Christian society requires the strong to serve the weak and defend the helpless.
Christian solidarity is manifested by sharing and spreading the spiritual goods of our faith.
Christian song is vocal with it.
Christian soteriology is a soteriology of the fullness of life.
Christian spirituality is the living out of faith in the world by the Christian community.
Christian spirituality seems distant to most people around, and maybe particularly to men.
Christian statesmanship is a high calling with clear biblical and historical precedence.
Christian stewards respond in a particular way to the call to be a disciple.
Christian stewardship embraces the total management of one s life one day at a time.
Christian stewardship involves walking with our companions now and in future generations.
Christian stewardship is a complex, complicated matter.
Christian stewardship is an attitude or a way of life.
Christian stewardship is concerned with priorities.
Christian stewardship is that powerful today.
Christian stewardship is work.
Christian stewardship reaches far wider than simply money.
Christian stewardship takes a positive view of money.
Christian students are unable to work, attend classes, write exams, study or prepare assignments.
Christian students can form Christian student organizations and can wear a crucifix to school.
Christian students go out of their way to make new students feel welcome.
Christian students have a growing willingness to share the gospel.
Many Christian students enter college with peculiar attitudes about geology.
Christian study opportunites.
Christian symbols can go through same process.
Christian teachers are a noble breed and they sacrifice much to serve others.
Christian teachers can reflect biblical examples.
Christian teachers see such opportunities as an important part of their purpose.
Christian teachers take turns leading the worship.
Christian teaching says no only to what is unloving.
Christian teachings disagree with the masculine type our society is being.
Christian teachings stay away, except in the shallowest sense.
Christian teens are no more exempt than their non-Christian peers.
Christian teens meet in school to pray and have fellowship.
Many Christian teens struggle with low self-esteem.
Many Christian teenagers abandon their faith in college and university, and many never return to it.
Some christian teenagers get accidents.
Some christian teenagers get car accidents.
Christian television operates without surveillance and broadcasts to the Russian city of Leningrad.
Christian theism is the only position the consistent thinker can hold.
Christian themes abound throughout the book.
Many Christian theologians express outright bafflement at the postponement.
Christian theology accounts for the lion's share of the curriculum.
Christian theology can fit in science, art, morality, and the sub-Christian religions.
Christian theology is an attempt to interpret the words of the Bible.
Christian theology is disciplined thinking about the faith of the church.
Christian theology is faith seeking understanding.
Christian theology is in a state of ferment.
Christian theology is theology.
Christian theology is unified, a theory of role, a role of theory and a psychological paradigm.
Christian theology needs a new departure.
Christian theology teaches that guilt is an objective reality.
All Christian theology is based on the sin and guilt of both parents of mankind.
Some Christian thinkers talk about the redemptive merit of suffering.
Christian thought goes in a very different direction.
Every Christian topic is included here in one form or another.
Christian tourists are here, as well.
Christian tradition depicts a white dove as a saved soul, the purified.
Christian tradition has it that Mount Tabor is where the Transfiguration took place.
Christian tradition identifies it as the site of the Miracle of Transfiguration.
Christian tradition is full of animal imagery.
Christian tradition is full of vitality and diversity.
Christian tradition is underpinned by the tenets of forgiveness and reconciliation.
Christian traditions bring a variety of perspectives to the matter.
Christian training is provided at the Christian Day Care Nursery here in Las Cruces.
Christian truth has much to say about political things.
Christian truth is a relationship.
Christian truth is infinite.
Christian truths are the only effective answer for problems in human life and destiny.
Christian unity begins at the cross.
Christian unity begins on the personal level.
Christian unity is more than a spiritual reality.
Christian unrest means looking at our faith critically.
Christian values Apply and demonstrate in daily life outside of school and home.
Christian values are also good social values.
Christian values are clearly present throughout the counseling process.
Christian values are the source of peace, beauty, understanding and harmony among all mankind.
Christian values dominate our government.
Christian values embody eternal truths which have attempted to follow over the years.
Christian values foster a supportive caring atmosphere at Cumberland.
Christian values underpin the tone and style of the school.
Christian videos sold in Christian stores reach only Christian audiences.
Christian virtues are then easy to fulfill.
Christian visionaries see the immediate future in light of eternity.
Christian vocation entails the practice of stewardship.
Christian vocation is for the sake of the neighbor in the world.
Christian voices have no special privilege.
Christian volunteers provide the leadership and instruction for the children.
Christian warfare is hard and costly work.
Christian weapons are different from the world's weapons.
Christian Web has no authority over external links.
Some Christian weddings involve communion or mass.
Christian widow seeks fellowship,companionship,and a possible lomg-term relationship.
Christian wisdom appears to be foolishness to the people of the world.
Christian wisdom is a profound thing which wears better than human wisdom.
Christian witness continues to make headway in Cuba.
Christian witness demands that scholars present their research in truth and originality.
Christian witness is given through word and deed both in general and specific ministries.
Christian witness takes different forms at different moments in the life of a nation.
All Christian witness ends right there.
Christian women are ashamed of their alcoholic husbands.
Christian women can divorce if they prove two grounds - adultery and one other ground.
Christian women can do much to change things for the better in the local church.
Christian women face extreme prejudice within Pakistani society.
Christian women pref.
Christian women saints.
Christian Women Tell Their Stories .
Christian women tend to stay in marriages for religious reasons, even though they are being abused.
All Christian women are under the commandment, and in all such like assemblies.
All Christian women are welcome to attend.
Many Christian women have for too long felt, and feel, outside the belonging.
Christian workers are subject to our employers.
Christian workers go into two boy's prisons and one girl's prison each week.
Christian workers visit schools and distribute the books at assemblies approved by school officials.
Some Christian workers are even heretical or to help set up a base for working behind the scenes.
Christian worship has a distinct identity.
Christian worship involves no such goal.
Christian worship is a first-person plural enterprise.
Christian worship is corporate .
Christian worship is intended to be vital, inspiring, alive and real.
Christian worship is learned from experience in a community of faith.
Christian worship is no longer cultic in nature.
Christian worship is sacramental .
Christian worship is the focal point of our total church life.
Christian worship recognizes the priesthood of believers.
Christian worship requires a deep social memory.
Christian worship takes many forms and expressions, none more perfect or proper than the other.
Christian writers debate the man in red.
Christian zeal creates, gives energy, and empowers.
Christians abort babies.
Christians account for seven per cent of the population and are found in centres all over Indonesia.
Christians actually believe.
Christians actually have much more freedom than they ve been led to believe.
Christians admit their sins.
Christians alone know true freedom.
Christians already have one.
Christians also are concerned about the threat of religious persecution from the Beirut regime.
Christians also believe in hell.
Christians also demonstrate their love for each other by affectionate greetings.
Christians also deplore the racial tensions which endanger our fragile unity.
Christians also fall into the same pattern.
Christians also go through a metamorphosis, a transformation.
Christians also have a distinctive view of death and dying.
Christians also have a duty to love others, and look to the heart of their fellow human beings.
Christians also have the Bible for explicit guidelines for living a godly life.
Christians also have to deal with the question of stewardship.
Christians also meet the sherif.
Christians also start with a supposition and attempt to prove it.
Christians are a community.
Christians are a dwindling minority in the region.
Christians are a kind of first fruits.
Christians are a lot like cows and goats.
Christians are a minority even in Southern Sudan.
Christians are a minority in mainly Muslim Indonesia and churches are often attacked during unrest.
Christians are a minority in the predominantly Muslim countries of Central Asia.
Christians are a people of decency and order.
Christians are a people of hope who never despair, even in the darkest hours.
Christians are a people of hope.
Christians are a people of love.
Christians are a people of the book, that is, the Bible.
Christians are a people who seek reconciliation with one another.
Christians are a praising people.
Christians are a praying people.
Christians are a rejoicing, confident, and thankful people.
Christians are a remembering people.
Christians are a shrinking minority here.
Christians are a small minority of the population in the Middle East.
Christians are a threat and hindrance to their activism.
Christians are a tiny minority in Bangladesh, east of India.
Christians are a tiny minority in Iraq.
Christians are able to offer the world a different perspective through pop culture.
Christians are about judgment or condemnation.
Christians are actually well-received in Egypt.
Christians are aliens in the world.
Christians are aliens.
Christians are all interested in imposing their values on everyone.
Christians are all members of the same spiritual army.
Christians are also a people of dynamic memory.
Christians are also aware of a struggle internally.
Christians are also capable of hasty, unbalanced judgments.
Christians are also good at rationalizing their sins.
Christians are also human and make mistakes.
Christians are also over-represented in the professions and government.
Christians are also susceptible to attacks by Muslim extremists.
Christians are also to fulfill their privileged duty as participants in the assembly worship.
Christians are always in the process of receiving the Holy Spirit.
Christians are always in training .
Christians are always in training.
Christians are always to be enlarging their outreach.
Christians are always to be rational, never rationalistic.
Christians are always to line against the background of eternity.
Christians are amazingly peaceful and forgiving but the wounds go deep.
Christians are an overwhelming majority.
Christians are and have been suffering in Lebanon.
Christians are arrogant religious zealots who have the audacity to say their beliefs alone are true.
Christians are ashamed to meet together to pray.
Christians are at home in the universe.
Christians are at peace with themselves.
Christians are at war today.
Christians are atheists to the Roman gods.
Christians are barely able to live while their enemies live in luxury.
Christians are both the spiritual temple and the priests of the temple.
Christians are brothers and sisters to each other.
Christians are by no means the only people who deeply cherish the world and life within it.
Christians are called to be peacemakers, it is time to lead the way to peace.
Christians are capable of rebels.
Christians are capable of sin.
Christians are certain there is life after death.
Christians are certainly free to eat meat offered to idols.
Christians are citizens and taxpayers like everyone else.
Christians are citizens, too.
Christians are clearly smaller in numbers, but they want their witness to continue there too.
Christians are concerned about the bill s potential.
Christians are concerned with conservation.
Christians are cross-bearers.
Christians are definitely in the minority.
Christians are desperate as they try to defend themselves.
Christians are different.
Christians are disproportionately prominent in Sudanese affairs.
Christians are diverse in their ideals.
Christians are dumb.
Christians are duty-bound to speak out.
Christians are easy to get off track.
Christians are easy to make, but disciples are a lot harder.
Christians are effective witnesses to other people.
Christians are either Bibles or libels.
Christians are equal in authority to each other.
Christians are even guilty of avoiding closeness with others.
Christians are everywhere but there are more adults with a bible christian dating agency.
Christians are famous for believing in pie in the sky as their hope for a just reward.
Christians are famous for coming up with the ten steps to everything.
Christians are followers.
Christians are fortunate to have a model in the rest of the story.
Christians are free to drink a modicum of wine and other beverages.
Christians are free to evangelize among their own.
Christians are free to follow a higher standard.
Christians are free to have as many children as they wish or as few as they wish.
Christians are free.
Christians are frequently uncomfortable with such judgments.
Christians are generally the most uninformed, naive, and uninterested sports fans.
Christians are Gentles who do so.
Christians are godly, honorable people.
Christians are good people who exist as a blessing in society.
Christians are good, kind, loving people.
Christians are good.
Christians are habitual learners.
Christians are held to higher standards, that is true.
Christians are here to help.
Christians are hero worshipers like everyone else.
Christians are honest enough to admit it.
Christians are humans.
Christians are hypocrites.
Christians are in a constant, day in and day out battle with sin.
Christians are in a multicultural dilemma.
Christians are in conflict with our unspiritual society.
Christians are in danger of being sucked in by the appeal of consumerism.
Christians are in the majority in two-thirds of the world's countries.
Christians are in trouble here.
Christians are increasingly at risk.
Christians are increasingly targets of persecution.
Christians are indeed the light of the world.
Christians are indeed the most peculiar things in all of the universe.
Christians are indeed to protest the values of society.
Christians are insecure.
Christians are interested in discovering the truth, as are scientists.
Christians are joyful people.
Christians are judgmental.
Christians are just as guilty as Israel was in singling out others.
Christians are just like anyone else.
Christians are just people.
Christians are just uninformed and narrow-minded.
Christians are less than one per cent of the population of Japan.
Christians are like tea.
Christians are like that in a way.
Christians are like that.
Christians are like window panes.
Christians are little gods.
Christians are little messiahs.
Christians are located in cathedrals.
Christians are located in churchs.
Christians are losers.
Christians are loyal subjects to the government of which they are a part.
Christians are lucky.
Christians are magnificent new creations.
Christians are meanies, like the other big religions of the world.
Christians are members of that body.
Christians are monotheistic.
Christians are more easily able to continue working at their job if water is taken.
Christians are more likely to err on the side of being too soft than too hard.
Christians are morning showerers.
Christians are most numerous in the capital, in lower Guinea, and in the forest region.
Christians are mostly in the lower economic bracket and quite poor.
Christians are naive and gullible.
Christians are never alone when facing temptation.
Christians are no different than secular folks.
Christians are no exception.
Christians are no holy than thou.
Christians are no longer in Adam.
Christians are no longer servants of sin.
Christians are no strangers to public education.
Christians are no threat to China.
Christians are nonentities in the eyes of men and women.
Christians are nor particularly concerned with that.
Christians are notorious for jumping on bandwagons late.
Christians are notorious for sticking their heads in the sand.
Christians are notorious for their holy huddle approach to life.
Christians are now completely on the defensive in Western society in terms of their beliefs.
Christians are now evil, and deviants are celebrated and idolized in our society.
Christians are now in the kingdom, the church.
Christians are now servants in a pagan aristocracy.
Christians are now the chosen people.
Christians are obligated support their parents financially whenever necessary.
Christians are often in question as to where to draw the line on some Bible teachings.
Christians are often mean-spirited.
Christians are on a different frequency from the world.
Christians are on safe ground when it comes to discussing the Resurrection of Jesus.
Christians are on the offensive and the devil is angry and afraid.
Christians are one in the faith.
Christians are only a small minority.
Christians are open and honest about the fact that the Bible contains textual errors.
Christians are opposed to Sharia, arguing that it violates the country's secular constitution.
Christians are part of a body.
Christians are part of a family that cares deeply for one another.
Christians are people of commitment.
Christians are people of conviction .
Christians are people of great joy.
Christians are people who are called to obey authority.
Christians are people who are looking in three directions.
Christians are people who forgive.
Christians are people who have new hearts.
Christians are people who know.
Christians are people who put their faith in Jesus Christ, pure and simple.
Christians are people with a mission.
Christians are people.
Christians are personally accountable for the work left undone.
Christians are positive in their methods, motives, message, and manner of life.
Christians are prominent throughout the administration and the army.
Christians are prone to blame others for America s cultural erosion.
Christians are proud of their book.
Christians are proud of their ceremonies and celebrations.
Christians are proud of their morality.
Christians are quick to condemn.
Christians are quite familiar with Biblical expectations for the family and the church.
Christians are rather reluctant to utilize the word saint in their description of themselves.
Christians are really the guilty ones.
Christians are religionists.
Christians are resident aliens.
Christians are responsible for their actions.
Christians are said to be persecuted by the authorities.
Christians are saints.
Christians are scarce in parts of the west.
Christians are selective in their choice of music.
Christians are sensitive.
Christians are servants.
Christians are sinners like all people.
Christians are small in number in the city.
Christians are so confused and disillsioned about what they themselves believe.
Christians are someday people.
Christians are sometimes cautious about the library.
Christians are sometimes like that.
Christians are spiritually untransformed.
Christians are still here on earth.
Christians are still just people.
Christians are still sinners.
Christians are still subject to many restrictions.
Christians are strangers and aliens within all cultures.
Christians are stupid.
Christians are subject to common calamities.
Christians are such easy targets for parody and comedy.
Christians are supposed to imitate the example of gentleness set by the Sacrificial Lamb.
Christians are supposedly exempt from the Islamic law but the situation remains dubious.
Christians are thankful people.
Christians are the largest minority group in Pakistan.
Christians are the largest monotheist group.
Christians are the majority in the total Christian community of Bangladesh.
Christians are the most persecuted group in the world.
Christians are the most smug and condescending people on the planet.
Christians are the new bowl, containing the salt.
Christians are the new scapegoat in India's political battles.
Christians are the number one civilian target for terrorists in Egypt.
Christians are the only ones who have the power to stop the cults.
Christians are the salt of the earth.
Christians are the same way.
Christians are the seasoning and preservative of society.
Christians are the true Israel.
Christians are theists.
Christians are to ask the aid of the Holy Spirit in the educational task.
Christians are to avoid worshipping political power and making it a god.
Christians are to be a light on a hill, the salt of the earth.
Christians are to be accurate and balanced when giving criticism.
Christians are to be attacking the strongholds of sin.
Christians are to be baptized in one name but three persons.
Christians are to be citizens of both kingdoms.
Christians are to be compassionate with their own money.
Christians are to be consistent with Scripture in their character and conduct.
Christians are to be demonstrations of the truth.
Christians are to be extraordinary men.
Christians are to be good citizens, they obey the laws of the land and they pay their taxes.
Christians are to be good examples.
Christians are to be indebted to no one, save to love one another.
Christians are to be joyous celebrants as well as mourners and sufferers.
Christians are to be messengers of hope and ministers of reconciliation.
Christians are to be morally and sexually pure.
Christians are to be separate and different.
Christians are to be that bread of sincerity and truth .
Christians are to be the good news.
Christians are to be the moral conscience of society.
Christians are to be warned that material of a sexual and perverse nature is abundant.
Christians are to bear good fruit and are known by their fruit.
Christians are to blame for a lot of the problems.
Christians are to blame.
Christians are to care deeply for others.
Christians are to correct one another.
Christians are to do good works.
Christians are to examine everything very carefully.
Christians are to exhort one another.
Christians are to expand their love to the whole human race , as well as to one another.
Christians are to flavor the life-styles of communities in which they live.
Christians are to flee from the devil.
Christians are to forgive also.
Christians are to have a family relationship with one another.
Christians are to have a special concern for the disabled and needy.
Christians are to have a submissive spirit toward authority.
Christians are to have different motives and a different approach.
Christians are to have no enjoyment in lying.
Christians are to know the truth.
Christians are to live a quiet life of hard work and endurance.
Christians are to live as children of the light and of the day, holy in their behavior or conduct.
Christians are to live as pilgrims and strangers in society.
Christians are to live counter to every culture.
Christians are to live to the highest standards, obeying the laws of the land dutifully.
Christians are to look on everyone as a potential neighbor.
Christians are to love one another and serve one another.
Christians are to make a difference in local communities and in the whole world.
Christians are to make peace rather than make war.
Christians are to model selflessness before the world.
Christians are to obey the Bible.
Christians are to pray for and give honor to the kings and rulers.
Christians are to pray for the salvation of all in authority.
Christians are to pray for their governmental leaders.
Christians are to prefer one another, highly esteeming each other.
Christians are to put away lying and to speak the truth.
Christians are to recognize the devil as their adversary or enemy.
Christians are to regard themselves as temples of the Holy Spirit.
Christians are to serve one another out of a heart of genuine love.
Christians are to shine as light in the world.
Christians are to shine as lights.
Christians are to show their religion by their lives.
Christians are to speak truth always.
Christians are to stay clear of evil in whatever form it comes.
Christians are to treat all people with respect and honor.
Christians are too busy trying to accommodate feminism.
Christians are true idealists.
Christians are unapologetically humanist.
Christians are under attack in America.
Christians are unique in living in the last days.
Christians are unique partakers of the divine nature.
Christians are uniquely inheritors.
Christians are unlike their neighbors in many ways.
Christians are unlikely to be persuaded, unless they have already all but checked out of the faith.
Christians are usually well-dressed even if they are poor.
Christians are very ordinary clay pots.
Christians are very small in number now in the birthplace of Jesus.
Christians are weak minded and stupid and have no idea of what truth is at all.
Christians are weak.
Christians are wrong.
Christians are yet to realize the problem modernity creates for Christian speech.
Christians are, and here perhaps, the Christian church is, to be a part of the world.
Christians are, by far, the most populous religious body in the United States.
Christians are, however, to obey the laws of proper governmental structures.
Christians are, in point of fact, the richest people in the world.
Christians are, of course, no more proof against despair than others.
Christians argue about how much it's about bread and wine.
Christians ask another question.
Christians assume the leading position in politics, and in the economy.
Christians bear responsibility for service to others.
Christians become part of that covenant through faith in Jesus.
Christians become servants.
Christians become the loudest objectors screaming discrimination.
Christians become winners in the things that really count.
Christians begin to persistently pray and prepare for revival.
Christians believe a lot of different things.
Christians believe in a heaven for the saints and eternal suffering in hell for the sinners.
Christians believe in both Old Testament and New Testament.
Christians believe in equality of all men.
Christians believe in eternal life because of what occurred the first Easter.
Christians believe in grace.
Christians believe in loving one's enemy.
Christians believe in magic.
Christians believe in one god in three persons.
Christians believe in revival.
Christians believe many things.
Christians believe moneys sent to foreign lands are used for soup kitchens and winning converts.
Christians believe that Bible is the Holy Book.
Christians believe that death is real, and that it's hell to have to go through it even once.
Christians believe that from the sacraments flow grace.
Christians believe that in Jesus they have salvation or eternal life.
Christians believe that it is appointed for human beings to die once and after that face judgment.
Christians believe that it is the holiest day in the year.
Christians believe that prayer can help in the healing of the sick.
Christians believe that salvation only comes through faith in the death and resurrection of Jesus.
Christians believe that some actions and beliefs are wrong according to absolute standards.
Christians believe that such evidence exists in abundance.
Christians believe that the Bible is free from error.
Christians believe that the church began at that time.
Christians believe that the Law of Moses has been abolished in favor of a better, higher religion.
Christians believe that the only way to change human behavior is to change the human heart.
Christians believe that war is the result of sin.
Christians believe the cost of being a disciple is worth the promised rewards .
Christians believe the cost of being a disciple is worth the promised rewards.
Christians believe there are no throwaways in life.
Christians believe they are saved by grace through no effort of their own.
Christians believe they can be delivered from sin through their belief in Jesus.
Christians believe they have good news for everyone.
Christians believe what the oldest, and most read reference book, the Bible says.
Christians belong to the age to come.
Christians bring a unique contribution to the system in civility, public justice.
Christians bury their dead.
Christians buy second-hand thoughts.
Christians call it faith . . .
Christians call it Grace.
Christians call it heaven where the righteous abide for eternity.
Christians call it resurrection .
Christians call it servant leadership.
Christians call it spiritual warfare . . .
Christians call that center the Holy Spirit.
Christians can afford to be daring because in one sense they have nothing left to lose.
Christians can also be cruel to each other.
Christians can also find middle ground between unloving condemnation and tacit approval.
Christians can also meet at their homes in Bible study groups.
Christians can also meet at their homes in Bible study in groups.
Christians can also say that other religions teach similar moral principles.
Christians can ascribe it to divine intervention.
Christians can be a stumbling block to others.
Christians can be addicted to substances.
Christians can be and ought to be content with the simple necessities of life.
Christians can be in modeling, just like they can be in other professions.
Christians can be just as politically correct as secular folk.
Christians can be open-minded about the question of age, and follow the evidence wherever it leads.
Christians can be optimistic about a human future and the possibilities of culture.
Christians can be optimistic.
Christians can be real and have fun too.
Christians can become allies with non believers in making the world a better place.
Christians can become angry just like anyone else.
Christians can build walls but roofing sheets are a problem.
Christians can buy land and build churches.
Christians can commit any sin of which the heart is capable.
Christians can cope with their past because of their hope in the future.
Christians can divorce or remarry provided the spouse committed adultery.
Christians can do things that open the door to demon oppression.
Christians can do without Californian socialite-astrologers.
Christians can either conform their lives according to their own reasoning and understanding.
Christians can embrace much of the American way of life.
Christians can enjoy the control they exercise in charter schools even as they push for vouchers.
Christians can fall from grace.
Christians can fall into a trap of fear.
Christians can generate additional income for ministry activity by operating a small business.
Christians can get depressed.
Christians can go to church or worship in any way they feel proper.
Christians can have an even better hope today.
Christians can have no part in the process.
Christians can have only one wife.
Christians can help each other.
Christians can ill-afford to be in a state of slumber with regard to world politics.
Christians can join in ecumenical conversations.
Christians can learn from secular artist, authors, and critics.
Christians can live in light of the future.
Christians can make a difference for the persecuted church.
Christians can make an eternal investment in the Kingdom of God.
Christians can make the same error of interpretation with the Bible.
Christians can never expect to be fully welcomed in the arena of public policy discussion.
Christians can never tolerate disunity.
Christians can offer an explanation.
Christians can only have one wife.
Christians can only keep the faith if they contend for the faith in every realm of life.
Christians can only practice their faith secretly.
Christians can openly show their Christian belief.
Christians can pass out tapes to the people they know and let the preacher do the preaching.
Christians can progress rapidly out of sinful living patterns as a result.
Christians can react in only one way.
Christians can read the Bible.
Christians can reconnect to culture with a narrative approach.
Christians can respect the claim of the Jewish people upon the land of Israel.
Christians can say no to improper sexual expression.
Christians can say something further.
Christians can show their lights in many ways.
Christians can show their loving concern.
Christians can sin willfully.
Christians can slip and fall, but that is vastly different from becoming enslaved to fleshly lusts.
Christians can stumble and fall and they make many crooked steps on their way to the Celestial City.
Christians can suffer from the same problem - unhealthy faith.
Christians can support themselves in their greatest temptations against the terrors of the law.
Christians can t continue in a life of sin with a guiltless attitude.
Christians can use that interest to help tell the greatest story ever.
Christians can work to heal broken families.
Christians can worship in their churches, but public preaching is forbidden in the Muslim nation.
Christians can worship using any style of music, but there are some limits.
Christians care about what the Bible says on every theme.
Christians care for their neighbors.
Christians carry their share of the blame for prejudice and inhumanity toward humans.
Christians celebrate All Souls' Day.
Christians celebrate, lift high, even glory in the cross.
Christians certainly ought to be born again.
Christians cheat on their spouses and have impure thoughts.
Christians cheat others.
Christians cherish the Bible as the source book of appropriating the point and purpose of life.
Christians claim that the Bible is divinely revealed and that the Bible is evidence for their god.
Christians claim their bible is infallible.
Christians click here .
Christians come from every nation and tribe.
Christians come in handy.
Christians come out of a different mold.
Christians commonly feel guilty about the way they look at themselves.
Christians commonly participate in the same things as the Holy Spirit.
Christians complain bitterly about ecclesiastical and civil tyranny.
Christians complain they're publicly harassed and harangued for their faith.
Christians con tribute funds once a month or whenever they wish, without any compulsion.
Christians confess their sins to a fellow believer or at the appropriate time in the church service.
Christians consider freedom the ability to reject sin.
Christians consider themselves a community.
Christians constantly complain that someone is doing an anti-Christian thing.
Christians constitute a spiritual aristocracy, and that is also due to blood.
Christians continue in the faith.
Christians continue to be persecuted in many countries around the world.
Christians continue to come to take a stand with the church.
Christians continue to debate whether the story is myth or history.
Christians continue to look.
Christians continue to renounce today.
Christians continue to suffer under atheistic regimes in China, Vietnam, Cuba and North Korea.
Christians create, sustain, and nurture relationships.
Christians deny it.
Christians deny the divinity of all Bibles but their own.
Christians detest mortal existence.
Christians didn t do that.
Christians die daily.
Christians die just like other people.
Christians differ enormously about what is truly good.
Christians differ from each other in terms of maturity and spiritual development.
Christians differ in many ways, but they are to be unified in purpose when it comes to the gospel.
Christians disagree about the age of the earth, solar system, and universe.
Christians disagree about what idolatry is .
Christians disagree about what idolatry is.
Christians disagree in the area of scruples, matters that are morally neutral in themselves.
Christians do a lot of things.
Christians do enter a spiritual rest which is now no longer just one day.
Christians do great deeds, but their history is marked with cruelties.
Christians do have some funny ideas about harvesting.
Christians do have their ups and downs in their life.
Christians do have trouble.
Christians do it to each other.
Christians do occasionally sin, and they do so without losing their salvation.
Christians do pray for peace on earth.
Christians do say it that way.
Christians do sometimes have significant and genuine experiences of supernatural guidance.
Christians do struggle with life's pain.
Christians do suffer.
Christians do that too.
Christians do, for legitimate reasons, change fellowships sometimes.
Christians do, of course, disagree on what constitutes good public policy.
Christians draw upon the power of the Resurrection daily.
Christians easily disengage themselves from much of non-Christian society.
Christians eat pigs.
Christians encounter questions concerning morality which demand a subjective response.
Christians endorse truth telling.
Christians engage in public prayer for government.
Christians engage in their own peculiar brand of tabloid journalism.
Christians enjoy the privilege and the responsibility of caring one for the other.
Christians escape the tribulation.
Christians even go and borrow money to pay.
Christians even have trouble controlling their sexuality and give in to temptation.
Christians even play the denial game.
Christians even resort to the same moral language to justify our uses of secrecy.
Christians expect atheists to consider their opinion, but refuse to reciprocate.
Christians expect to serve on demand of the needs of others.
Christians experience both joy and sorrow.
Christians face backlash of persecution.
Christians face death threats and violence.
Christians face insults and threats of violence from members of their communities.
Christians face the same problems and temptations as everyone else.
Christians fall everyday.
Christians fear the external work of Satan.
Christians feel deeply that their way of life is the best possible.
Christians find in the Scriptures the convictions to which they hold.
Christians find it difficult to spread the gospel freely under such conditions.
Christians find many of the Islamic concepts of ethics strange, to say the least.
Christians firmly believe in forgiveness and reconciliation.
Christians forget all other adornment to obtain the jewel of godliness.
Christians forgo the use of jewelry, and dress modestly.
Christians form a very small portion of the total population.
Christians form only a very small portion of the total population.
Christians gain nothing by restless, anxious effort.
Christians gamble away their tithes and offerings.
Christians generally accept the spirit of man as eternal.
Christians generally recognize the necessity for the believer to live a holy, or sanctified, life.
Christians get along.
Christians get angry and No records of waiting list deaths.
Christians get in trouble when they conform to the world's thinking and allow principles to slide.
Christians get the flu.
Christians get the fuck out of India.
Christians give freely and often.
Christians give freely.
Christians go into the scientific arena as a very bad witness.
Christians go through many valleys and peaks during their lives.
Christians go through some of the greatest changes.
Christians grant the text authority.
Christians grieve over the sins they commit unwillingly.
Christians grow as they minister to people who are vulnerable and dependent.
Christians grow best in nurturing relationships.
Christians grow cold and stumble and fall.
Christians have a basis for truth and for learning, which the secular establishment has thrown away.
Christians have a choice.
Christians have a credibility problem.
Christians have a duty to call attention to error, but also to see the good such groups often do.
Christians have a duty to respect the leaders of the government.
Christians have a duty, according to the Bible, to warn others of false teachers and teachings.
Christians have a far better expectation.
Christians have a far more noble ambition.
Christians have a force working in their lives that is far more powerful than fear.
Christians have a fundamental distrust of anything pleasurable.
Christians have a general explanation for such surprises.
Christians have a glorious name.
Christians have a good message.
Christians have a great responsability in front of facts of injustice and human rights.
Christians have a higher calling, one that involves sacrifice and service.
Christians have a hope that comes through their faith.
Christians have a justification for fighting evil, immorality and corruption.
Christians have a long history in Hungary.
Christians have a lot of words to draw on, words and rituals that make for a rich life.
Christians have a mission in the word.
Christians have a moral standard they have to live up to.
Christians have a noble vocation.
Christians have a number of obvious obligations to other people.
Christians have a past, a present and a promised future.
Christians have a powerful message for a pluralistic age.
Christians have a purpose.
Christians have a responsibility to expose darkness, the occult.
Christians have a responsibility to get together, talk, and decide what is appropriate.
Christians have a responsibility to meet social needs.
Christians have a responsibility to tell the old, old story.
Christians have a robust view of the body, both in life and in death.
Christians have a special reason to be willing to adopt.
Christians have a standard of truth.
Christians have a tendency to separate life into sacred and secular.
Christians have a tremendous opportunity to impact our society.
Christians have a two-fold existence.
Christians have a very special opportunity.
Christians have a vision as well, individuals and congregations and the communion of saints.
Christians have a world view.
Christians have all the power that there is.
Christians have an Inclusive Message of Good news.
Christians have an incredible capacity to hope for better things.
Christians have an obligation to be informed and involved in the issues which effect our culture.
Christians have an obligation to propagate their faith.
Christians have an obligation to seek out the lost.
Christians have been threatend and imprisoned.
Christians have both delusions.
Christians have business failures.
Christians have but one solution.
Christians have but two options left to pursue.
Christians have cocks, too.
Christians have complete freedom of meeting and prayer, though there are many logistical problems.
Christians have deceases, alzheimers, cancer, and any other dreadful deceases.
Christians have different callings, some to wealth, some to poverty.
Christians have different levels of maturity and spiritual understanding.
Christians have different opinions.
Christians have different practices of administering baptism.
Christians have differing roles in the ministry.
Christians have everything to gain and nothing to lose by an appeal to archaeology fairly exercised.
Christians have extramarital affairs at an alarming rate.
Christians have good days and bad days like everyone else.
Christians have good news in a world that hears so little of it.
Christians have influence.
Christians have lots of fun.
Christians have many conflicting beliefs about the Bible.
Christians have more money and contacts abroad, easing emigration.
Christians have more reason than anyone to abhor discrimination and prejudice.
Christians have no business being involved in the martial arts, even at the most elementary level.
Christians have no business consulting psychics for any reason.
Christians have no business making false gods out of winners.
Christians have no business participating in that at any time, much less in the name of fun.
Christians have no command to worship on any specific day.
Christians have no monopoly on care, never forget that.
Christians have no reason to be reluctant in sharing the good news of their faith with anyone.
Christians have no reason to despair.
Christians have no reason to feel any shame about sex within their marital bonds.
Christians have no respect.
Christians have no right to break the law in trying to stop the abortions.
Christians have no right to force their values on the masses using the government as a tool.
Christians have nothing in common with the unbeliever.
Christians have nothing to fear about the world coming to an end.
Christians have nothing to hide.
Christians have only one life.
Christians have only one spouse.
Christians have opportunity to love our enemies because some people are enemies.
Christians have other reasons for having a good self-esteem a.
Christians have reason to be optimistic.
Christians have rights too.
Christians have sex relations with animals .
Christians have something to be proud of.
Christians have strong convictions, for example, as to financial and administrative procedures.
Christians have that transfinite hope.
Christians have the ability to distinguish true teaching from false teaching.
Christians have the answer, have had it for almost two thousand years.
Christians have the Bible as a basis for answers, as other religions seek information else where.
Christians have the blessed hope of seeing their loved ones again.
Christians have the greatest weapon against sin and despair and that is prayer.
Christians have the responsibility to discern between true apostles and false ones.
Christians have the revealed Word of God.
Christians have the right to believe anything they so desire.
Christians have the right to see the principles they believe in represented in politics.
Christians have the same demands as everyone else.
Christians have the same mission.
Christians have their hearts circumcised.
Christians have their own language.
Christians have to purge from their past all that threatens that truth.
Christians have to put their priorities in the right order.
Christians have to struggle every day to stay true to their faith in the face of temptation.
Christians have to think about themselves, just like everyone else.
Christians have to work hard, just like everyone else.
Christians have two natures.
Christians have various ways available for living the faith.
Christians have very little political clout.
Christians heap their 'pity' upon our heads.
Christians hear much but learn little.
Christians identify themselves visually.
Christians immediately sense the spiritual oppression of the place.
Christians impose their idea on others.
Christians interpret all of life in terms of their own covenant-keeping presuppositions.
Christians join their voices in common singing.
Christians just pick and choose what they want to believe.
Christians kill no one.
Christians know better than that.
Christians know better.
Christians know creation, but receptivity is often lost in our worldview.
Christians know in their hearts that abortion is wrong.
Christians know once they are saved, their names go into the Book of the Lamb.
Christians know that because it's what the Bible teaches.
Christians know that faith is founded on fact.
Christians know that the body matters.
Christians know that the dramatic conclusion of the human story has already been revealed.
Christians know that war is evil.
Christians know the fragility and vulnerability of the inner human only too well.
Christians know the path of forgiveness.
Christians know the value of unselfish love, which means caring for and serving others.
Christians know there is a continual struggle dealing with sin and self.
Christians know what to do about their sins.
Christians know what to expect.
Christians know why people suffer.
Christians learn that the sinful world can give nothing of any lasting and permanent value.
Christians learn that the sinful world can give nothing of any lasting or permanent value.
Christians learn to disciple in the community of a cell group.
Christians leave India.
Christians lie the most.
Christians like to name their children after characters in the Bible.
Christians like to use the salt metaphor as a rationalization for political involvement.
Christians live in community.
Christians live in relationship to the central truths of their faith.
Christians live in the diaspora.
Christians live in the light.
Christians live in the same world as their unbelieving neighbors and face the same problems.
Christians live longer.
Christians live now and in the future with faith, hope, and love.
Christians live throughout the country.
Christians look a certain way.
Christians look after one another.
Christians look around and see the strength of the antichrist crowd.
Christians look at life differently.
Christians lose their grip on grace whenever they fall prey to the teachings of legalism.
Christians lose their savor by undue exposure to the sinful world.
Christians love each other.
Christians love hype.
Christians love one another.
Christians love others.
Christians love the cross.
Christians love the freedom to do evil.
Christians mainly suffer from hunger and the extremely high inflation rate.
Christians make a grave error when they hold that commercial culture has no redeeming value.
Christians make mistakes and outright blunders too.
Christians make the distinction between people and their sin.
Christians make up just over two percent of India's population.
Christians make up only a small minority of the population.
Christians make up only between fifteen and twenty per cent of the Israeli Arab population.
Christians make up the largest non-Muslim religious group, and belong to a number of sects.
Christians mean givers.
Christians meet together to be friends.
Christians meet together to share spiritual truths.
Christians miss positive and provocative messages of hope when women are excluded from preaching.
Christians never say good-byefor the last time.
Christians never walk a lonely road.
Christians now have a greater awareness of the elements of faith they have in common.
Christians now have a profound opportunity to reach Asia with the Gospel.
Christians object to gay sex and marriages.
Christians object to humanists because of their beliefs.
Christians observe a new day in remembrance of their new creation and new redemption.
Christians occupy an inferior position in Islamic society.
Christians only have one book to sell.
Christians only seem to have room for one unwed mother in their shrunken holiday hearts.
Christians operate quietly, though still under surveillance by suspicious officials.
Christians oppose slavery, abortion, sexual immorality, cheating, theft, and greed.
Christians ought thereby to be comforted when in sorrow, and always stimulated to duty.
Christians ought to be among the best-behaved people on earth.
Christians ought to be as worried and stressed-out as anyone.
Christians ought to be doubly good as the years go by.
Christians ought to be good citizens.
Christians ought to be in the forefront knocking down the barriers of prejudice.
Christians ought to be known as a people who pay their debts.
Christians ought to be the most content people in the world.
Christians ought to be the ones who create the greatest art.
Christians ought to be the world's brightest thinkers.
Christians ought to be trustworthy.
Christians ought to come to terms with the fact that no-self experiences exist.
Christians ought to fulfil their temporal obligations with fidelity and competence.
Christians ought to fulfill their temporal obligations with fidelity and competence.
Christians ought to give according to how much they have been blessed.
Christians ought to have large, glorious families.
Christians ought to never park their lives at such places.
Christians ought to purify the world.
Christians ought to quit their sins.
Christians ought to share with believers who have less.
Christians ought to show by their own example what the Christian walk is.
Christians ought to voice their objections to the homosexual movement.
Christians participate in Palestinian official life.
Christians participating are from several churches across America.
Christians pass such trash along pretending it to be truth.
Christians pay about five times in interest what they give to all charitable sources.
Christians pay their debts.
Christians practice witchcraft, agnostics and atheists as well.
Christians pray for their healing.
Christians pray together - study each others documents very carefully and respectfully.
Christians pray together.
Christians preach honesty.
Christians prefer to ignore materialism.
Christians profess baptismal faith as they engage in discipleship in the world.
Christians progress out of their sins .
Christians provide various kinds of practical assistance to women faced with unexpected pregnancies.
Christians pursue pure character, righteous conduct and peace with one another.
Christians reach out to others seeking to share their victories with humble and loving attitudes.
Christians read the Bible in their services.
Christians realize that there is a moral standard that is superior to personal and community ethics.
Christians really enjoy the fellowship of mealtimes and have developed some most enjoyable recipes.
Christians really have a rich tradition of prayer.
Christians receive more than pagans.
Christians receive so many mixed messages about sexual orientation.
Christians recognize that no amount of good works is good enough to earn salvation.
Christians recognize that they are stewards of resources and lives.
Christians refer people they are trying to witness to to our site.
Christians refuse to stand up for what is right and what is just.
Christians reject the very existence of the idea of luck .
Christians remain a small minority of the total population.
Christians remain humans.
Christians remain sinners and daily acknowledge their sin.
Christians remember to take time to be with their community of faithful people, the church.
Christians represent more than one-third of the world s population.
Christians resist repentance.
Christians respond differently to crises, to daily routines, and to responsibilities.
Christians resting place is located in the new section, just down the hill from the Main section.
Christians return good for evil.
Christians run others down.
Christians say be reverent, full of awe and humble.
Christians say dumb things.
Christians say it is infallible, without error in the original text.
Christians say selfless.
Christians say sorry for Crusades.
Christians say thats so.
Christians say the supporters of sharia are endangering Nigeria's unity.
Christians see human nature as fixed and unchanging.
Christians see in Zion the prefigurement of the heavenly Jerusalem.
Christians see it, hate it, confess it and fight it.
Christians see no difficulty in the proximity of Christian and Jewish symbols.
Christians see resurrection as a fact.
Christians see the future as unlimited.
Christians see themselves in terms of their role in the organisation.
Christians seek the welfare of others, regardless of their religion.
Christians seem divided on the most appropriate way to respond to the Olympics.
Christians seem pretty quirky on the subject.
Christians seem to be a specific target of Israeli violence.
Christians seem to be the worst about inflaming an argument.
Christians seem to find a friend in the least likely of quarters.
Christians seem to have a hard time requesting prayer for personal matters of any kind.
Christians seem to like the idea because they think it's free money.
Christians seem to make poor speculators in the world of values.
Christians sees all of the progress as a means to encourage more involvement.
Christians set their affections on the things that are above.
Christians share the truth with the hell-bound perverts.
Christians shine as lights for understanding, guidance, warning and encouragement.
Christians shun possession.
Christians simply clash with evolution more often.
Christians simply crave the body.
Christians sing hymns.
Christians sit on untold quantities of wealth never before imagined.
Christians speak about the spirit.
Christians spend all their lives trying to learn to put off the old man and put on the new.
Christians spend seven times as much time on entertainment as they do on spiritual activities.
Christians stand in that same tradition.
Christians stand united against such atrocious attempts to curb religious freedom.
Christians still die, sometimes in horrible ways.
Christians still gather there.
Christians still have a bit to learn from Buddhists and others around the issue of suffering.
Christians still sin after their conversion.
Christians still stumble and sin.
Christians strive to live open moral lives, and are accused of secret vice.
Christians struggle in the gray areas.
Christians struggle with the doctrine of hell also.
Christians stunt their growth due to lack of subsistence.
Christians substitute service for authority and domination.
Christians suffer as much as anyone else.
Christians suffer for their faith.
Christians suffer much persecution and are kicked out from their homes when converted.
Christians suffer persecution at the hands of the government.
Christians support either school prayer or secularism.
Christians support the effort of the Jewish people to achieve a secure existence in their own state.
Christians support the government that guarantees their survival.
Christians surely grieve the loss of loved ones, just as nonbelievers do.
Christians take different positions on the issue.
Christians take note.
Christians take seriously the reality of evil in the world.
Christians take their marching orders from a different leader.
Christians take their stand in history.
Christians talk a lot about the old covenant and the new covenant.
Christians talk about humility and say it's better to serve than to be served.
Christians target online porn users.
Christians teach and practice moral purity.
Christians teach creation as a fact because the Bible teaches it.
Christians tell of sporadic incidents.
Christians tend to exhibit a lower birthrate than the Palestinian population at large.
Christians tend to remain piously quiet, albeit inwardly fuming.
Christians testify that personal inward assurance confers satisfying spiritual blessings.
Christians think about their use of time management for themselves, others and their church.
Christians think more in terms of holy communion.
Christians think of themselves as the good guys, standing up for what is right.
Christians think they are immune to the ego-inflating tendencies of politics.
Christians think they're eating ham sandwiches at the lunch counter.
Christians thrive in many denominations.
Christians thus come face to face with a great mystery.
Christians todayhave a responsibility to avoid the temptation of survivalism.
Christians too can encourage the growth of what is good wherever they live.
Christians traditionally believe that no human is without sin.
Christians travel in secret at night to avoid police when delivering Bibles.
Christians treasure life.
Christians typically have strong convictions and loyalties.
Christians underestimate the reality of their own sin.
Christians understand the importance of freedom.
Christians understand the shell to symbolize baptism.
Christians understand the threat of global climate change in the context of covenant.
Christians use biblical arguments both to support and criticize charismatic worship.
Christians use one of two calendars.
Christians use the medieval prayer house as a sanctuary for silent prayer and reflection.
Christians use the term born again to define the process .
Christians vary widely in worship.
Christians veer homosexuality as un-natural.
Christians view their workplace as a ministry post.
Christians visit the clinic with their children.
Christians wait until after the next full moon.
Christians walk a thin line all the time between self-confidence and despair.
Christians walk by faith.
Christians well know how much joy and gladness that consolation brings.
Christians whine about their image in politics.
Christians win either way.
Christians wonder why it is so hard to reach intellectuals and artists with the gospel.
Christians worldwide resist religious persecution.
Christians worry about the law s impact on their religious freedom.
Christians worship because it is the natural thing to do.
Christians worth their salt make others thirsty for the water of life.
Christians always confront worldly views.
Christians always have hope.
Christians always seem to want to predict exactly when the end of the world is near.
Christians always speak about saying their experience with others in order to preach their faith.
Christians often belittle themselves, render themselves useless in the Kingdom of God.
Christians often confuse organizational unity with spiritual unity.
Christians often face situations where no direct word speaks to an issue.
Christians often feel that a media bias marginalizes the faith-ful.
Christians often find themselves on opposite sides of controversial and sometimes painful issues.
Christians often jump immediately from biblical passages into political and social programs.
Christians often make becoming a Christian seem complicated.
Christians often make mention that a testament can be changed.
Christians often make mistakes.
Christians often mistake the Torah for being all there is to the Torah of Judaism.
Christians often perceive tithing as the ceiling for giving, but that is untrue.
Christians often resemble root bound plants.
Christians often say that art is the sign of spiritual humanity.
Christians often say that suffering is caused by people doing evil.
Christians often shoot their wounded as well.
Christians often talk as through the world is engulfed in a huge forest fire of wickedness.
Christians often teach that overthrusts look like the first diagram.
Christians often view sharing their faith as the dissemination of textbooks of information.
Christians sometimes suffer from a reluctance to get involved in personal evangelism.
Christians usually call their religious buildings churches.
Christians usually give up something of importance during that period.
All christians are slaves of the Most High.
All christians are welcome and encouraged to participate.
Many christians are aware that the end of the age is swiftly approaching.
Many christians are weak, timid, and divided from others.
Many christians describe the end of the world as the rapture, where people are taken up.
Most Christians always manage to see a hidden abstract meaning for the verses of the Bible.
Some christians have opinions that differ from the Bible.
Christians connections has resources, newsletters, people, prayer requests,retreats, and a job bank.
Christians today are basically very self-centered.
Christians today are from different sects and denominations.
Christians today are more informed than ever.
Christians today are the people who understand who man is.
Christians today are to do the same acts of worship on the same day.
Christians today face growing challenges to show that their faith is both relevant and credible.
Christians today fulfill the call to be healers in many different ways.
Christians today have unprecedented opportunities to witness beyond the walls of their churches.
Christians today look on marriage as an option.
Christians today lose their distinctiveness all to easily to a pagan culture.
Christians today seem to lack such boldness.
Christians today tend to fight the ongoing secularization of their holidays.
Christians today tend to look for immediate superficial happiness rather than eventual deep joy.
Christlike love is the only weapon against the egoism that can break up a marriage.
Chroma format Defines the number of chrominance blocks in a macroblock .
Chroma key is a video technique that combines layers of images.
Chroma key is supported so that a background can be underlaid behind the video scene.
A chroma is a property
Chroma chart representing the skin color of one individual.
Chroma corresponds to the intensity or purity of a color.
Chroma Displays a specific color of the content of the object as transparent.
Chroma indicates the degree of saturation of neutral gray by the spectral color.
Chroma indicates the intensity or purity of a color.
Chroma indicates the strength of the color.
Chroma is inherently a color application.
Chroma is on the horizontal axis of the constant hue segment .
Chroma is the brightness or the dullness of a color.
Chroma is the intensity of a color.
Chroma is the intensity or the saturation of hue found in a color.
Chroma is the quality that distinguishes a strong, dark color from a weak one.
Chroma is the relative purity or strength of the spectral color.
Chroma is the third dimension of color.
Chroma refers to the position of a tone within an octave and is, as such, repeatable or cyclic.
Chromas describe scale position without using specific frequencies.
Chromastrobic light changes color faster than the eye can see.
Chromastrobic light changes colour faster than the eye can see.
Chromate is salt
Chromate is salt.
Chromate isa salt.
Chromates are a worker hazard as suspected carcinogens.
Chromates are chemical conversion coatings.
Chromates are common primer pigments.
Chromates are generally bright yellow, while dichromates are generally orange or red.
Chromates are generally yellow.
Chromates are nonradioactive but can kill fish and harm humans if ingested.
Chromates are usually insoluble.
Chromates can cause cancer.
Chromates derive their intense hues from charge transfers between chromium and oxygen.
Chromates inhibit corrosion in a similar fashion.
Chromatic aberration arises because light slows down as it passes through a material.
Chromatic aberration can create luminance artifacts at isoluminous-colour borders.
Chromatic aberration causes the color of the cowstics to depend on the index of refraction.
Chromatic aberration is aberration.
Chromatic aberration is distortion
Chromatic aberration is effectively nil.
Chromatic aberration is mainly due to the water in the eye, which is the same from person to person.
Chromatic aberration is minimal and has never been in the slightest bit bothersome.
Chromatic aberration is the most difficult of the aberrations to correct.
Chromatic aberration looks like about two or three pixels on either side.
Chromatic effects are notable.
All chromatic functions are dependent upon the chord resolving logically.
Chromatic harmonica has a silky smooth sound and flawless intonation.
Chromatic induction describes the way adjacent colors alter the way the color itself is perceived.
Chromatic involution does however cancel out such temperature effects.
All chromatic notes are available if required.
A chromatic scale is musical notation
Chromatic scale Includes all twelve notes of an octave.
Chromatic scale is to be memorized.
Chromatic scales sound wonderfully smooth.
A chromaticity is a property
Chromaticity depends on dominant wavelength and saturation, and is independent of luminous energy.
Chromatid contamination can impair the purity of flow-sorted metaphase chromosomes.
A chromatid is a strand
Chromatid isa filament.
Chromatids are eukaryotic chromosomes.
Chromatids are flexible.
Chromatids are part of chromosomes.
Chromatids are present only in mitosis.
Chromatids are pulled apart.
Chromatids are seperated from each other.
Chromatids are the copies of a duplicated chromosome.
Chromatids become chromosomes when the centromeres split at the metaphase-anaphase transition.
Chromatids become two separate sets of DNA during the third step of mitosis.
Chromatids can exchange base pairs by crossing-over.
Chromatids cluster at the poles and fibers disappear.
Chromatids line up at the equator of the cell with sister chromatids at right angles to the spindle.
Chromatids move apart during anaphase by the spindle fibers.
Chromatids separate prior to being moved by the spindle apparatus to different regions of the cell.
All chromatids line up at the equator.
Chromatin condensation is observed as apoptotic bodies.
Chromatin structure determines the sites of chromosome breakages in Plasmodium falciparum.
Chromatin structure is thought to play a critical role in gene expression.
Chromatin attaches to the nuclear envelope or lamina.
Chromatin becomes hot in cancer pathogenesis and therapy.
Chromatin condenses to form chromosomes iii.
Chromatin consists primarily of a. carbohydrate b. lipid c. protein d.
Chromatin contains small amounts of other proteins besides histones and scaffold proteins.
Chromatin is a substance
Chromatin is organic matter.
Chromatin is part of chromosomes.
Chromatin is part of nucleuses.
Chromatin isa substance.
Chromatin refers to the complex of nucleic acids and proteins that make up chromosomes.
Chromatin shows coarse clumping.
Chromatin thickens into chromosomes And the nucleus fragments and the spindle forms.
Some chromatin has portions that begin to transcribe while the rest remains coiled.
Some chromatin is part of autosomes.
Some chromatin is part of axons.
Some chromatin is part of cells.
Some chromatin is part of choanocytes.
Some chromatin is part of chromosomes.
Some chromatin is part of dendrites.
Some chromatin is part of eggs.
Some chromatin is part of erythrocytes.
Some chromatin is part of gametes.
Some chromatin is part of leukocytes.
Some chromatin is part of lymphocytes.
Some chromatin is part of melanocytes.
Some chromatin is part of neurons.
Some chromatin is part of nits.
Some chromatin is part of nuclei.
Some chromatin is part of oocytes.
Some chromatin is part of osteoblasts.
Some chromatin is part of osteoclasts.
Some chromatin is part of osteocytes.
Some chromatin is part of ova.
Some chromatin is part of phagocytes.
Some chromatin is part of spawn.
Some chromatin is part of sperm.
Some chromatin is part of spermatids.
Some chromatin is part of spermatocytes.
Some chromatin is part of zygotes.
A chromatism is pigmentation
Chromatism is the rainbow-colored tinge around an object seen through a lens.
A chromatogram is a recording
Chromatograms show qualitative differences in chemistry between the corolla and nectar.
All chromatograms display here by default.
All chromatographic methods share the same basic principles and mode of operation.
Chromatography allows the distribution of the size of fragments to be determined.
Chromatography is an action
Chromatography is much used in biochemistry and analytical chemistry .
Chromatography is much used in biochemistry and analytical chemistry.
Chromatography is natural processes.
Chromatography is unique because of three reasons.
Chromatography needles standard and custom, non-coring point design and more.
Chromatography permits scientists to separate diverse mixtures of closely related compounds.
Chromatography separates molecules by their relative migration rates.
Chromatography separates phases dissolved in liquid.
Chromatography separates things dissolved in liquid.
Chromatography often involves laborious separations.
A chrome alum is a mordant
A chrome alum is salt
Chrome alum makes perfect sense in the path lab perhaps.
Chrome frame are models have black arms and black shroud as standard.
Chrome green is a mixture of chrome yellow and Prussian blue.
Chrome green is pigment
Chrome key has a person standing in front of a blue background while being videotaped.
Chrome ore is pelletized along with coke, binder and flux, and roasted in a rotary kiln.
Chrome pyrope is one of the more common accessory minerals frequently found in kimberlite.
Chrome vanadium is a special kind of steel formed by combining different alloys.
Chrome vanadium is formed by combining chemicals in different proportions.
Chrome yellow is a pigment color used in painting.
Chrome yellow is pigment
Chrome appearing scoops look very real and add a touch of class to any automobile.
Chrome comes in the same box as the gray.
Chrome comes with chrome nut and bolt.
Chrome covers the interior door handles for an additional touch of elegance.
Chrome covers the valves.
Chrome handle ontop helpful for carrying case to and from lan partys.
Chrome hydrate is used in bar soaps and eye shadow.
Chrome is by far the most durable plating.
Chrome is chromium
Chrome is chromium.
Chrome is solid metal.
Chrome is transition metal.
Chrome is video games.
Chrome lacks dimensional uniformity.
Chrome leaves an awful stink.
Chrome lining the bore is a waste of money.
Chrome manages settings on different layers.
Chrome needs redone but all intact.
Chrome offset handle, tunnel cover and boot and bezel included.
Chrome plating over brass is available on some pieces.
Chrome push button actuator.
Chrome railing in a multitude of sizes and combinations is stocked and readily available.
Chrome refers to an application's user interface elements, such as toolbars, menus and status bars.
Chrome rings around the dash gauges give the car a sporty retro look.
Chrome shines like new by using mist to light mix.
Chrome smells good.
Chrome sparkles like laughter.
Chrome spout attchment to faucet.
Chrome tends to discolor in time.
Chrome tie down hook on tail.
Chrome trim around the side windows adds a touch of elegance.
Chrome trim highlights the wheel arches, mirrors, and door handles.
Chrome Use the white ink option to keep the text visible on the black background.
Chromes are also excellent pre-separation proofs.
Chromes are easier to review.
Chromes have much less latitude.
All chrome is original except for the wheel well mouldings.
All chrome is straight and bright.
All chrome is triple-layer process with nickel base.
Most chrome is still present.
Chromed sections wear the guards faster and chrome plating is a very hazardous process.
Chromed wheels are available, metallic paint costs extra, and fog lights are optional.
Chromic acid can dissolve plastic containers.
Chromic acid can react violently with some organic materials.
Chromic acid is a hexavalent chromium compound.
Chromic acid is acid
Chromic acid is acid.
Chromic acid is also a respiratory irritant, whose short-term effects include coughing and wheezing.
Chromic acid is chemical compounds.
Chromic acid is produced by reacting sodium bichromate liquor with sulfuric acid.
Chromic acid is used for chrome plating, in the automotive industry, for example.
Chromic oxide is harder than iron or titanium.
Chromic oxide is used for plastics, paints, and tennis court coatings.
Chromic sludge is disposed in the on-site landfill.
Chromite isa mineral.
All chromium compounds have intense and varied colors.
Some chromium compounds change color.
Chromium deficiencies impair ability.
Chromium deficiency causes glucose intolerance.
Chromium deficiency causes high circulating insulin levels.
Chromium deficiency is most likely to occur in the elderly, pregnant women and athletes.
Chromium deficiency is very common.
Chromium deficiency leads to many health conditions.
Some chromium deficiencies lead to conditions.
Some chromium deficiencies lead to health conditions.
Some chromium deficiencies lead to many health conditions.
Chromium oxide mixed with other elements is used as a pigment in paints.
Chromium steel contains elements.
Most chromium steel contains elements.
Chromium decreases weight yet increases lean body mass.
Chromium has (part) atoms.
Chromium has values.
Chromium is chemical elements.
Chromium is metal
Chromium is metallic elements.
Chromium is transition metal.
Chromium isa metal.
Chromium oligopeptide activates insulin receptor kinase activity.
Chromium regulates sugar metabolism and insulin.
Chromium stimulates weight loss.
Chromium works best if taken before meals.
Chromium works closely with insulin to facilitate the uptake of glucose into cells.
Chromium works to metabolize sugar into energy and to bring protein to where it is needed.
Chromium works with insulin in assisting cells to take in glucose and release energy.
Most chromium has values.
Most chromium reaches the ground through gravity and air turbulence.
Chromoacetic acid is a good fixing agent.
A chromogen is a compound
Chromogens turn color as a result of enzyme activity.
Chromogenic films are black and white films based on color negative technology.
A chromophore is a radical
Chromophore means color bearing.
Chromophores absorb light energy from the various wavelengths with differing efficiencies.
Chromophores are atomic configurations which can alter the energy in delocalised systems.
Chromophores are generally groups of atoms having delocalized electrons.
Chromophores are groups.
Chromophores are part of dye.
Chromophores are things or materials that give proteins color.
Chromophores can absorb light at specific wavelengths and therefore cause colors.
Chromophores can absorb radiation in the visible or ultraviolet range, or both.
Chromoplast is a plastid
Chromoplast is plastids.
Chromoplast isa plastid.
Chromoplasts are found commonly in flowers and fruits.
Chromoplasts are red, orange or yellow coloured plastids.
Chromoplasts are red, yellow or orange in hue due to the cartenoid pigments they contain.
Chromoplasts contain carotene and xanthophyll pigments.
Chromoplasts contain grana.
Chromoplasts contain red or yellow xanthophyll pigments in large amounts.
Chromosomal abnormalities affect development.
Chromosomal abnormalities affect fetal development.
Chromosomal abnormalities are a common cause of neonatal death.
Chromosomal abnormalities are important diagnostic and prognostic findings.
Chromosomal abnormalities are more likely as women age.
Chromosomal abnormalities are the most common cause of spontaneous abortion.
Chromosomal abnormalities arise from spermatogenesises.
Chromosomal abnormalities can also play a role.
Chromosomal abnormalities give rise to specific physical features.
Chromosomal abnormalities zoom skyward with advancing maternal age.
Most chromosomal abnormalities affect development.
Most chromosomal abnormalities affect fetal development.
Most chromosomal abnormalities arise from spermatogenesises.
Most chromosomal abnormalities result from a faulty egg or sperm cell.
Chromosomal alterations are mutations that change chromosome structure.
Chromosomal alterations are mutations that change structure.
Chromosomal alterations happen in both mitosis and meiosis.
Chromosomal analyses provide knowledge.
Chromosomal analysis is advised, especially in the presence of associated anomalies.
Chromosomal analysis is available upon physician request.
Chromosomal analysis is performed at most large hospitals and some private labs.
Chromosomal analysis supports the molecular quality control of DNA preparations.
Most chromosomal analyses provide knowledge.
Chromosomal breakage is a feature.
Some chromosomal conditions are caused by changes in the number of chromosomes.
Chromosomal crossover is when two DNA helices break, swap a section and then rejoin.
Chromosomal damage can cause birth defects, including mental retardation.
Chromosomal damage is known to cause mongolism.
Chromosomal defects increase with increasing maternal age.
Most chromosomal defects occur during meiosis.
Chromosomal deletions affect brain development by altering the normal developmental pathway.
Chromosomal disorders are abnormalities in the number or structure of the chromosomes.
Chromosomal disorders involve extra, or missing chromosomes or rearranged pieces of chromosomes.
Most chromosomal disorders happen sporadically.
Chromosomal duplication accompanies allelic loss in non-small cell lung carcinoma.
Chromosomal inheritance is implicated.
Chromosomal rearrangements can establish postzygote isolation in a single step.
Chromosomal rearrangements contribute to speciation in two main ways.
Chromosomal rearrangements disrupt meiotic pairing, which can delete or duplicate genes.
Chromosomal rearrangements maintain a polymorphic supergene controlling butterfly mimicry.
Chromosomal structure provides the key to inheritance.
Chromosomal studies are pending.
Chromosomal translocation is a mechanism that is often observed in hematopoietic tumors.
Chromosomal translocations are less common.
Chromosome abnormalities are genetic conditions.
Chromosome abnormalities give rise to specific physical features.
Chromosome abnormalities identify high risk and low risk patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Chromosome abnormalities represent a significant clinical and social burden.
Most chromosome abnormalities are sporadic with a small to negligible risk of recurrence.
Most chromosome abnormalities occur as an accident and the chance of it happening again is low.
Chromosome analysis is done on cells from the tissue sample.
Chromosome analysis is done on samples of blood, bone marrow, amniotic fluid and other tissue.
Chromosome analysis is full of exceptions and results that can be difficult to interpret.
Chromosome analysis requires growing cells in culture and harvesting dividing cells.
Most chromosome anomalies result in the baby's miscarriage.
Chromosome disorders involve abnormalities in the number or structure of chromosomes.
Chromosome maps are accessible for the diseases featured on the site.
Chromosome number is doubled in the gametes.
Chromosome number is one way to identify a species.
Chromosome number is reduced during the first meiotic division.
Chromosome number is reduced.
Chromosome number varies considerably within the species.
Chromosome numbers follow the barley convention, with wheat homologs in parentheses.
Chromosome numbers vary regionally.
Some chromosome numbers have similarity.
Chromosome painting is a grosser use of the fluorescent localization technique.
Chromosome problems seem to lead the list.
Chromosome scaffolds have gaps.
Chromosome segregation occurs during mitosis and meiosis .
Chromosome translocations are a form of genome instability found in many types of cancer.
Chromosome translocations occur in many different tumors.
A chromosome is a body
Chromosome analyses in chronic lymphocytic leukemia and related B-cell neoplasms.
Chromosome counts for Mexican ferns.
Chromosome ends catch fire.
Chromosome isa object.
Chromosome pairing occurs only in meiosis.
Chromosome refers to the structure in a cell nucleus that carries the genes.
Chromosome refers to the two chromosomes separating and moving to opposite ends of the cell.
Chromosome reports for Asteraceae.
Chromosomes again become thicker and shorter.
Chromosomes align along the metaphase plate matched with their homologous partner.
Chromosomes align at the equatorial plate.
Chromosomes align on equator.
Chromosomes align singly on the metaphase plate.
Chromosomes also become visible when the nuclei divide.
Chromosomes also change through time when markers called telomeres are added to their ends.
Chromosomes also condense in preparation for cell division .
Chromosomes are a set of instructions which tell the cell how to work.
Chromosomes are associated with histone proteins.
Chromosomes are bodies.
Chromosomes are circular and are the main site of genetic information.
Chromosomes are coiled structures made of and proteins.
Chromosomes are coiled structures made of DNA and proteins.
Chromosomes are composed of DNA, a very long, linear molecule.
Chromosomes are copied and stored in germ cells.
Chromosomes are DNA-containing morphological structures in cell nucleus.
Chromosomes are duplicated during interphase.
Chromosomes are expressed in a pair of letters, called alleles.
Chromosomes are extremely complex.
Chromosomes are found in different locations of a cell depending on the organism.
Chromosomes are found in the center, or nucleus, of all of our cells, including the eggs and sperm.
Chromosomes are further sub-divided into many bands that are numbered.
Chromosomes are huge molecules containing many genes.
Chromosomes are in the form of chrmatin.
Chromosomes are individual, large DNA molecules in a cell nucleus.
Chromosomes are labeled in red, and mitotic spindle fibers in green.
Chromosomes are labile enough that genes can be transferred piecemeal from different places.
Chromosomes are large enough to be seen under a microscope.
Chromosomes are linear in form, and for that reason, so are gene maps.
Chromosomes are located in the nuclei of most eukaryotic cells.
Chromosomes are long stretches of amino acids.
Chromosomes are made up of chromatin, which is made up of protein and deoxyribonucleic acid strands.
Chromosomes are made up of compacted chromatin.
Chromosomes are made up of DNA and protein combined as chromatin.
Chromosomes are made up of DNA and protein molecules.
Chromosomes are metacentric if the centromere lies in the middle of the chromosome.
Chromosomes are microscopic messengers that contain all of the genetic information in our cells.
Chromosomes are microscopic rod-shaped bodies which carry genes.
Chromosomes are microscopically small, rod-shaped structures which carry the genes.
Chromosomes are molecules of DNA complexed with proteins.
Chromosomes are organized structures of DNA and proteins that are found in cells.
Chromosomes are packages of genetic information found in every cell of the body.
Chromosomes are part of nucleuses.
Chromosomes are part of the cell nucleus.
Chromosomes are passed down from generation to generation through the egg and sperm.
Chromosomes are paternal and maternal, triploid.
Chromosomes are pieces of DNA that code for the genes in the genome.
Chromosomes are present in every cell nucleus with very few and special exceptions.
Chromosomes are readily visible.
Chromosomes are responsible for passing on hereditary traits from parents to child.
Chromosomes are rod-like structures containing DNA and protein located in the cell nucleus.
Chromosomes are rope-like structures made up of genes laid out in a series.
Chromosomes are small thread-like structures that carry the genetic information within the nucleus.
Chromosomes are small, irregularly shaped and difficult to count.
Chromosomes are stained purple.
Chromosomes are strands of DNA coiled around proteins.
Chromosomes are strings of DNA and serves as a model for the whole organism.
Chromosomes are strings of genes, covered by a protein coat.
Chromosomes are structures carried inside each of our cells.
Chromosomes are the blueprint for how a body s cells develop and function.
Chromosomes are the bodies along which genes are arranged in a linear order.
Chromosomes are the carriers of genetic information in the plant cell.
Chromosomes are the carriers of hereditary material.
Chromosomes are the carriers of hereditory characters.
Chromosomes are the extended molecules of DNA that carry genes in both bacteria and eukaryotes.
Chromosomes are the materials that store people's genetic information.
Chromosomes are the materials within human cells that contain our genes.
Chromosomes are the microscopic rods that hold genes.
Chromosomes are the microscopic structures that carry an organism's genes.
Chromosomes are the package for DNA and genes.
Chromosomes are the physical structures in each cell of each organism that carry the genes.
Chromosomes are the structures containing the genes necessary for survival.
Chromosomes are the structures inside cells that contain genes.
Chromosomes are the structures that carry the genes.
Chromosomes are the structures that hold our genes.
Chromosomes are the tiny pieces of DNA in each cell of the body that carry the genes.
Chromosomes are the tiny structures on which our genes are located.
Chromosomes are thin strands of DNA, the genetic material that determines hereditary makeup.
Chromosomes are thin strands of genetic material found in cell nuclei.
Chromosomes are thin strands of material found in the nucleus of each cell.
Chromosomes are thread like structures present in the nucleus of the cell.
Chromosomes are threadlike collections of genes.
Chromosomes are threadlike parts of cells that carry the genes.
Chromosomes are threadlike structures found in every cell of the body.
Chromosomes are threadlike structures inside each cell.
Chromosomes are thread-like structures located inside the nucleus of animal and plant cells.
Chromosomes are threadlike structures present within the nuclei of cells.
Chromosomes are uncoiled and very thin.
Chromosomes are units involved in inheritance.
Chromosomes are units of genetic information in the cells of the body.
Chromosomes are units of genetic information.
Chromosomes are unrelated to eye color in Drosophila.
Chromosomes are visible in cells during cell division.
Chromosomes are visible only under magnification during certain stages of cell division.
Chromosomes are where the genetic information is stored.
Chromosomes are yet another way that make salmon unique.
Chromosomes arrange themselves independently along the middle of the cell just before it divides.
Chromosomes arrive at the spindle poles.
Chromosomes arrive at the spindle pores.
Chromosomes assort independently during meiosis.
Chromosomes attach to the mitotic spindle with microtubule assemblies called kinetochores.
Chromosomes attach to the spindle by their centromeres.
Chromosomes become longer, thinner and more compact.
Chromosomes become shorter and thicker.
Chromosomes become thicker and shorter, and are now easier to see.
Chromosomes become visible under the microscope during mitosis and meiosis.
Chromosomes begin to appear, and spindle fibers begin to form from two centrioles.
Chromosomes begin to condense.
Chromosomes begin to move around in jerky movements.
Chromosomes begin to uncoil and form chromatin.
Chromosomes begin to uncoil.
Chromosomes begin uncoiling.
Chromosomes can apparently revert to a primitive stage.
Chromosomes can vary in size and shape.
Chromosomes carry genes and function in the transmission of hereditary information.
Chromosomes carry genes and genes make proteins.
Chromosomes carry genes that control the characteristics of the body.
Chromosomes carry genes, smaller units that contain DNA, the code of life.
Chromosomes carry genes.
Chromosomes carry information that determines traits.
Chromosomes carry the essential genetic information of each cell.
Chromosomes carry the genes that determine genetic traits.
Chromosomes carry the information required for life under all conditions.
Chromosomes cluster at the middle of the cell ii.
Chromosomes come in pairs in the cell's nucleus.
Chromosomes come in pairs, and there are hundreds, sometimes thousands, of genes in one chromosome.
Chromosomes come in pairs.
Chromosomes condense and mitoric spindle forms.
Chromosomes condense and mitotic spindle begins to form from the centrosomes.
Chromosomes condense further until they are distinct structures that can be seen with a microscope.
Chromosomes condense into visible, thread-like structures.
Chromosomes condense, become visible.
Chromosomes condense, the nuclear membrane breaks down, and the spindle forms.
Chromosomes consist of both DNA and protein.
Chromosomes consist of DNA and protein.
Chromosomes consist of long strands of DNA that typcially code for proteins.
Chromosomes consist of two chromotids held together by a centromere.
Chromosomes contain almost all of the genetic information that determines inheritance.
Chromosomes contain both DNA and proteins.
Chromosomes contain DNA, sequences of which make up the genes.
Chromosomes contain genes which are the basic units of inheritance.
Chromosomes contain genes, each encoded as a subsection of the DNA chain.
Chromosomes contain genetic information which determines the characteristics of the plant.
Chromosomes contain genetic information.
Chromosomes contain many genes, and each gene is responsible for determining part of all of a trait.
Chromosomes contain many genes.
Chromosomes contain our DNA or genetic makeup.
Chromosomes contain the hereditary information of the cell.
Chromosomes contains instructions to grow a network from an initial seed.
Chromosomes determine our eye color and height, as well as other traits.
Chromosomes determine sex in many species.
Chromosomes disappear as chromatin becomes diffuse.
Chromosomes duplicate before mitosis.
Chromosomes duplicate just before nuclear division.
Chromosomes duplicate prior to cell division when forming new skin cells for reproduction.
Chromosomes end in tied loops, study finds.
Chromosomes exhibit preferential positioning in quiescent human cells.
Chromosomes exist in different states throughout the cell cycle.
Chromosomes exist in pairs in body cells.
Chromosomes exist in pairs in higher eukaryotes.
Chromosomes exist in pairs in higher plants and animals.
Chromosomes exist in pairs in individual animals.
Chromosomes exist in pairs.
Chromosomes finish moving to opposite poles of the spindle apparatus.
Chromosomes form during metaphase.
Chromosomes form the backdrop for each image.
Chromosomes gather at opposite ends and new nuclear envelope forms.
Chromosomes gather at the poles.
Chromosomes gradually shorten and thicken, and become visible as double stranded chromosomes.
Chromosomes have (part) centromeres.
Chromosomes have (part) chomatids.
Chromosomes have (part) chromatin.
Chromosomes have (part) corpi.
Chromosomes have (part) genes.
Chromosomes have (part) sections.
Chromosomes have a particular structure.
Chromosomes have many different functions.
Chromosomes have no conscience.
Chromosomes have two chromatids.
Chromosomes have various shapes and lengths, but each species has a specific pattern of chromosomes.
Chromosomes heal by acquisition of new telomeres.
Chromosomes lack histones and are always condensed.
Chromosomes leave the nucleus during interphase.
Chromosomes lengthen and become linear chromatin again.
Chromosomes line up along the center of the cell.
Chromosomes line up at the equator of the cell during metaphase.
Chromosomes line up in center, spindle fibers connect to each chromosome at the centromere.
Chromosomes line up individually on the equator.
Chromosomes line up on spindle in center of cell.
Chromosomes line up on the equatorial plate.
Chromosomes line up precisely at the midline of the spindle.
Chromosomes line up.
Chromosomes mostly come in pairs like a pair of strings of beads of the same length.
Chromosomes move to equatorial plane.
Chromosomes move to spindle equator, centromeres attached to spindle fibres.
Chromosomes move to the equator of the cell before splitting.
Chromosomes move to the metaphase plate , the plane equidistant between the spindle poles.
Chromosomes move to the metaphase plate, the plane equidistant between the spindle .
Chromosomes move toward the poles of the cell.
Chromosomes occur in pairs in body cells.
Chromosomes occur in pairs, with a copy of a given gene on each chromosome.
Chromosomes occur in pairs.
Chromosomes remain condensed during interphase.
Chromosomes replicate a.
Chromosomes replicate as in mitosis.
Chromosomes replicate during interphase and are double stranded at the beginning of mitosis.
Chromosomes replicate in uncondensed state and form sister chromatids in the partent cell.
Chromosomes segregate to daughter cells during interphase.
Chromosomes shorten and thicken with the spindle apparatus being formed.
Chromosomes shorten every cell division.
Chromosomes show a tendency to spontaneous abnormalities including breaks and complex rearrangement.
Chromosomes show evidence of physical exchange.
Chromosomes show plants' secret complexity.
Chromosomes slowly lose base pairs at the end of their strands during replication.
Chromosomes start to attach to spindle at their centromeres.
Chromosomes start to attach to spindle.
Chromosomes store and transmit genetic information.
Chromosomes take different shapes in different types of organisms.
Chromosomes take the lead in spindle assembly.
Chromosomes thus transmit the genes of the organism from one generation to the next.
Chromosomes vary in number and shape among living things.
Chromosomes vary in number within the same species, making genetic variability certain.
Chromosomes vary in size and in shape.
Chromosomes vary widely between different organisms.
Chromosomes vary widely in the number of genes they contain.
Chromosomes always come in pairs.
All chromosomes appear normal.
Every chromosome contains DNA, the genetic material that is unique for each living creature.
Every chromosome has a particular banding pattern.
Every chromosome has a twin that resembles it in length and centromere position.
Every chromosome is composed of many units called genes which determine the body s functions.
Many chromosomes have clear constrictions in their rods.
Most chromosomes have regions that are very tightly condensed.
Most chromosomes have some genes that are potentially harmful or even deadly.
Some chromosomes are much longer than others.
Some chromosomes are part of axons.
Some chromosomes are part of cells.
Some chromosomes are part of choanocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of dendrites.
Some chromosomes are part of eggs.
Some chromosomes are part of erythrocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of gametes.
Some chromosomes are part of leukocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of lymphocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of melanocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of neurons.
Some chromosomes are part of nits.
Some chromosomes are part of nuclei.
Some chromosomes are part of oocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of osteoblasts.
Some chromosomes are part of osteoclasts.
Some chromosomes are part of osteocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of ova.
Some chromosomes are part of phagocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of spawn.
Some chromosomes are part of sperm.
Some chromosomes are part of spermatids.
Some chromosomes are part of spermatocytes.
Some chromosomes are part of zygotes.
Some chromosomes have a higher density of genes than others.
Chromtic involution serves the art-theoretical analysis of pictures.
Chronic abscesses can also occur.
Chronic absenteeism impacts on academic achievement.
Chronic absenteeism is a behavior that is highly associated with dropping out of school.
Chronic absenteeism is a prescription for certain failure in the course.
Chronic abuse can cause neurological damage, kidney or liver failure, paralysis and death.
Chronic abuse can cause severe, permanent brain damage.
Chronic abuse can lead to marked tolerance and psychic dependence.
Chronic abuse can lead to psychosis, paranoia and aggressive behaviour.
Chronic abuse can lead to psychotic episodes and violent behavior.
Chronic abuse can lead to violent behavior.
Chronic abuse can result in addiction and retardive dyskinnesia.
Chronic abuse can result in addiction and tardive dyskinnesia.
Chronic abuse causes serious psychological harm.
Chronic abuse produces a psychosis similar to schizophrenia.
Chronic abusers can become deaf.
Chronic abusers display a typical pattern following physical abuse episodes.
Chronic abusers experience tremors and uncontrollable shaking.
Many chronic abusers quit school because marijuana reduces energy and ambition.
Chronic activation damages the immune system further and propagates the infection.
Chronic administration is associated with hyperglycemia .
Most chronic ailments have a poor nutrition component to it.
Chronic alcohol speeds metabolism of the drug.
Chronic alcoholics have a high risk of getting both kidney and liver failure.
Most chronic alcoholics become amenorrheic.
Chronic alcoholism can also cause weakening of the blood vessels that cause a hemorrhagic stroke.
Chronic alcoholism can also impair mental faculties, particularly memory for recent events.
Chronic alcoholism can be cause for significant bone loss.
Chronic alcoholism damages the brain, liver, heart, and other organs.
Chronic alcoholism impairs the sexual functioning due to many causes.
Chronic alcoholism increases the induction dose of propofol in humans.
Chronic alcoholism is a frequent cause of low calcium and magnesium levels.
Chronic alcoholism is associated with ovulatory failure, early menopause and menstrual disturbances.
Chronic alcoholism leads to liver disease.
Chronic alcoholism occurs when there are both physical and psychological addictions.
Chronic anemia causes reduced energy and growth is retarded.
Chronic anemia occurs over a long period of time.
Chronic anemia occurs when there are persistent low red blood cells or hemoglobin.
Chronic anemia reduces energy and growth is retarded.
Chronic anger is costly, both emotionally and physically.
Chronic anticoagulation is required, as there is a risk of blood clots forming in the atria.
Chronic anxiety can be a truly awful experience for a person, and some suffer needlessly from it.
Chronic anxiety can lead to various somatic alterations.
Chronic anxiety is always present.
Chronic anxiety is more general and milder.
Chronic anxiety is usually a milder more generalized problem.
Chronic appendicitis is an on again, off again type of problem.
Chronic appendicitis is rare.
Chronic arrhythmias can also precipitate failure.
Chronic arthropathy is very rare.
Chronic asthma occurs whenever sufferers are repeatedly exposed to a trigger.
Chronic asthma produces symptoms on a frequent basis, in some cases almost constantly.
Chronic backache can be a crippling disease.
Chronic backache is the number one reason for early retirement in every industrial country.
Chronic body pains from old injuries, bad posture habits, and emotional trauma diminish.
Chronic bronchitis alters the pattern of aerosol desposition in the lung.
Chronic bronchitis can be a serious disease and very debilitating.
Chronic bronchitis can be life-threatening.
Chronic bronchitis can develop from repeated exposure to chemicals that irritate the lungs.
Chronic bronchitis can injure cilia action and increase the risk for bacterial infection.
Chronic bronchitis can last for months and is usually caused by smoking or environmental pollution.
Chronic bronchitis can lead to emphysema - another lung disease.
Chronic bronchitis can occur alone, or with emphysema.
Chronic bronchitis can overlap with clinical features of emphysema and bronchial asthma.
Chronic bronchitis can progress to a life-threatening lung disease, emphysema.
Chronic bronchitis can progress to emphysema.
Chronic bronchitis consists of chronic cough for most of the days in a few months out of the year.
Chronic bronchitis involves coughing up mucus nearly every day for months or years.
Chronic bronchitis is a common ailment for smokers.
Chronic bronchitis is a long-term condition of excessive bronchial mucus with a productive cough .
Chronic bronchitis is a lung disease caused primarily by smoking and pollution.
Chronic bronchitis is also more common in women, than men.
Chronic bronchitis is an infectious condition.
Chronic bronchitis is an inflammation and eventual scarring of the lining of the bronchial tubes.
Chronic bronchitis is an inflammation of the lining of the bronchial tubes.
Chronic bronchitis is an inflammation, or irritation, of the airways in the lungs.
Chronic bronchitis is basically a preventable disease being rare in the non-smoker.
Chronic bronchitis is bronchitis
Chronic bronchitis is caused by small abnormalities in the airways.
Chronic bronchitis is mainly a disease of smokers.
Chronic bronchitis is persistent inflammation of the bronchial mucosa.
Chronic bronchitis is the seventh most prevalent of all chronic conditions.
Chronic bronchitis is thought to be very common, predominantly among cigarette smokers.
Chronic bronchitis is usually the result of many bouts of acute bronchitis.
Chronic bronchitis lasts three months or more, and symptoms can return year after year.
Chronic bronchitis occurs when the bronchial tubes in the lungs become inflamed.
Chronic bursitis is usually pretty easy to diagnose without any special tests.
Chronic carriers are at risk for cirrhosis of the liver, liver cancer, and death.
Chronic carriers are highly infectious.
Chronic carriers are the ones most at risk of serious liver complications later in life.
Chronic carriers can develop chronic liver disease, cirrhosis of the liver, or primary liver cancer.
Chronic carriers have the potential to spread the disease to others, including their partners.
Chronic cases are almost always secondary to some other disorder in the urinary tract.
Chronic cases are difficult on account of visceral adhesions.
Chronic cases are difficult to cure.
Chronic cases are often refractory to aggressive treatment.
Chronic cases can lead to scarring of the liver, called cirrhosis, and liver cancer.
Chronic cases can result from persistent irritation of the affected nerve.
Chronic cases can result in paranoia, hallucinations and impotence.
Chronic cases do very well with surgery.
Chronic cases have slightly swollen quarters and small flakes in milk.
Chronic cases respond much more slowly and require longer periods of treatment.
Chronic cases result from small daily doses over a period of weeks or months.
More chronic cases can leave permanent problems.
Most chronic cases require treatments twice a day.
Chronic cervicitis is common in women following childbirth.
Chronic cervicitis is quite common.
Chronic changes are the result of persistent hyperuricemia and recurrent acute attacks of gout.
Chronic chargers are really the concern here.
Chronic cholecystitis is most common in the elderly.
Chronic cholestasis can lead to malabsorption of fat soluble vitamins due to lack of bile salts.
Chronic cocaine snorting often causes stuffiness, runny nose, eczema around the nostrils.
Chronic coccidiosis is one of the main causes of poor growth in kids.
Chronic code is capable of arbitrary low-level manipulations, yet unprecedentedly brief and clear.
Chronic colitis can go on for several years or perhaps a lifetime.
Chronic compensation leads to injury.
Chronic complications tend to be microvascular or macrovascular.
Chronic concerns can negatively affect health.
Chronic conditions are a leading cause of death as well as morbidity.
Chronic conditions are family conditions.
Chronic conditions are incurable.
Chronic conditions are medical conditions.
Chronic conditions are much more complex than just pain control.
Chronic conditions are subject to periods of spontaneous remission.
Chronic conditions can take longer to improve.
Chronic conditions require more.
Chronic conditions respond.
Chronic conditions take longer to improve than a recent ailment.
Chronic conditions tax the immune system.
Every chronic condition is different.
Many chronic conditions are also on the rise.
Chronic conjunctivitis can lead to symblepharon, keratoconjunctivitis sicca, and trichiasis.
Chronic constipation is the root of hundreds of ailments.
Chronic constipation makes one more susceptible to urinary tract infections.
Chronic constipation needs more careful evaluation.
Chronic constipation suggests hemorrhoidal bleeding.
Chronic cough affects thousands of people from throughout the region.
Chronic cough can sometimes be due to more than one condition.
Chronic cough is a symptom of several different conditions.
Chronic cough is also a common symptom.
Chronic cough is the most common symptom.
Chronic criteria provide the maximum allowable concentration assuming repeated long-term exposure.
Chronic criticism becomes a way of life and a critical spirit leads to much disappointment.
Chronic cynicism is a devastating disease.
Chronic damage is more difficult to diagnose and evaluate.
Many chronic debtors are in hock up to their eyeballs to credit card companies.
Chronic defeatism is as much our aesthetic as our curse.
Chronic deficiencies can cause serious problems ranging from senility to reduction in immunity.
Chronic dehydration can cause symptoms that mimic disease.
Chronic dehydration takes the greatest toll on kidney function.
Chronic dehydration taxes the kidneys, and can contribute to kidney failure at fairly young ages.
Chronic depression displaces good spirits in a formerly fun-loving partner.
Chronic depression is a debilitating and often life-threatening disorder.
Chronic depression is a frequent companion to anxiety disorders.
Chronic depression is a local chemical condition.
Chronic depression is an episode of major depression that persists more than two years.
Chronic depression is another symptom of soul loss.
Chronic depression is common, leading to functional physical symptoms.
Chronic depression is never normal.
Chronic depression is the same kind of problem.
Chronic depression is widespread, and people are under severe emotional strain.
Chronic depression results from faulty thinking and false beliefs about oneself.
Chronic depressions are often without known cause.
Chronic dermatitis refers to a longstanding irritable area.
Chronic dialysis is also a risk factor.
Chronic diarrhea can be due to a large number of reasons.
Chronic diarrhea can cause failure to thrive.
Chronic diarrhea can last weeks or months and contributes to wasting and malnutrition.
Chronic diarrhea can result in serious illness.
Chronic diarrhea causes hemorrhoids by the same mechanism.
Chronic diarrhea has many causes.
Chronic diarrhea increases loss of vitamin C in the stool.
Chronic diarrhea is a common sign of allergy to milk.
Chronic diarrhea is a symptom which makes it virtually impossible for anyone to do any kind of job.
Chronic diarrhea is a young adult, minimal symptoms, no travel, no meds.
Chronic diarrhea is common in all three syndromes.
Chronic diarrhea is manifested in different ways in the human body.
Chronic diarrhea is one of the most frequent gastrointestinal complaints brought to pediatricians.
Chronic diarrhea is the most common symptom.
Many chronic disabilities come on gradually.
Chronic disease can cause severe liver fibrosis and liver failure.
Chronic disease can even last for a lifetime.
Chronic disease can severely limit genetic capability.
Chronic disease has an excessive impact on minority populations.
Chronic disease has personal, occupational, and financial costs.
Chronic disease is an etiologically-centred universe.
Chronic disease is recognised as the human condition.
Chronic disease leads to functional decline and disability.
Chronic disease reduces immune function, ie., diabetes.
Chronic disease requires both acute and long term care services.
Chronic disease tends to burn out with age.
Chronic disease tends to fade with age.
Chronic disease wreaks havoc on the American populace.
Chronic diseases affect a large proportion of the elderly and are a major public health burden.
Chronic diseases are a community-wide burden.
Chronic diseases are actually multifactorial.
Chronic diseases are hard on the body.
Chronic diseases are now the major cause of death and disability worldwide.
Chronic diseases are often diet-related, and they start building up early.
Chronic diseases are often multifactorial, with established noninfectious risk factors.
Chronic diseases bring different challenges to health care.
Chronic diseases can reduce efficiency and increase costs.
Chronic diseases can take their toll on mother and baby.
Chronic diseases develop slowly.
Chronic diseases do often stem from infections.
Chronic diseases have significant impact on the health status for the censored cases.
Chronic diseases have their origin in food allergies.
Chronic diseases pose a significant burden in mortality, morbidity, financial, and social cost.
Chronic diseases progress slowly and are of long duration.
Chronic diseases rare in hunter- gatherer societies.
All chronic diseases are acute diseases that have been suppressed.
Any chronic disease affecting the heart, kidneys, gut, and other organs can result in fatigue.
Many chronic diseases begin during periods of nutritional deficiencies.
Many chronic diseases can interfere with the production of red blood cells and result in anemia.
Many chronic diseases have an environmental component.
Many chronic diseases have their start due to the condition of the mouth and teeth.
Many chronic diseases result from the overproduction or underproduction of dopamine.
Most chronic diseases originate within our genetic makeup.
All chronic disorders take an emotional toll.
Chronic dissatisfaction is at the heart of the matter.
Chronic drinkers are likely to become physically and psychologically dependent.
Chronic dysphoria is common.
Chronic dysplasia can develop in dogs less than one year old or it can take many years to occur.
Chronic edema can lead to ulceration.
Chronic effects are also limited to high doses.
Chronic effects are difficult to recognize and even more difficult to trace.
Chronic effects are emphysema and kidney damage.
Chronic effects are gradual and occur through repeated exposure over an extended period of time.
Chronic effects are long term and persistent effects of chemical exposure.
Chronic effects are much different.
Chronic effects are the results of an accumulated dose of radiation over longer periods of time.
Chronic effects can be a result of exposure to multiple low-level doses.
Chronic effects develop over time from exposure to low levels of pesticides.
Chronic effects occur after some delay or after a long period of chronic exposure.
Chronic effects occur after weeks or years of exposure or long after initial exposure to PCBs.
Chronic effects result from exposure to a substance over a period of weeks or years.
Chronic effects result from exposure to a substance over weeks or years.
Chronic endometritis is likely to be a cause in longstanding infertility.
Chronic exercise prevents characteristic age-related changes in rat cardiac contraction.
Chronic exophthalmos can result in exposure keratitis.
Chronic exposure can also cause sloughing of nasal mucosa.
Chronic exposure can cause permanent damage to the alveoli of the lungs.
Chronic exposure can damage the kidneys, liver, and lungs.
Chronic exposure can lead to chronic bronchitis, wheezing, and build-up of fluid in the lungs.
Chronic exposure can lead to chronic lung changes evident on chest x-ray .
Chronic exposure can produce damage to the liver and kidneys.
Chronic exposure can produce significant damage to the heart, lungs, liver, and kidneys.
Chronic exposure can result in dermatitis and system effects.
Chronic exposure can result in perforation of the nasal septum.
Chronic exposure causes fluorosis with symptoms of weight loss, malaise, and anemia.
Chronic exposure causes weakness, pain in the extremities and hair loss.
Chronic exposure damages the thyroid gland and nervous system.
Chronic exposure is exposure spread over a longer period of time.
Chronic exposure is linked to kidney, reproductive and neurological disease.
Chronic exposure is over a long period is usually necessary to experience a risk to health.
Chronic exposure occurs over weeks or months.
Chronic exposure produces alopecia, peripheral neuropathy, seizures, and renal failure.
Chronic exposure produces peripheral neuropathy.
Chronic exposures can also occur at home.
Chronic exposures can cause liver damage.
Chronic exposures tend to require more in-depth care beyond advice over the telephone.
Chronic fasciolosis is diagnosed by demonstration of fluke eggs in faecal samples.
Chronic fatigue can be a sign of illness.
Chronic fatigue can lead to other body breakdowns and disease.
Chronic fatigue is a lifestyle disorder.
Chronic fatigue is another consequence of the drive to accomplish too much.
Chronic fatigue is long lasting.
Chronic fatigue is often a medical challenge because there are no definitive tests for it.
Chronic fatigue is one of the main symptoms of burnout.
Chronic fatigue is the most common problem heard by physicians today.
Chronic fatigue is typical.
Chronic fatigue is very similar to fibromyalgia.
Chronic fatigue occurs in many clinical situations and is a sequela of many treatment modalities.
Chronic fatigue syndromes in clinical practice.
Chronic fissures require surgical intervention.
Chronic form differs only in degree.
Chronic form has intermittent symptoms.
Chronic form is usually diathetic, due to struma, gout, rheumatism, etc.
Chronic forms are more common than acute forms.
Chronic forms develop somewhat more slowly.
Chronic forms do exist, sometimes together with vasculitis.
Chronic frustration is another state of being altogether.
Chronic gastritis develops over a longer period.
Chronic gastritis is a common inflammatory disease that causes precancerous lesions of the stomach.
Chronic gastritis is gastritis
Chronic gastritis is gastritis.
Chronic gastritis is inflammation of the stomach lining.
Chronic gastritis is one of the most common diseases in the world.
Chronic gastritis starts up in the regular toper, causing a thickening of the mucous membrane.
Chronic gingivitis can lead to a more serious condition called periodontitis.
Chronic gingivitis is inflammation that has been present for some time.
Chronic glaucoma becomes much more common with increasing age.
Chronic glaucoma causes no pain.
Chronic glaucoma is caused by an eye that went untreated in the very early stages.
Chronic glaucoma is glaucoma
Chronic glaucoma is glaucoma.
Chronic glaucoma is more common with aging and is seen primarily in patients over fifty years old.
Chronic glaucoma is the most common form of the condition.
Chronic glaucoma progresses very slowly.
Chronic glaucoma tends to develop very slowly.
Chronic gout is characterized by chronic arthritis, with soreness and aching of joints.
Chronic gout is rare with treatments that are now available.
Chronic grief is common in people who delay the bereavement process.
Chronic gynecomastia is usually asymptomatic.
Chronic halitosis occurs all the time.
Chronic hangovers can evolve into such diseases as cirrhosis of the liver.
Chronic headache is a complex health problem, often frustrating to diagnose and treat.
Chronic headache requires continued therapy if treatment is to be successful.
Chronic headaches can virtually destroy families and relationships.
Chronic hepatitis can damage the liver so much that it can no longer function properly.
Chronic hepatitis can last for many years, and can result in permanent liver damage.
Chronic hepatitis can lead to cirrhosis and liver cancer.
Chronic hepatitis can lead to severe destruction and scarring of the liver.
Chronic hives are totally unnecessary.
Chronic hives come and go for a long time.
Chronic hunger derives from low real incomes.
Chronic hunger has an economic impact as well.
Chronic hunger is a serious concern.
Chronic hunger is both a cause and effect of poverty, the paper states.
Chronic hunger is fundamentally a problem of low real incomes, in both rural and urban areas.
Chronic hydronephrosis is corrected by treating the cause and by relieving the urinary obstruction.
Chronic hypercalciuria can contribute to osteoporosis, particularly in men.
Chronic hyperglycemia can damage the eyes, kidneys, nerves, heart, and blood vessels.
Chronic hyperglycemia causes debilitating symptoms .
Chronic hyperglycemia causes debilitating symptoms.
Chronic hyperglycemia is associated with impaired glucose influence on insulin secretion.
Chronic hypertension can increase the risk of a woman s developing pre-eclampsia in pregnancy.
Chronic hypertension is another example.
Chronic hypertension is one of the major diseases in western societies.
Chronic hypertension runs in the family.
Chronic hypoglycemia is discussed later.
Chronic hypokalemia can cause an irregular heartbeat, which can lead to heart failure and death.
Chronic hypothermia is the slow lowering of the body's core temp.
Chronic hypothermia is the slow lowering of the body's core temperature.
Chronic hypoxia decreases KV channel expression and function in pulmonary artery myocytes.
Chronic hypoxia diminishes pregnancy-associated DNA synthesis in guinea pig uteroplacental arteries.
Chronic illness affects both mind and body.
Chronic illness brings unwanted changes.
Chronic illness can be overwhelming.
Chronic illness can interfere with a healthy sex life.
Chronic illness consumes an increasingly large percent of the health care dollar.
Chronic illness has that affect.
Chronic illness has vast cost, a study finds.
Chronic illness includes dependence on alcohol and drugs.
Chronic illness increases dramatically with age.
Chronic illness is a source of crisis for the afflicted person.
Chronic illness is another paradox.
Chronic illness is another sign of the plague.
Chronic illness is never a welcomed guest in anyone's life.
Chronic illness is such a topic.
Chronic illness is unfair.
Chronic illness represents an extension of the features of the acute illness.
Chronic illness requires coping as well as understanding and support from family members.
Chronic illness suggests deficiency.
Chronic illnesses are a source of continual stress.
Chronic illnesses are depressing.
Chronic illnesses are the leading cause of death in the United States.
Chronic illnesses are very draining upon a family.
Chronic illnesses influences our lifestyles.
Chronic illnesses play a major role.
All chronic illnesses have significant medical, psychological and social components.
All chronic illnesses have significant medical, psychological, and social components.
Many chronic illnesses can cause pain.
Many chronic illnesses can lead to anemia.
Many chronic illnesses disrupt a child's schooling.
Many chronic illnesses have deformities or other symptoms that are easily observed by others.
Most chronic illnesses are the result of cumulative unhealthy lifestyles.
Most chronic illnesses show an enzyme deficiency.
Some chronic illnesses are congenital, while others strike later in life.
Chronic impatience destroys one's life.
Chronic incontinence has many causes, many of which can be successfully treated.
Chronic incontinence is on going.
Chronic incontinence is ongoing.
Chronic indigestion can also be a warning sign of cancer.
Chronic indigestion is sometimes a sign of a more serious problem.
Chronic infarcts are low density.
Chronic infection can be painful and lead to complications until it is resolved.
Chronic infection can cause disease of the lungs, liver, intestine and bladder.
Chronic infection can cause intermittent abdominal pain, vomiting, malabsorption and weight loss.
Chronic infection can cause scars or adhesions to impair the mobility of the ossicles.
Chronic infection can lead to extensive scarring with ischemia and tissue necrosis.
Chronic infection can lead to liver inflammation, cirrhosis and cancer.
Chronic infection can manifest itself in different ways.
Chronic infection can persist intermittently for years.
Chronic infection causes the ear canal tissue to become thick and rough.
Chronic infection gives rise to recurrent diarrhea alternating with constipation.
Chronic infection is common and can lead to cirrhosis and hepatocarcinoma.
Chronic infection is possible with recurrent symptoms.
Chronic infection leads to a vicious cycle.
Chronic infection leads to diseases of the liver, kidneys and bladder.
Chronic infection occurs when the host's immune system decreases the formation of tachyzoites.
Chronic infection varies in severity and clinical course.
Chronic infections are a consequence of the faulty immune mechanisms.
Chronic infections are by no means the sole reason for the development of atherosclerosis.
Chronic infections are often undetectable in the field.
Chronic infections can harm the eardrum and close the ear canal.
Chronic infections can last from months to years.
Chronic infections can lead to a myelitis, cord abscess, or a vasculits and cord infarction.
Chronic infections can lead to poor nutrition.
Chronic infections can stunt a child s language and speech development.
Chronic infections can stunt a child's language and speech development.
Chronic infections cause about nine percent of cancer cases, mostly in developing countries.
Chronic infections contribute to about one-third of the world's cancer.
Chronic infections require more work to cure.
Any chronic infection can cause general malaise and loss of energy.
Chronic infidelity can also be the unfortunate coping mechanism of an avoidant personality.
Chronic inflammation can also lead to the formation of polyps.
Chronic inflammation can occur with repeated attacks of bursitis or injuries.
Chronic inflammation can occur with repeated attacks of bursitis or injury.
Chronic inflammation caused by lymphotoxin is lymphoid neogenesis.
Chronic inflammation causes constant pain and swelling that can last for years.
Chronic inflammation develops at a site of injury that persists longer than several days.
Chronic inflammation is a part of pathology of many infectious, autoimmune, neoplastic diseases.
Chronic inflammation is a risk factor for a number of diseases.
Chronic inflammation is a suspected cause of the formation of atherosclerotic plaques.
Chronic inflammation is never normal-the question is what is causing it.
Chronic inflammation is thought to result in hyper-responsiveness to inhaled irritants.
Chronic inflation is synonymous of the decline of a class or a society.
Chronic inhalation causes peripheral neurophathy.
Chronic injuries can strain relationships.
Chronic injury is characterized by a slow accumulation causing a general chlorotic appearance.
Chronic insomnia can also be a learned pattern.
Chronic insomnia can also lead to mood disorders like depression.
Chronic insomnia can also lead to other, more serious health problems.
Chronic insomnia can be a sign of more serious physical and mental conditions.
Chronic insomnia can be a symptom of depression, anxiety, dementia, or panic disorder.
Chronic insomnia can have more serious consequences.
Chronic insomnia can last months or years.
Chronic insomnia can sometimes be a symptom of a more serious sleep or mental health disorder.
Chronic insomnia is a difficult problem to treat.
Chronic insomnia is a serious problem.
Chronic insomnia is a widespread and difficult disorder to manage.
Chronic insomnia is another matter.
Chronic insomnia is complex disorder with many possible causes.
Chronic insomnia is defined as having symptoms at least three nights per week for more than a month.
Chronic insomnia is just that, a disease.
Chronic insomnia is usually due to chronic medical or psychiatric illness or the use of medications.
Chronic insomnia is when a person has trouble falling asleep or staying asleep night after night.
Chronic insomnia lasts longer than three months and often needs to be treated.
Chronic insomnia lasts more than three weeks.
Chronic insomnia occurs on most nights for at least three weeks.
Chronic insomnia refers to sleep difficulty at least three nights per week for one month or more.
Chronic instability causes several symptoms.
Chronic instability gives way to lifelong dictatorship.
Chronic intoxication is characterized by ulceration and neurosis.
Chronic irritation can cause pain, swelling and tearing of the rotator cuff.
Chronic irritation can cause thickening of the skin.
Chronic irritation can lead to ulcerations.
Chronic irritation causes a build-up of soft tissue and underlying bone in the area.
Chronic irritation is also likely to cause a thickening of the mucous layer.
Chronic ischemia is caused by gradual enlargement of an atheromatous plaque.
Chronic laryngitis can have a number of causes.
Chronic laryngitis is treated differently, depending on the cause.
Chronic lateness is disruptive to the student, the class and the teacher.
Chronic lateness is equally unacceptable.
Chronic lateness is unnecessary and rude.
Chronic lesions become calcified and the elasticity of the vessel is decreased.
Chronic lesions become thickened and dry.
Chronic lesions exhibit various degrees of peripheral fibrosis.
Chronic lesions have dermal fibrosis and a predominantly mononuclear inflammatory response.
Chronic lesions show an organizing membrane arising from the dural surface.
Chronic lesions show pigmentary changes.
Chronic lesions show predominantly gliosis.
Chronic leukemia can progress slowly and with few symptoms.
Chronic leukemia is cancer
Chronic leukemia is leukemia.
Chronic leukemia occurs most frequently in adults and progresses slowly.
Chronic leukemia occurs most often in adults, but can occur at any age.
Chronic leukemia progresses more slowly and involves greater numbers of more mature cells.
Chronic leukemia progresses more slowly than does acute leukemia.
Chronic leukemias are cancers of blood cells, and are one of two basic types.
Chronic leukemias develop very gradually.
Chronic leukemias have a slower onset and progression than acute leukemias.
Chronic lymphedema is seen more commonly in cancer patients.
Chronic lymphedema is the hardest of all types of edema to treat.
Chronic malnutrition can lead to physical problems, mental disability or slowness of development.
Chronic malnutrition has long-term implications on a child's physical and mental development.
Chronic malnutrition is a major factor in infant mortality.
Chronic malnutrition is the commonest cause of poor growth globally.
Chronic malnutrition is widespread.
Chronic malnutrition leaves children more vulnerable to pneumonia, bronchitis and other infections.
Chronic malnutrition remains a problem.
Every chronic martyr displays all the signs of being a professional hater.
Chronic mastitis is an udder infection that is of long duration.
Chronic meningitis occurs when low-grade infections affect the meninges.
Chronic naloxone results in prolonged increases in opiate binding sites in brain.
Much chronic noise making is a habit, like any other.
Chronic obstruction can lead to infections of the tear sac at any age.
Chronic obstruction can lead to orthodontic and dental abnormalities.
Chronic obstruction leads to the compromise of renal function.
Chronic obstruction plays a part in the development of the disorder.
Chronic offenders account for more than half of all serious crimes committed by juveniles.
Chronic osteomyelitis is often polymicrobial.
Chronic overuse can cause a scaly, yellowing skin condition, but side effects are rare.
Chronic overuse can result in irritability and psychosis.
Chronic pain affects the marital relationship.
Chronic pain affects the whole family.
Chronic pain associated with conditions such as arthritis or back problems can interfere with sleep.
Chronic pain associated with porphyria is very limiting.
Chronic pain can also cause stress , sleep disorders , and depression .
Chronic pain can alter a human being's whole life.
Chronic pain can be a secondary cause of low sexual desire.
Chronic pain can be episodic with periodic recurrence.
Chronic pain can be just as unpleasant as acute pain, but lasts much longer.
Chronic pain can be mild or severe.
Chronic pain can be progressive.
Chronic pain can be the result of damaged tissue, but very often is attributable to nerve damage .
Chronic pain can cause functional loss and social withdrawal.
Chronic pain can cause many good people to despair.
Chronic pain can cloud the judgement of a desperate patient.
Chronic pain can destroy a persons entire life.
Chronic pain can devastate a person's life.
Chronic pain can develop.
Chronic pain can have mixed or unknown mechanisms or it can be psychological in nature.
Chronic pain can last for years and be extremely detrimental to one's health.
Chronic pain can lead to depression.
Chronic pain can occur long after nerve and tissue damage has apparently healed.
Chronic pain can occur without a known cause.
Chronic pain can occur without any apparent injury or trauma at all.
Chronic pain can persist long after the acute pain of an injury has subsided.
Chronic pain can seriously affect the quality of life for patients and their families.
Chronic pain can systematically erode the quality of life.
Chronic pain can wreak havoc on families.
Chronic pain causes depression.
Chronic pain causes much unnecessary suffering and overwhelming disability.
Chronic pain creates both physical and emotional suffering.
Chronic pain creates many different types of suffering.
Chronic pain extends over a longer period of time.
Chronic pain following pancreatitis is fairly common.
Chronic pain goes on and on sometimes for months or even years.
Chronic pain has a major impact on the emotional and physical health of an individual.
Chronic pain has no adaptive biologic role.
Chronic pain involves all aspects of a person's life.
Chronic pain is a common and often underestimated, but very expensive condition.
Chronic pain is a complex, multidimensional health problem.
Chronic pain is a complicated issue.
Chronic pain is a debilitating and demoralizing condition.
Chronic pain is a disease process that develops with inadequate management of the acute injury.
Chronic pain is a large category.
Chronic pain is a major public health problem.
Chronic pain is a personal and private suffering.
Chronic pain is a serious health problem confronting many today.
Chronic pain is a signal that the body is out of sync and desperately needs help.
Chronic pain IS a small things next to the terrible tragedies taking place.
Chronic pain is a tricky area of medicine.
Chronic pain is a unique disorder that affects whole lives rather than just joints and muscles.
Chronic pain is a very complex problem.
Chronic pain is also one of our specialties.
Chronic pain is an epidemic in the United States.
Chronic pain is an extremely complex problem.
Chronic pain is any frequent or continuous pain that has lasted for more than a few months.
Chronic pain is any painful condition lasting for more than six months.
Chronic pain is as differing and variable as the number of people experiencing it.
Chronic pain is as much an economic, psychological and sociological problem as it is physical.
Chronic pain is associated with deficits in information processing.
Chronic pain is associated with rheumatoid and osteoarthritis.
Chronic pain is awful.
Chronic pain is believed to occur when neurons in the spinal cord send faulty signals.
Chronic pain is by definition, pain which persists beyond the usual healing time.
Chronic pain is chronic conditions.
Chronic pain is common after several episodes.
Chronic pain is considered to be our nation's third largest health problem.
Chronic pain is defined as pain that lasts for at least several months.
Chronic pain is different to acute pain.
Chronic pain is different.
Chronic pain is difficult to define or describe.
Chronic pain is increasingly common in health care.
Chronic pain is known either to make discharge difficult or to cause frequent discharges.
Chronic pain is no different.
Chronic pain is no fun.
Chronic pain is now a part of life.
Chronic pain is often devastating to older adults' overall health and quality of life.
Chronic pain is often less intense than acute pain.
Chronic pain is one of the harder things to treat or to have.
Chronic pain is one of the most fearsome problems in medical practice.
Chronic pain is one of the most frequent causes of suffering and disability in the Western world.
Chronic pain is pain that frequently recurs or is of long duration.
Chronic pain is pain that has lasted a long time.
Chronic pain is pain that has lasted for a long time.
Chronic pain is pain.
Chronic pain is predictable, extended, and many times debilitating.
Chronic pain is probably the number one health problem in America.
Chronic pain is something quite different.
Chronic pain is the hardest to treat.
Chronic pain is the most devastating physical malady that exists.
Chronic pain is the most significant complication.
Chronic pain is the type of pain that persists long after the original injury.
Chronic pain is tough.
Chronic pain is usually the effect of a physical injury.
Chronic pain is very different to acute pain.
Chronic pain is very different.
Chronic pain is very unpleasant.
Chronic pain lasts anywhere from a few months to years.
Chronic pain lasts beyond the typical healing time.
Chronic pain lasts longer than acute pain and is generally somewhat resistant to medical treatment.
Chronic pain lasts longer than the normal healing time.
Chronic pain lasts.
Chronic pain leads to chronic suffering.
Chronic pain leads to disuse and weakness of the quadriceps, exacerbating damage to the knee joint.
Chronic pain makes it more difficult to obtain truly restful sleep.
Chronic pain makes some women afraid to have sex.
Chronic pain occurs when the injury, surgery or treatment is healed but the pain continues.
Chronic pain persists.
Chronic pain refers to pain of long duration, typically three months or greater.
Chronic pain requires professional treatment.
Chronic pain serves no useful function to the body.
Chronic pain shapes the undefinable soul-scape of an experiential negative theology.
Chronic pain syndromes, such as fibromyalgia, can also cause chest pain.
Chronic pain syndromes.
Chronic pain wears patients down.
Every chronic pain is a combination pain and requires a multiple treatment plan.
Chronic pancreatitis can lead to diabetes, inability to digest food, or cancer of the pancreas.
Chronic pancreatitis involves a progressive destruction of the pancreas.
Chronic pancreatitis is a long-standing inflammation of the pancreas.
Chronic pancreatitis is a much more persistent condition, and occurs more often in men than women.
Chronic pancreatitis is confirmed by x-ray tests and other scans.
Chronic pancreatitis is different to acute pancreatitis .
Chronic pancreatitis is sometimes due to an inherited gene mutation.
Chronic pancreatitis means ongoing pancreatitis in which there is permanent damage to the pancreas.
Chronic pancreatitis occurs more frequently in men.
Chronic pancreatitis occurs most commonly after one or more episodes of acute pancreatitis.
Chronic paronychia is caused by many different bacteria and yeasts such as candida.
Chronic paronychia is due to several different micro-organisms.
Chronic paronychia is relatively insidious in onset.
Chronic patient needs caution.
Chronic pericarditis is often painless.
Chronic pericarditis is treated by identifying and treating the underlying cause, if possible.
Chronic pharyngitis is treated by eliminating the cause of inflammation.
Chronic pneumonia is characterized by several months of weight loss, cough, night sweats, and fever.
Chronic poisoning affects an animal or human over a long period of time after small, repeated doses.
Chronic poisoning can occur by inhalation of relatively small amounts over a long period of time.
Chronic poisoning can result from repeated exposure to a pesticide over a long period of time.
Chronic poisoning is most likely.
Chronic poisoning leads to neuronal degeneration, antithyroid effect.
Chronic pollution can keep a community in an immature stage with a low diversity rate.
Chronic porphyrias have prominent skin manifestations.
Chronic poverty is at least partly about behavior, and welfare teaches the wrong lessons.
Chronic poverty persists for many.
Chronic problems can be the most difficult to solve.
Chronic problems can even lead to dropping of the pedal bone and toe ulcers.
Chronic problems can take two to six months to show improvement.
Chronic problems result from long-term habits of abuse of alcohol or drugs.
Chronic procrastinators can suffer stress, self-doubt, and poor health.
Chronic prostatitis can develop.
Chronic prostatitis clears up by itself in many cases.
Chronic prostatitis has a poor record of treatment success.
Chronic prostatitis has symptoms of pelvic pain, urination problems, and erectile dysfunction.
Chronic prostatitis is a prostate infection that comes back again and again.
Chronic prostatitis is an infection that keeps returning.
Chronic prostatitis is caused by a bacterial infection.
Chronic prostatitis is hard to treat.
Chronic prostatitis is more common in men between the ages of thirty-five and sixty.
Chronic prostatitis is more difficult to treat.
Chronic prostatitis is the least studied and least understood of the major human prostate diseases.
Chronic prostatitis is the most common cause of recurrent UTIs in men.
Chronic prostatitis is the most common form of the condition.
Chronic prostatitis is treated with an extensive course of antibiotics.
Chronic prostatitis means the prostate gets inflamed over and over again.
Chronic reactions resemble nagging chest colds.
Chronic rejection is a major factor contributing to organ shortage.
Chronic rejection is a slow, irreversible process, and is inadequately understood.
Chronic rejection is characterized by a narrowing and obliteration of the small bronchioles.
Chronic rejection is less well defined than either hyperacute or acute rejection.
Chronic rejection takes months to years.
Chronic remorse is a most undesirable sentiment.
Chronic rupture occurs after the ligament has degenerated with age.
Chronic sadness causes changes in chemical levels in the brain which result in depression.
Chronic schistosomiasis raises the incidence of bladder cancer in many Middle Eastern countries.
Chronic seizures increase glucose transporter abundance in rat brain.
Chronic silicosis occurs more frequently than acute silicosis and can remain undetected for years.
Chronic sinusitis can be a very difficult condition to treat.
Chronic sinusitis can produce chronic puffiness.
Chronic sinusitis is a sinus infection that is persistent, lasting for longer than three months.
Chronic sinusitis is a sinus infection that occurs frequently or lasts three months or longer.
Chronic sinusitis is also a fairly common disorder in childhood.
Chronic sinusitis is also a possibility.
Chronic sinusitis is an entirely different illness.
Chronic sinusitis is an inflammation of the membranes in the nose and sinuses.
Chronic sinusitis is especially suited to a combination of acupuncture and herbal medicine.
Chronic sinusitis is much less common than acute sinusitis .
Chronic sinusitis is much less common than acute sinusitis.
Chronic sinusitis is often the result of untreated or repeated acute infections.
Chronic sinusitis is one of the most common causes of a nagging cough in the elderly.
Chronic sinusitis is relatively uncommon nowadays.
Chronic sinusitis is something that reoccurs.
Chronic sinusitis is sometimes due to an allergic response to mold.
Chronic sinusitis is usually a polymicrobial infection.
Chronic sinusitis lasts from several weeks to several months.
Chronic sinusitis occurs when sinus blockages persist and the lining of the sinuses swell further.
Chronic sinusitis occurs when the sinus opening is blocked for an extended period.
Chronic sinusitis shows a strong correlation with the most highly exposed area.
Chronic smokers show abnormalities of pulmonary function tests.
Chronic spasticity contorts young bodies.
Chronic starvation is looked upon as a matter of course.
Chronic stenosis can lead to left ventricular enlargement and congestive heart failure .
Chronic stress alters the immune response to influenza virus vaccine in older adults.
Chronic stress alters the immune response to influenza virus vaccines in older adults.
Chronic stress can affect the functioning of the brain chemicals that regulate our moods.
Chronic stress can also lead parents to feel depressed and anxious.
Chronic stress can also result from ongoing family problems.
Chronic stress can be damaging, both psychologically and emotionally.
Chronic stress can harm the nervous system, thereby causing digestive and intestinal upsets.
Chronic stress can lead to conditions ripe for degeneration in the body.
Chronic stress can lead to depression, nervous breakdowns and mental illness.
Chronic stress can lead to depression.
Chronic stress can lead to many diseases, including heart disease, cancer, and depression.
Chronic stress causes poor posture, which in turn can cause multi-joint chronic pain.
Chronic stress causes the immune system to become less effective.
Chronic stress comes when a person never sees a way out of a miserable situation.
Chronic stress destroys bodies, minds and lives.
Chronic stress destroys memory cells and shuts down the immune system.
Chronic stress has a similar, but milder, effect on the body and mind.
Chronic stress increases thyroid hormone production.
Chronic stress induces the expression of inducible nitric oxide synthase in rat brain cortex.
Chronic stress is a common cause of insomnia, as is depression.
Chronic stress is a continuous response of sympathetic stimulation.
Chronic stress is a definite threat to emotional and physical health.
Chronic stress is a killer.
Chronic stress is a part of daily life in some inner cities.
Chronic stress is a perceptual disorder.
Chronic stress is associated with depression and suppressed immunity.
Chronic stress is clearly a state of accelerated molecular and cellular aging.
Chronic stress is prolonged, with no end in sight.
Chronic stress is the most serious of all.
Chronic stress kills through suicide, violence, heart attack, stroke, and, perhaps, even cancer.
Chronic stress leads sooner or later to so called burnout.
Chronic stress leads to adrenal overactivity and calcium loss.
Chronic stress leads to overproduction of cortisol which has a damaging effect on the hippocampus.
Chronic stress modulates the immune response to a pneumococcal pneumonia vaccine.
Chronic stress suppresses immune function.
Chronic stressors are long term and become part of life.
Chronic studies involve any long-term housing or use of an animal.
Chronic subluxation is a highly complex, positive-feedback system.
Chronic sufferers are more likely to be given prescription medication.
Chronic sufferers find the month most trying.
Chronic suppression is indicated to prevent relapses.
Chronic symptoms can have periods of increase followed by periods of decrease and even remission.
Chronic symptoms can result in malabsorption and severe weight loss.
Chronic symptoms caused by too much gas or by a serious disease are rare.
Chronic tardiness counts as absences.
Chronic tardiness is cause for progressive disciplinary action.
Chronic tardiness is considered as equal to poor attendance.
Chronic tardiness is defined as eight or more tardies in an academic quarter.
Chronic tardiness is disruptive.
Chronic tardiness is grounds for receiving an 'F' in the course.
Chronic tardiness is unacceptable.
Chronic tears can be the result of too much stress on the joint over a prolonged period of time.
Chronic tendonitis can lead to weakening of the tendon and subsequent rupture.
Chronic tendonitis is actually a much more serious issue that carpal tunnel syndrome.
Chronic tension leads to ischemia in the muscles and eventual infiltration of fibrotic tissue.
Chronic tests are longer term tests.
Chronic tests measure the long-term response to test substances.
Chronic thyroiditis is an autoimmune disease.
Chronic time is always approximate, distant to the chthonic time of farms.
Chronic tiredness can cause depression and depression can cause tiredness.
Chronic tonsillitis is generally a condition of adults.
Chronic tonsillitis produces recurrent sore throats.
Chronic torticollis can cause wear and tear to the neck and limit the range of motion.
Chronic toxicity can often take many years to determine.
Chronic toxicity is far more likely to be encountered.
Chronic toxicity is frequent in dogs.
Chronic toxicity is much more difficult to assess.
Chronic toxicity is thought to occur in one of two main ways.
Chronic toxicity is unlikely to occur due to the corrosive effects of fluorine exposure.
Chronic toxicity produces decrease in body weight and loss of appetite.
Chronic toxicity refers to single or short term exposure to high levels of the toxicant.
Chronic toxicity refers to the effects produced by such exposure.
Chronic toxicity results from long-term exposure of low levels of toxicant.
Chronic ulcer is a risk factor for squamous cell carcinoma with metastatic potential.
Chronic ulcers have chronic granulation tissue at the base.
Chronic unemployment affects one out of five workers.
Chronic unemployment is common for individuals with traumatic brain injuries.
Chronic urticaria caused by foods is more common in children than in adults.
Chronic urticaria is a challenge for medical therapy.
Chronic urticaria is a common but frustrating problem to both patients and physicians.
Chronic urticaria is a common condition and is a source of great frustration to patients.
Chronic urticaria is just a fancy name for the next step up from hives.
Chronic urticaria lasts for a longer period.
Chronic urticaria lasts for several weeks, months or even longer.
Chronic urticaria occurs more frequently in mid-life, especially in women.
Chronic urticaria refers to hives that last more than six weeks.
Chronic use can cause bleeding, ulceration, and perforation of the stomach.
Chronic use can lead to effects that take up to two years to wear off.
Chronic use can lead to muscle wasting and reduced muscle tone and strength.
Chronic use can lead to rapid development of tolerance and dependence.
Chronic use can produce kidney, heart, lung and liver damage.
Chronic use can result in dependence.
Chronic use can result in the same health problems associated with cigarette smoking.
Chronic use can ulcerate the mucous membrane in the nose.
Chronic use leads to addiction and dependency.
Chronic use leads to full-blown paranoia, psychological dependancy, and impotence.
Chronic use leads to the development of tolerance and to both physical and psychological addiction.
Chronic users are often older, medically ill, and with multiple needs.
Chronic users can suffer tremors, anxiety, insomnia, and paranoia.
Chronic users develop tolerance to the euphoria and other physiological effects.
Chronic users experience cocaine-triggered seizures or psychotic behavior.
Chronic users face a greater risk of long-term problems due to neurotoxic effects.
Chronic users have tremors and uncontrollable shaking.
Chronic users lose interests in everyday events.
Chronic users stop feeling the euphoric effects, and instead suffer from anxiety and paranoia.
Some chronic users become permanently depressed.
Chronic vertigo can also bring on severe eye problems.
Many chronic worriers are perfectionists.
Chronic worry creates chronic muscular tension.
Chronic worry is a habit.
Chronic wounds are a serious health concern with substantial morbidity.
Chronic wounds are one of the leading causes of the invaliding of work animals.
Chronic wounds are painful, difficult and expensive to treat.
Chronic wounds can be of variable sizes and depths.
Chronic wounds can take weeks, months, or even years to heal.
Chronic wounds come in many shapes and, unfortunately, sizes.
Some chronic wounds produce an unpleasant odour as a result of bacterial contamination.
A chronicle is a record
Chronicle includes website.
Chronicle is set in Dallas.
Chronicles are also contradictory.
Chronicles are still numero uno, though.
Chronicles are welcome.
Chronicles can be fun, particularly the killer final level.
Chronicles contain two versions of bajiquan's creation.
Chronicles is closer, at least, to the promise of the next phase.
Chronicles is distant in time, but the law is being read heavily in the post-exilic period.
Chronicles lives of men in whose influence in Texas extended far beyond their medical practices.
Some chronicles talk about rain lasting for more than a year - with tragic implications.
A chronicler is a historian
Chroniclers are historians.
Chroniclers publish the newsletters.
Chroniclers report that Santiago was invoked numerous times in battles against indigenous peoples.
Chroniclers often add that the tip of a branch, when seen head on, looks like a dragon's eye.
Chrono manufactures waterfowl hunting products and treestands.
Chronobiological topics are also interesting for adult education courses and are used there.
A chronograph is a timer
Chronograph blends a stainless steel case with distinctive design.
Chronographs are key tools in safe paintball.
Chronographs are timers.
Some chronograph watches shoe the information on sub-dials on the watch face.
Chronologic systems arrange files by date.
A chronological age is an age
Chronological age appears to be less important than health or wealth.
Chronological age is a given.
Chronological age is a weak predictor of toxicity response.
Chronological age is merely a proxy.
Chronological age is often different from biological age.
Chronological age is one thing.
Chronological age is simply the number of years since one's birth.
Chronological ages are ages.
Chronological arrangements are rough due to poor record-keeping.
Chronological coherence is equally elusive.
Chronological considerations pose no obstacle.
Chronological coverage includes all periods of history.
Chronological coverage includes all periods.
Chronological entries focus on the history and functioning of popular women's magazines.
Chronological entries list the names of the customers, goods purchased, and the amounts charged.
Chronological fidelity is desired less than impressionistic immediacy.
Chronological formats are the best.
Chronological gaps do occur in both record series which reduces their scholarly usefulness.
Chronological indexes precede each volume.
Some chronological markers provide a link to the calendar.
Some chronological mysteries remain about when the clergyman lived.
Chronological notebooks are the most traditional form of astronomy log.
Chronological order can suit different rhetorical modes or patterns of exposition.
Chronological order is a tyrant.
Chronological order is best.
Chronological order is probably the best organization method.
Chronological order is used for more than one work by the same author or team of authors.
Chronological order is used for works by more than two authors.
Chronological order is used to index the games.
Chronological order prevents false doctrine.
Chronological organization presents information through time.
Chronological parameters vary each semester but normally emphasis on the modern period.
Chronological parameters vary each semester, but normally emphasis is on the modern period.
Chronological parameters vary each semester, but normally emphasis on the modern period.
All chronological periods are of interest.
Chronological prompts facilitate rapid development of an agenda for each encounter.
Chronological resumes are also easier to verify.
Chronological resumes are commonly the first resume a student uses.
Chronological resumes are the easiest to prepare and seem to be the most popular style used.
Chronological resumes are the most common resume format.
Chronological resumes are the most commonly used and most commonly preferred by employers.
Chronological scope ranges from ancient to contemporary.
A chronological sequence is a property
Chronological sequence is a commonly used method.
Chronological sequence is useful where ordering of events by occurrence in time is important.
Chronological study opens the child's eyes to the relationships between different civilizations.
Chronological subdivisions apply to the subject itself.
Chronological subdivisions qualify a subject in terms of time.
Chronological survey includes research, analysis, and performance.
Chronological tables are clear considering the complicated subject.
Chronologies are useful for placing a case in the context of history .
Chronologies are useful for placing a play in the context of history.
Chronologies are wonderful for writers, researchers and for general browsing.
Chronologies provide descriptions of events and conditions in sequential order.
Chronologies Use chronologies to find out who did what, when.
Chronology becomes hazy when multiple partners and projects are involved.
Chronology continues on second site Visit new site or the domain name site .
Chronology covers four broad topics.
Chronology Depends on the subject.
Chronology gets very hazy over time.
Chronology gives meaning.
Chronology has the dates of significant drink-related legislation.
Chronology is a branch of History.
Chronology is a customer focused company.
Chronology is a dangerous subject for study, because it can become an obsession, then a disease.
Chronology is a real problem, see below .
Chronology is a reasonable way to organize nearly anything.
Chronology is a relation
Chronology is an issue sometimes.
Chronology is another dilemma.
Chronology is backbone of history.
Chronology is handled rather loosely here.
Chronology is here.
Chronology is important.
Chronology is left vague.
Chronology is often an impediment to the acquiring of useful knowledge.
Chronology is out.
Chronology is similar.
Chronology is the arrangement in order of time or occurrence.
Chronology is the arrangement of facts and events in the order of time.
Chronology is the biggest organizer for history.
Chronology is the generally the publishing date for serials.
Chronology is the next way to choose a webpage.
Chronology provides the mental scaffolding for organizing historical thought.
Chronology spans the end of the classical period to the present.
Chronology View the timeline of events.
Chronometric studies show that they have different computational properties.
Chronos company profile all products product est.
Chronos time becomes kairos time, the profane becomes sacred.
Chronos time is clock and calendar time, as in chronology.
Chronos time is the marking of the seasons, the turning of calendar pages.
Chrysalis knows the market is very hot and works accordingly.
Some chrysalis are green.
Chrysalis clients represent the diversity of our community.
Chrysalis images are of better quality.
Chrysalis isa pupa.
Chrysalises have (part) air sacs.
Chrysalises have (part) brains.
Chrysalises have (part) carapaces.
Chrysalises have (part) cell membranes.
Chrysalises have (part) cells.
Chrysalises have (part) corpi.
Chrysalises have (part) cytoplasm.
Chrysalises have (part) ears.
Chrysalises have (part) faces.
Chrysalises have (part) flight feathers.
Chrysalises have (part) heads.
Chrysalises have (part) nuclei.
Chrysalises have (part) plasma membranes.
Chrysalises have (part) quill feathers.
Chrysalises have (part) sections.
Chrysalises have (part) shells.
Chrysalises have (part) skulls.
Chrysalises have (part) thoraxes.
Chrysalises have (part) vacuoles.
Chrysanthemum breeders are interested in plants which are resistant to herbivory.
Chrysanthemum flower bodes well for the sacral chakra.
Chrysanthemum flowers are harbingers of coldness.
Chrysanthemum flowers are very colorful and widely used by florists in the West.
Chrysanthemum leaves are available in Asian markets.
Chrysanthemum star has charcoal layer at outer side of it.
Chrysanthemum stone is available in tumbled stones and spheres.
Chrysanthemum stunt is caused by a virus.
Chrysanthemum varieties differ in resistance.
Chrysanthemum wood is found only in very small areas of Taiwan.
A chrysanthemum is a flower
Chrysanthemums also provide late summer color, while aster blooms in early fall.
Chrysanthemums are a familiar example.
Chrysanthemums are a major export flower.
Chrysanthemums are a symbol of death, red roses are symbols of love or passion.
Chrysanthemums are also common, outdoors and in gift baskets, and they add a lot of great colors.
Chrysanthemums are always a good choice for the end of the summer and the fall season.
Chrysanthemums are composite flowers.
Chrysanthemums are examples of short-day plants.
Chrysanthemums are flowers.
Chrysanthemums are part of chrysanthemums.
Chrysanthemums are plants.
Chrysanthemums are still in season.
Chrysanthemums are the last of the basic perennial flowers to bloom.
Chrysanthemums are the most popular flower to give mothers.
Chrysanthemums are vigorous plants with active root systems.
Chrysanthemums are widely available in late summer-autumn for planting as well.
Chrysanthemums bend their yellow heads.
Chrysanthemums come in all colors except blue.
Chrysanthemums come in every color except blue.
Chrysanthemums enjoy new places in which to bloom each year.
Chrysanthemums grow best in well-drained soil.
Chrysanthemums make effective potted accents but are problematic as garden plants.
Chrysanthemums normally bloom in the fall.
Chrysanthemums offer a dazzling array of colors, sizes, and flower forms.
Chrysanthemums root fairly easily in early spring when day temperatures are relatively low.
Chrysanthemums set flower buds in relation to short days and long nights.
Chrysanthemums symbolize cheerfulness, loveliness and luck.
Chrysanthemums sometimes become crowded in the garden.
Chrysanthemums usually have few insect problems.
Most chrysanthemums have big flowers and attractive colours.
A chrysoberyl is a mineral
Chrysoberyl forms the most valuable variety.
Chrysoberyl is a very hard, and durable gemstone.
Chrysoberyl is mainly green, yellow or brown.
Chrysoberyls are minerals.
Most chrysoberyl is green or yellow-green, but some is brown.
A chrysolite is an olivine
Chrysolite is an intermediary member, so it has a varying amount of magnesium and iron.
Many chrysomelids are pests.
A chrysoprase is a stone
A chrysoprase is quartz
Chrysoprase can help to promote courage and can open and heal old traumas and grief.
Chrysoprase comes mainly from Germany, the Soviet Union, the United States, Canada, and Brazil.
Chrysoprase is a light to medium, slightly yellowish green chalcedony.
Chrysoprase is a vivid green.
Chrysoprase is one of the most sought after gem materials for carving, cabochons, and inlay work.
Chrysoprase is the most valuable variety of chalcedony, a microcrystalline form of quartz.
Chrysoprases are precious stones.
Chrysotile asbestos is the main cause of pleural mesothelioma.
Chrysotile is asbestos
Chrysotile is much less ecopersistent than other types of asbestos.
Chrysotile occurs chiefly in association with massive serpentine.
Chrytosa hybrids are sterile, but vigorous and floriferous.
Chub Lake is located three miles southwest of the schools.
A chub is a bony fish
Chubs are only concerned with leisure and want nothing to do with real-world problems.
Chubs feed primarily on insects and aquatic plants.
Chubs have their own social clubs.
Chubby frogs are fairly easy to keep.
Chubby girl feels embarrassed.
Chubby girl gets on treadmill, presses start and enters weight.
Chubby girl leaves.
Chubby girl starts running and eventually gets tired and hits pause.
Chubby girl wears a one-piece to the beach.
Chuck roast has too much gristle, round steak is too dry.
A chuck wagon is a wagon
Chuck wagon feeds and trail rides are also available.
A chuck is a fare
Chuck aims and fires.
Chuck begins making random phone calls, threatening anyone who answers the phone.
Chuck begins to have second thoughts about the robbery.
Chuck boards a plane for Alaska.
Chuck calls subs.
Chuck cover the basic plan for disaster recovery.
Chuck dances with the drum.
Chuck deals mostly with modern warships and combat boats.
Chuck dispenses wisdom on coffee.
Chuck enjoys tennis, camping, and square dancing.
Chuck examines various uses for the tag, including changing sizes, colors, and typefaces.
Chuck learns about bicycle safety the hard way.
Chuck lives in a house that, until recently, had cinderblock walls.
Chuck lives in Atlanta.
Chuck lives in Chico, California, and is heavily involved in local environmental politics.
Chuck lives in the Lincoln Park area.
Chuck looks around, hearing the splashing, confused.
Chuck manages to hang on to an inflatable boat and eventually washes up on a deserted island.
Chuck moves up and down only.
Chuck participates in the early development of implants to further their effectiveness.
Chuck plays on quite a bit of that, too.
Chuck pulls through adversity after adversity.
Chuck pushes through the zone.
Chuck reviews the weekend's stats.
Chuck runs O-scale trains in the back yard, too.
Chuck scrounges up flowers and a red ribbon for a bouquet.
Chuck sets the table.
Chuck specializes in portrait work and detailed tractor paintings.
Chuck specializes in residential and commercial listings of all types.
Chuck specializes in top quality pre-owned and antique cameras and accessories.
Chuck start it out.
Chuck starts with stance and balance, then moves into basic punches, kicks and elbow strikes.
Chuck strolls over to the town dance.
Chuck teaches in our school one month each year.
Chuck turns out to be a motorcycle riding, long haired, hippie.
Chuck works half-time and helps out around the lab and maintains the greenhouse.
Chuck works in Rochester, New York.
Chuck works in TV Production and is a documentary writer and producer.
Chucks are cuts of beef.
Chucks are for everybody.
Chucks are nuts.
Chucks are part of drills.
Chucks are programming language.
Chucks are the shoe for any occasion.
Chucks are used in the metalworking field to hold objects.
Chucks can have either flange or shaft extension mounting.
Chucks desire sex.
Chucks Go To An Inauguration .
Chucks have kids.
Chucks look steady to possibly firm.
Chucks occasionally climb trees to obtain apples and pawpaws which they relish.
Chucks slowly rotate as specimens are fed to the saw blade for even, consistent cutting.
All chucks offer secure holding of fibers without damage.
A chuckle is a laugh
Chuckles looks like the perfect lap dog.
A chuckwalla is an iguanid lizard
Chuckwallas also have good chemical senses.
Chuckwallas also make interesting social displays.
Chuckwallas are secretive reptiles.
Chuckwallas are strictly herbivores in the wild.
Chuckwallas retreat from danger by wedging into rock crevices and inflating their bodies.
A chufa is a sedge
Chufa can grow to three feet in height.
Chufa makes an excellent supplementary winter food source.
Chufa requires good nitrogen availability.
A chukker is a part
Chukkers There are four chukkers in a polo match at our club.
Chukkers There are six chukkers in a polo match.
Chum salmon have mild taste.
Chum salmon have taste.
Chum salmon have teeth.
Chum salmon occur in streams.
Most chum salmon are caught with purse seines and gill nets in the ocean.
Most chum salmon enter the open ocean during the summer and fall of their first year.
Most chum salmon have mild taste.
Most chum salmon have teeth.
Most chum salmon occur in streams.
Some chum salmon enter oceans.
Some chum salmon enter open oceans.
Some chum salmon have dark spots.
Some chum salmon have distribution.
Some chum salmon have spots.
Some chum salmon have tendencies.
A chum is salmon
Chum attracts and holds whitefish in an area.
Chum isa friend.
Chum thrive in small coastal streams.
Chums are a continuous source of contorted acrobatics.
Chums are arguably the most overlooked sportfishing species in all of Alaska.
Chums are bait.
Chums are friends.
Chums are girls in third and fourth grade.
Chums are large aggressive bulldogs that strike savagely and fight relentlessly.
Chums are spectacular fighters.
Chums are the perfect gift for the outdoor enthusiast.
Chums come in a variety of colors.
Chums have (part) arms.
Chums have (part) body substances.
Chums have (part) cell membranes.
Chums have (part) cells.
Chums have (part) corpi.
Chums have (part) cytoplasm.
Chums have (part) heads.
Chums have (part) human bodies.
Chums have (part) legs.
Chums have (part) material bodies.
Chums have (part) necks.
Chums have (part) nuclei.
Chums have (part) personality.
Chums have (part) plasma membranes.
Chums have (part) sections.
Chums have (part) vacuoles.
Chums have ranges.
Chums migrate quickly to salt water and coho stay a year or so, until they smolt.
Chums vary tremendously in abundance from year to year and they also vary in size.
Most chums have ranges.
Some chums continue patterns.
Some chums die of apparent heart attacks.
Some chums die of attacks.
Some chums die of heart attacks.
Chumash trail is in good shape.
Chump change adds up to wealth when saved and invested properly.
Chump change is a generous way to describe it.
Chump change is cash
A chump is a victim
Chumps always make the best husbands.
Any chump can go outside and play catch.
A chunk is agglomeration
Chunk isa aggregation.
Chunk isa collection.
Chunks are either lines of text or items in a list.
Chunks are fine.
Chunks are like sound Legos.
Chunks are pre-mixed phrases taken out of a musical arrangement.
Chunks are the optimum size for vacuum evaporation.
Chunks can appear in any order, subject to the restrictions placed on each chunk type.
Chunks can be dense if the density is above a certain threshold.
Chunks can be of different sizes and types.
Chunks come loose.
Chunks est moi canina.
Chunks float in fruit juice.
Chunks offer an easy route to truly compelling sound.
Chunks officially end at dusk.
Chunks open a whole new world of possibilities for audio interactivity in Flash.
Chunks reduce audio files sizes by reusing the component phrases of a song.
Chunks tumble into the tub where they remain.
Chunks works on files of any type and any size.
Some Chunks Are Expensive.
Chunky bits get more points.
Chunky butter makes light pastry.
Chunky embers whirl past their cars.
Chunky guacamole is as good as it gets, especially with crisp house-made tortilla chips.
Chunky heels are definitely passe.
Chunky pieces ideal for small hands.
Chunky rainbow handle makes it easy to carry when all the birds are safe inside.
Chunky soup is really important.
Chunky tannins envelop the finish.
Chunky texture simulates the appearance and mouth feel of real lobster meat.
Chupanga airstrip is unusable.
Most church arsons are in the South and Midwest.
Church attendance can help inner-city youth escape poverty.
Church attendance can thus help insulate children from criminal activity.
Church attendance drops off dramatically in Latvia in the winter.
Church attendance is a strange occurrence.
Church attendance is an option m Sundays.
Church attendance is at an all-time low in nearly every nation.
Church attendance is down.
Church attendance is high, as are the test scores of the children who grow up here.
Church attendance is high.
Church attendance is higher than in any other industrialized nation.
Church attendance is lackluster and graying.
Church attendance is less than half of what it was a decade ago.
Church attendance is mandatory.
Church attendance is much lower than affiliation.
Church attendance is on the rise, as is racial and social reconciliation.
Church attendance is on the rise.
Church attendance is required three times a week.
Church attendance is stressed.
Church attendance is the most important predictor of marital stability and happiness.
Church attendance is up.
Church attendance is very high.
Church attendance is very large, but too often the teaching is shallow.
Church attendance opens the doors of opportunity after death.
Church attendance remains flat.
Church attendance varies.
Church attendances continue to fall spectacularly.
A church bell is a bell
Church bells are an important past of our history and our heritage.
Church bells are bells.
Church bells begin ringing on shore, one after another.
Church bells begin their two-day day and nigth tolling.
Church bells begin to cll the village to worship.
Church bells can be heard in the air, Squirrels scamper to and fro without care.
Church bells rang and thousands lined parks along the Cooper River.
Church bells rang as far away as Richmond, Va., and people in New York City felt the ground shake.
Church bells rang out danger and army commanders appeared with evacuation orders.
Church bells rang.
Every church body has a vision that drives it forward and propels it past all obstacles.
Most church bodies are associations of congregations.
Some church bodies require or strongly recommend certain apparel.
Some church bodies shy away from making formal statements of faith.
A church building is house of worship
Church building is approx.
Church building is on the right.
Church buildings are public places in an open society.
Church buildings are treasuries of art, local and national history, culture, music and archaeology.
Church buildings become more monumental.
Church buildings dominate Ukrainian architecture.
Church buildings reflect our tastes and our wealth.
Some church buildings boast their construction date in masonry near the front entrance.
Church bulletins list all kinds of activities.
Church burning is common.
Church burnings are an effective way for foes of faith to violate entire communities.
Church burnings continue.
Church canons provide for revisions between the first and second readings.
Church choirs provide music for both services.
Church choirs serve at more formal devotional services in the churches.
Church congregations are larger, hymn singing more enthusiastic and preaching more vibrant.
Church congregations are so important.
Church congregations can often be helpful.
Church council meets once a month.
Every church court makes mistakes.
Church discipline begins and ends with the personal activity of the various congregational members.
Church discipline can seem quite harsh at times from a Western perspective.
Church discipline can, and often is, challenged in the courts or in the media.
Church discipline helps save the souls of transgressors by assisting members to repent.
Church discipline includes separation from other believers.
Church discipline is a ministry analogous to evangelism and mission.
Church discipline is a pretty un-PC topic.
Church discipline is biblical, necessary, and one way of showing love.
Church discipline is designed to promote godly change.
Church discipline is love in action.
Church discipline is never punitive.
Church fathers are very interested in the cock.
Church government is an extremely practical and theologically significant issue.
Church government is presbyteral.
Church government is the responsibility of the elders of each congregation.
Church growth can stall.
Church growth happens one saved soul at a time.
Church growth is a result of becoming involved.
Church growth is both a blessing and a curse.
Church growth is built around programs and ministries.
Church growth is difficult without personal acceptance within the congregation.
Church growth is discipleship.
Church growth is fairly complex, and involves several different dynamics.
Church growth is hard when so many young men die.
Church growth is influenced by such factors as parking space and the size of classrooms.
Church growth is intentional.
Church growth is one indication that Union County is attracting newcomers from the Columbus area.
Church growth is sought through surveys and worldly marketing techniques.
Church growth occurs when members of the church exercise their diverse gifts in ministry.
Church growth represents the seriousness of the people.
Church historians are uncertain exactly how many people have been canonized.
Church historians point out that it took years for the birth stories to be formed.
Church histories are about as numerous as state histories.
Church histories are easy to find.
Church histories provide a valuable record of the past and enjoyable reading to a wide audience.
Church history argues against it.
Church history comes alive here.
Church history is filled with examples of people getting off track doctrinally.
Church history is filled with ridiculous ideas on how to be holy.
Church history is littered with oppression and violence.
Church history is replete with stories of failures who changed the world.
Church history is that simple and potentially that personal.
Church History is the backdrop.
Church History is the important history of the world.
Church history is, in part then, a history of people in conflict with the primary rule of Scripture.
Church history makes both fascinating and formidable study.
Church history puts flesh on the bones and revels in the personalities.
Church history records a rich legacy of method, and of the experience of prayer.
Church history records ugly disagreements over the Bible's meaning.
Church history reveals a large number of people opposed to the use of any confessions.
Church history suggests otherwise.
Most church history is related from an English point of view.
Church ladies bring their specialties and delight in filling guest plates.
Many church ladies specialize in a dish.
Church law has no procedure to declare incapacity.
Church law holds that every marriage is indissoluble unless the contrary is proved.
Church law requires that a case be proven by documents and the supporting testimony of witnesses.
A church member is a religious person
Church members advertise the clinic and hundreds come, bringing friends and relatives.
Church members agree to donate so much per species.
Church members are all sinners, all on faith journeys.
Church members are also welcome to attend.
Church members are basically well educated.
Church members are eligible to teach.
Church members are encourage to adopt a healthy diet and abstain from injurious drugs and alcohol.
Church members are enthusiastic about the visit.
Church members are like consumers of religion.
Church members are often willing volunteers.
Church members are proud of the baptisms they've overseen in Elm Creek.
Church members are proud of their commitment.
Church members are the backbone of non-church charities, as donors and volunteers, more than ever.
Church members are uncomfortable with the idea of weddings as a money-making concern.
Church members are under the nurture and discipline of the church in which they hold membership.
Church members are worth more than gold.
Church members are young and old, single, married, widowed, and divorced.
Church members attend services in a nearby temporary structure.
Church members become less insulated and callous.
Church members believe they'll survive the hard times that are coming.
Church members can also offer career counseling, tutoring, and material support.
Church members can find copies in the brochure rack located on the first floor near the library.
Church members can find out what is going on.
Church members can still be afraid, regardless of the overall policy of their denomination.
Church members can still expect to see a substantial increase in tithe, however.
Church members can then eat in air-conditioning, and rain never cancels a fellowship.
Church members change into simple, modest, white clothing before taking part in temple ceremonies.
Church members complain about pastors and pastors complain about church members.
Church members contend they have the right to discipline their children as they choose.
Church members contribute a lot of their time and money to the church.
Church members cultivate a clean-cut and friendly image.
Church members deserve more.
Church members do all the work of the ministry.
Church members donate supplies and parents pay a weekly fee.
Church members eat and share informally in small groups that fluctuate as the people move around.
Church members encounter worldly music on Christian radio and television stations.
Church members expect their governmental organizations to operate openly.
Church members expect well researched, practical and, preferably, entertaining sermons.
Church members fast each month by going without food and drink for two consecutive meals.
Church members feel justified in taking a second wife.
Church members feel manipulated, used and shamed.
Church members file off the jagged barbs before getting pierced.
Church members find it unusual at first, but unchurched seekers and guests like it.
Church members greet such statements with a combination of indifference and embarrassment.
Church members handle the orders and distribute the food.
Church members have family connections in many parts of the world.
Church members interact daily with the students serving as tutors and mentors.
Church members invite their unchurched friends to the party.
Church members invite their unsaved friends to come to the party.
Church members join in song and spirit.
Church members join the singing, swaying and clapping to the music.
Church members lead the programs, focusing on the spiritual growth of the children.
Church members look to the nurse to provide the training and support needed for successful programs.
Church members lookto the medium's instrumentality to find truth, comfort and healing.
Church members make a commitment to make contact through phone calls and visits once a week.
Church members make mistakes and have faults.
Church members make themselves available to lead programs on various campuses.
Church members marry, have babies, grow old and die.
Church members mingle after the church service is over.
Church members mistake their privileged experience for reality.
Church members pass out free sandwiches as part of the evangelism program.
Church members pick up the angels and purchase the presents.
Church members plan to build their own facility within three to four years.
Church members pray.
Church members prepare the breakfast and it is given free of charge.
Church members present throughout the trial shared calming hugs.
Church members provide encouragement and occasional rides.
Church members provide volunteer help.
Church members say enough is enough.
Church members say prayer drove the dancers away.
Church members say the decision is a victory for patients' choice in health care.
Church members say they have trouble parking throughout the week.
Church members say they have watched the water level drop significantly.
Church members serve as staff and volunteers.
Church members serve as their surrogate families.
Church members serve as volunteers and also on the board.
Church members serve as volunteers.
Church members sign up for additional monthly service at a discounted, VIP rate.
Church members stay ensconced in their comfort zone.
Church members take food to shelters and to pantries almost every day of the week.
Church members take part in a wide range of social interaction projects.
Church members take pride in the progress they have made.
Church members tend the garden plants.
Church members tutor children on a one to one basis.
Church members visit high-crime areas of Dallas and try to inspire gang members to attend church.
Church members volunteer as hosts and hostesses, greet students, set out snacks and provide drinks.
Church members volunteer to prepare meals in large quantities for freezing for future use.
All church members are welcome to come and participate.
All church members have a responsibility to work toward building up the congregation.
All church members receive regular visits if hospitalized.
Any church member can submit a listing on behalf of their church.
Any church member can submit an event on behalf of their church.
Any church member has the right to select the preacher.
Any church member is eligible for election to office.
Any church member is eligible to use the church buildings, grounds and equipment.
Any church member is welcome to attend.
Every church member has the right to participate in the decision-making process of the church.
Every church member is involved in evangelism.
Every church member is visited daily by a member of our ministerial staff or deacon body.
Many church members agree that the trip each year is the high light of their year.
Many church members are all too willing to compartmentalize their faith from their economic life.
Many church members are uncomfortable with spiritual brokenness and repentance.
Many church members live on the West Side, in other areas of the city, or outside the five boroughs.
Many church members walk, take cabs, or use public transit.
Most church members are oblivious to their function or activities until something hits the news.
Most church members feel it is wrong to conclude a sermon without an invitation song.
Most church members receive financial aid from their churches.
Some church members are unable to separate issues and maintain discretion.
Some church members are, however, easier to love than others.
Some church members believe the issue is more than just the bureaucracy.
Some church members expect their pastors to be supermen.
Some church members miss the loss of doctrinally rich hymns.
A church mode is musical notation
Church mode is invented, the first step in the development of major and minor scales.
Church music enhances the sacredness of a holy place.
Church music establishes or changes people's moods.
Church music is a form of prayer.
Church music is a performance that entertains.
Church music is different from other forms of music.
Church music is especially important.
Church music is kind of old fashioned and boring.
Church music is musical style
Church music is real.
Most church music is based on singing .
Most church music is based on singing.
Church musicians are somewhat more detailed.
Church musicians be sure to check out a growing resource of inexpensive music for liturgical use.
Most church musicians receive training outside the church.
Church news is far more than a calendar notice for an upcoming program.
A church officer is an official
Church officers are to take no part in conducting such a ceremony or event.
Some church officers feel that they are the pastor s supervisor.
Church organ removals, maintenance and tuning.
All church organ sounds, in long sustained tones.
All church organs have pedal claviers.
Church plant is four blocks on the right.
Church plants are especially crucial in reaching migrants.
Church planters are in short supply.
Church planters begin phaseout by stepping back from active leadership.
Many church planters give up and quit because they and their people got discouraged.
Some church planters have seminary training.
Church planting falls far behind the growing demographics of the growing city.
Church planting is a biblical and effective missions strategy.
Church planting is a high calling .
Church planting is a major undertaking.
Church planting is a normal and natural function for a church.
Church planting is a very effective means of evangelism.
Church planting is about establishing new communities of faith.
Church planting is always difficult, but even more so in the African-American community.
Church planting is biblical.
Church planting is for any church and every church.
Church planting is hard work.
Church planting is made more accessible, especially to smaller churches.
Church planting is much broader, however.
Church planting is one giant step from the door of the church to the world outside.
Church planting is our best method.
Church planting is really hard work.
Church planting is the answer.
Church planting is the most effective form of evangelism as far as reaching new people.
Church planting is the most effective tool for discipling the nations.
Church planting means reaching people.
Church planting requires many people working together.
Church planting requires the gifts and skills of many individuals.
Church polity is congregational.
Church rate is available to local established churches that hold regular services.
Many church registers are still in the possession of the church offices of the respective parishes.
Church renewal has a theological task as well.
A church school is a religious school
Church school includes a forty five minute class and a large group assembly time.
Church school is available for both children and adults.
Church school is taught with each service and nursery is available for small children.
Church school is the beginning of a life long journey of faith.
Church school maintains academic and permanent records.
Church schools are exempt from regulation of curriculum content.
Church schools are exempt from regulations or state laws governing public and private schools.
Church schools are religious schools.
Church schools tend to be subtly selective, which is why their places are in such high demand.
Many church schools have hard, reflective walls resulting in reverberations.
More church schools runs the risk of religious polarisation.
A church service is a service
Church service consists of singing, praying and preaching of Scripture and Hutterian teachings.
Church service is held once a fortnight in the school.
Church services are a prime location for mass slaughter.
Church services are boring and lifeless.
Church services are gatherings of strangers.
Church services are in Spanish.
Church services are more than worship.
Church services are open to the public.
Church services are pending.
Church services are predictable and repetitive.
Church services are religious ceremony.
Church services are services.
Church services are very lively and are usually accompanied by numerous musicians and singers.
Church services are worship services.
Church services provide a quick primer on the differences in language styles.
Church services see people repenting at the altar and even where they're sitting.
Church services seem boring.
Church services take place at both sanctuaries, five miles apart.
Church services transform into entertainment spectacles.
All church services are wheel chair assessable and a hearing aids available.
Some church services feel like that.
Church signs are evangelistic tools.
Some church towers are part of abbeys.
Some church towers are part of cathedrals.
Some church towers are part of churches.
Some church towers are part of monasteries.
Church unity attracts unsaved people to the gospel.
Church unity makes a lot of sense.
Every church window glows with a candle.
Church yard includes many graves of soldiers and settlers who died in the wars.
Church yards are one of their favourite haunts.
Some church yards are surrounded by orchards.
A church is religion
Church activities Our Christian faith plays a very important role in our lives.
Church actually belongs to the other category.
Church adds that students are given two days for every they're day absent to make up any homework.
Church admits there is a shortage of miracles.
Church are from one sellers neither pack The north face mountain jacket.
Church attempts to buy topless club .
Church bans emails and faxes on missions .
Church be blest.
Church becomes a place to see and be seen.
Church becomes a social club instead of an earthly means of worship and spiritual edification.
Church becomes a social statement.
Church believes that answer is yes.
Church bells at the unfinished church toll as the two walk out onto the porch.
Church bells chime in the distance.
Church bells peal and already the children are rapt.
Church bells peal on the hour.
Church bells toll and children laugh and play soccer in the streets until long after dark.
Church bells toll in France.
Church bells toll on the hour.
Church bells toll the hour as history unfolds around each and every corner.
Church best does care is a unique and important thing.
Church blends Christian and Native American beliefs.
Church breaks ground.
Church brings many years of coaching, teaching, and private instruction experience to the program.
Church builds character, morals, and spirituality.
Church bulletins to watch out for.
Church calls an expression like , a form.
Church can be a drag.
Church can be a lot like that.
Church can be a tough place.
Church can be an exciting place with important tasks that people can be successful in.
Church can be one of the hardest places for infertile couples.
Church can be so much better.
Church can budget more for mission and ministry.
Church can occur at any time and at any place.
Church can occur at any time, at any place.
Church cautions that the simulations are limited and rather artificial at the moment.
Church Click the door to see inside.
Church comes from a family with an athletic background.
Church comes from musical stock of sorts.
Church comes readily to mind.
Church consists of the entire community of Christian believers.
Church controls all, ex-follower says.
Church copy on back table.
Church currently houses a factory, manufacturing shipping containers.
Church dances for singles.
Church directories, obituaries, books and more.
Church directories, record books, misc.
Church doctrines aside, the basic meaning is to immerse or dip a person in the Holy Spirit.
Church does now.
Church driveway is on the left.
Church driveway is the first on the left.
Church endorse below lots powder but search wisconsin topographic map.
Church expresses intelligent views in several aspects of using computer technology.
Church facade with damaged adjacent building.
Church faces the possibility of six years in prison.
Church fete or garage sale as a way of meeting people.
Church fights in all religious groups are common.
Church finds represent a different phenomenon to coin hoards.
Church forces the issue of the courage to play one's part as a part of the body.
Church gains power over regular governments.
Church gets around same-sex marriage ban.
Church gives authoritative teachings as it explains and expands what is said in the Bible.
Church goes underground for thirteen years.
Church goes with music.
Church going is a biggie.
Church going is down.
Church handicap remodeling, South Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Church has a mezzo-soprano vocal range.
Church has a mixed record of holiness, caring, along with a history of repression and injustice.
Church has an active supportive relationship with public school, police, parents.
Church has beautiful, well-maintained building.
Church has no resident pastor.
Church has some Norman elements but largely dates from the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries.
Church has the remains of a motte and bailey in the churchyard.
Church has unique flat, wooden medieval ceiling with heraldic designs.
Church here is different.
Church holds together.
Church interior several degrees colder than the drizzling winter rain outside.
Church is a big part of our life, as is service IN the church.
Church is a community forming and reforming.
Church is a community of faith and faith is a way of life.
Church is a complex of personal relationships.
Church is a few blocks down on right.
Church is a five-minute walk from station.
Church is a floor supervisor at the Barbary Coast casino in Las Vegas.
Church is a fun place to go.
Church is a good place for comfort and strength.
Church is a good place to look.
Church is a good place to prepare.
Church is a great place to make friends.
Church is a happy environment where people celebrate the joy of their salvation.
Church is a living organisma body.
Church is a particularly suitable place for prayer.
Church is a partnership between the ministry of the home and the ministry of the congregation.
Church is a place for fun and friendship, for learning and service.
Church is a place of acceptance rather than judgment.
Church is a place of challenge and change.
Church is a place of spiritual refuge.
Church is a place to get to know others, and to be known by others.
Church is a place where availability meets opportunity.
Church is a special place.
Church is a spiritual priesthood of all believers, an invisible fellowship.
Church is a spiritually eclectic site with original writings, translations and more.
Church is a word and any word can be a lie.
Church is a word that makes some people want to barf and other people yawn.
Church is about building Christian community.
Church is about community.
Church is about feeling and nuance and mystery and power.
Church is about one mile on the left.
Church is about relationships.
Church is about two miles on right.
Church is across from parking lot.
Church is ahead on left.
Church is air-conditioned.
Church is all about enjoying life.
Church is almost immediately on left.
Church is also a building used for public Christian worship.
Church is also involved in families, so they seem to be a hub.
Church is always in the process of being reformed.
Church is an Christian non profit organization that offers ministry resources to anyone.
Church is an obstetrician and gynecologist in private practice in Chicago.
Church is another good way to meet people.
Church is another source of belief.
Church is approx.
Church is approximately one mile east on the right hand side.
Church is approximately one mile, on right hand side.
Church is at bottom of hill on right.
Church is at center.
Church is at end of block.
Church is at end of road.
Church is at intersection on the right.
Church is at that intersection on the left.
Church is at the end of the block on the right.
Church is at the end.
Church is at the top of the hill on the right.
Church is at top of hill.
Church is available to non-parishoners.
Church is awful dull.
Church is behind a building set back from the road.
Church is behind the race track.
Church is boring and irrelevant.
Church is boring.
Church is certainly a place for cleansing and refreshing and renewal in what is healthy.
Church is child abuse.
Church is church.
Church is debt free and has a parsonage and pays all utilities.
Church is different.
Church is directly across the street from the funeral home.
Church is directly on the left.
Church is down the block on the right.
Church is essential for salvation.
Church is family, but in one sense, more than family.
Church is family.
Church is far more important, for example.
Church is fellowship as much as it is a formal worship service.
Church is first building on the right after light.
Church is first church on left .
Church is first driveway on left.
Church is for believers.
Church is for confession, for repentance and for the compassion of forgiveness.
Church is for hurting humanity.
Church is for hurting people.
Church is for seeking as well as speaking the truth in love.
Church is for the whole family.
Church is for understanding and for being understood.
Church is for whimps.
Church is free of debt at the time of dedication.
Church is gone but small cemetery remains.
Church is good for kids.
Church is good.
Church is great.
Church is handicap accessible.
Church is held in private homes rotating from one family to the next.
Church is hope in the face of so many challenges.
Church is immediately on left.
Church is immediately on the left.
Church is important IF parents value it.
Church is in background.
Church is in sight of sign.
Church is in the business of the super natural.
Church is in the first block, on the left.
Church is in the middle of the block.
Church is in third block on the left.
Church is intended for everybody.
Church is international and located mile from Fort Wainwright.
Church is intimate.
Church is just after the crest of a hill, on right hand side.
Church is just one more place to socialize.
Church is large white building approx.
Church is less than one mile on left.
Church is like a spiritual hospital.
Church is like politics.
Church is located directly behind tavern.
Church is located in downtown Washington.
Church is located miles from Fort Wainwright.
Church is located on left side.
Church is located on Right side.
Church is located on the left only one-half a mile from the interstate.
Church is located on the right.
Church is located on the west side of the square.
Church is made of cobblestone with a small three-story tower with a ladder.
Church is made up of many different age groups including many families.
Church is meant to be a healing place. . . .
Church is mile on right.
Church is mile on the left.
Church is more than a place to be refilled.
Church is much less a social custom than it was just a few decades ago.
Church is much more than a gathering place of friends.
Church is no exception.
Church is no longer in use. .
Church is no longer souls but sanctuaries, services, and status quo.
Church is no longer such a formal occasion.
Church is no stranger to success.
Church is no the left.
Church is normally open to visitors all day.
Church is now visible on left side.
Church is on corner.
Church is on east corner.
Church is on left at the top of the hill.
Church is on left at top of street.
Church is on left before light.
Church is on left just down the road, less than one mile.
Church is on left side of street.
Church is on left side.
Church is on left, near fire station.
Church is on left.
Church Is On Left.
Church is on next corner.
Church is on next left corner at Bradford.
Church is on North side, just past a small creek.
Church is on one side of road and cemetery is on the other.
Church is on right across from funeral home.
Church is on right at top of hill.
Church is on right at top of the rise.
Church is on right hand side.
Church is on right side of road.
Church is on Right side of street.
Church is on right, directly opposite the campus.
Church is on right.
Church is on rt.
Church is on the corner of Spall and Springfield.
Church is on the corner of Washington and Adams, big brick building.
Church is on the corner.
Church is on the left about a block down.
Church is on the left after the second light.
Church is on the left- entrance about half a block down.
Church is on the left halfway up the block.
Church is on the left hand side.
Church is on the left just beyond the intersection.
Church is on the left just beyond the traffic light.
Church is on the left just down the road, less than one mile.
Church is on the left just past the next traffic l ight.
Church is on the left side of road.
Church is on the left side of the road.
Church is on the left side.
Church is on the left.
Church is on the north east corner.
Church is on the north side, over the hill.
Church is on the northeast corner.
Church is on the northwest corner.
Church is on the right after sharp curve in the road.
Church is on the right and cemetery is next to it.
Church is on the right at the end of first block.
Church is on the right hand side, one block north of the trestle.
Church is on the right hand side.
Church is on the right in next block.
Church is on the right side of the road.
Church is on the right side.
Church is on the right, one block in from North Street.
Church is on the right.
Church is on the Right.
Church is on the west side.
Church is on threshold of great things, sprint to the finish line, cross line running.
Church is one block down on left.
Church is one block down on the left.
Church is one block down on the right.
Church is one block on left.
Church is one block on right - big brick building.
Church is one block on the left.
Church is one block up on the right hand side.
Church is one mile on the right.
Church is organized around small groups which can and do provide support.
Church is our top ministry priority.
Church is over and the time has come.
Church is part of a castle, in another part of the castle there is a party going on.
Church is people born of water and spirit.
Church is people.
Church is personal.
Church is place of atmosphere.
Church is powerless.
Church is racist, sexist, intolerant, hypocritical, materialistic, inauthentic, etc.
Church is really about the people anyway.
Church is right.
Church is safe.
Church is second building on right.
Church is single and lives in New Britain.
Church is so boring.
Church is something else.
Church is south one block on left.
Church is substantial frame building nicely furnished and has library and piano.
Church is supposed to be about parenting and fund raising.
Church is sweet.
Church is that village that helps to raise that child.
Church is that wonderful place, and it needs to be a key ingredient in our lives.
Church is the best book yet on how to do it.
Church is the best musical education for black kids.
Church is the bride.
Church is the farthest thing from anyone's mind.
Church is the most extraordinary place on earth.
Church is the only society on earth that exists for the benefit of non-members.
Church is the place for sophisticated, cultured people who all have their act together.
Church is the place where people dress up in fine clothes.
Church is the place where people know which fork to use.
Church is the place where religious people gather.
Church is the place where the bond of creation is celebrated.
Church is the real dream machine.
Church is their fortress of refuge.
Church is three miles on right.
Church is to build up, edify and teach.
Church is too boring.
Church is twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.
Church is two blocks north on the left.
Church is two blocks on left.
Church is two hundred yds on the right.
Church is up on the hill on the left.
Church is very important.
Church is viewed by many as irrelevant and out of touch.
Church is visible on the right.
Church is vitally important.
Church is warned about taking advantage of others.
Church is wheelchair accessable.
Church is where everyone comes to get away from the war of society.
Church is where it happens.
Church is where mistakes can be made .
Church is wonderfully supportive as well.
Church is, however, the best actor in the bunch, and is a real high point.
Church isa building.
Church lasts for two and one-half hours.
Church leave through little fever finally results satellite receiver.
Church liturgy and proper liturgical practices.
Church locations around the world.
Church looks great.
Church looks just like the pictures.
Church looks lovely.
Church loves, but deacons especially love.
Church makes it seem complex.
Church manages to achieve a sense of natural history, of natural process, in the painting.
Church matters almost wholly absent.
Church means different thing to different people.
Church offers many positive services that are available to anyone in the community.
Church open all day.
Church orders books against papal authority burned.
Church ought to be free from all dead weights.
Church owns a nice building and parsonage in the heart of the city.
Church pack through one sellers neither establish backpack sale.
Church plans train trip to explore the North American mission field.
Church ptg no.
Church Reaches Out to New Areas in Russia .
Church receives outright gift for term of trust Church can plan for longer range.
Church recognize above the clerk as fought national geographic.
Church records at Ev.
Church records Catholic priests or archivists can be helpful for Catholic born adoptees.
Church records from many Mississippi churches, including some no longer extant.
Church records from the Wellington dioceses.
Church records notebooks.
Church records on deposit .
Church records on microfilm.
Church register, ca.
Church removes to London.
Church rises to either object after bury duffel bags.
Church rulings on proper and improper uses of chocolate appear for a long time.
Church s sixth and final generalization offers hope.
Church says teaching on the Internet is extremely challenging.
Church Says to Break Up.
Church seems pretty boring.
Church sells chapel to state of Texas.
Church serves as a mediator in discussing and meeting the demands of the worker.
Church sits on a hill on the left.
Church Sits on the Right.
Church speak is a corporate language, just like companies have a corporate language.
Church speaks out against oil trade.
Church sponsors one full-time missionary in Uganda, and a church plant in Haiti.
Church still plays a major role in the upbringing of the children on the island.
Church struggles with finances however is able to meet obligations.
Church turns more and more to papacy Attacked by liberals, nationals, positivists.
Church updates preaching style and presentation.
Church wear past the index before think Student book stores.
Church work with immigrants.
Church work with minorities.
Church work with refugees.
Church work with the bereaved.
Church Works Provides tools for seeking jobs in Christian ministry, including a matching service.
Churches abound, of every faith and denomination.
Churches agree to work together on their own terms.
Churches already protect and nurture vulnerable people.
Churches also benefit from having members heed the biblical mandate to tithe.
Churches also can contact their local or regional organ procurement organizations.
Churches also can take on the role of advocates for the poor.
Churches also collect quantities of food for donation, including cereal.
Churches also face such challenges.
Churches also feel the economic pinch.
Churches also have a right to exercise authority over their members.
Churches also have open discussion meetings on the themes of the Bible programmes.
Churches also offer after-school programs and midnight basketball games popular with teens.
Churches also place various plants in narthexes, offices, and fellowship rooms to welcome people.
Churches also play an important role in community life.
Churches also provide a variety of family oriented social activities and services.
Churches also provide financial assistance for many people with disabilities.
Churches also receive financial contributions from their members on a voluntary basis.
Churches also recognize that the State has a role to play.
Churches appear out of nowhere and it seems every cow has a barn of it's own.
Churches appear simple inside, usually with simple pews and a small altar.
Churches appear to be fertile ground for recruiting new ranks of conservative activists.
Churches apply by filling out the appropriate application forms.
Churches applying to be in our church directory, please click here .
Churches are a good source for birth or christening records which include the names of both parents.
Churches are a hotbed of pro-lifers.
Churches are a natural target for race-haters. . . .
Churches are a terrific resource.
Churches are able to reach out to suffering people with amazing generosity and compassion.
Churches are active in literacy.
Churches are active.
Churches are almost always exempt.
Churches are also a good bet.
Churches are also an emerging force in community development.
Churches are also closeby .
Churches are also eligible for tax rebates on some specific uses of taxable goods.
Churches are also favorite targets.
Churches are also well served by stopping their search for the perfect gifts-discovery instrument.
Churches are always free to relate to any organization.
Churches are an important part of a community's life.
Churches are an important source of support for people with mental health problems.
Churches are an integral part of the community.
Churches are another example.
Churches are another great place to get the word out.
Churches are assemblies of believers.
Churches are associate with anti-Semitism Jewish people.
Churches are automatically exempt from Federal income tax.
Churches are automatically tax exempt.
Churches are autonomous and are the sole determiners of who preached in their pulpits.
Churches are available for all major denominations.
Churches are available for nearly all denominations.
Churches are bad.
Churches are bastions of tradition.
Churches are big, literally and historically, in Savannah.
Churches are black or white.
Churches are buildings.
Churches are 'carnival like gatherings' with fully irreverant attire and lack of contemplation.
Churches are certainly more airy and inspiring and echoey.
Churches are closed.
Churches are communities of memory and hope.
Churches are corrupt.
Churches are crucial organizations, especially in the life of small communities.
Churches are different, just as people are different.
Churches are divided.
Churches are efficient means of delivering betrayal.
Churches are equally contemptuous of constitutional and moral principles.
Churches are extremely concerned.
Churches are extremely reliable and helpful genealogical references.
Churches are few, poor, and face problems from within and without.
Churches are fire-bombed in copycat incidents often intended to promote extremist ideologies.
Churches are for religion.
Churches are for the blindly faithful.
Churches are free to meet and to evangelize.
Churches are free to print Christian literature.
Churches are frequently the beneficiaries of guilt-ridden adherents.
Churches are frequently the first to assist and welcome newcomers.
Churches are full of believers and few knowers.
Churches are full of hypocrites.
Churches are full of young women.
Churches are full.
Churches are generally in the center of most towns and cities.
Churches are generally open only during services or by appointment.
Churches are good in themselves.
Churches are good places to start a source list.
Churches are heralds of mercy, grace and justice.
Churches are here to help people, which often means money.
Churches are important in Europe.
Churches are in a unique position to provide food for the spiritually hungry of society.
Churches are in a unique position to work for safe and just communities.
Churches are in abundance.
Churches are in bad shape in regard to organists.
Churches are in competition with nonreligious organizations.
Churches are in disrepair and priests are few.
Churches are in every part of the city.
Churches are in the message business.
Churches are in the minority.
Churches are in transition, forced to the edge of society.
Churches are institutions.
Churches are key.
Churches are light-bearers.
Churches are like people.
Churches are like really small towns everybody knows everybody else s business.
Churches are like restaurants.
Churches are like that too.
Churches are like that.
Churches are like the people which comprise their membership.
Churches are mission outposts.
Churches are money hungry.
Churches are more interested in evangelization.
Churches are no different.
Churches are notorious for resisting change.
Churches are now full because of the new program.
Churches are often a difficult source for missions support.
Churches are one more consumer commodity.
Churches are open.
Churches are park benches in trailer parks.
Churches are people.
Churches are places of refuge, hospitals, reconciliation centers, and classrooms.
Churches are plentiful and schools are community oriented in nature.
Churches are plentiful as are small parks.
Churches are political pulpits.
Churches are predominantly in the Midwest.
Churches are present in the affected communities before, during and after the disaster.
Churches are probably the only intergenerational institutions open seven days a week.
Churches are quieter, and there's no smoking.
Churches are reactive to change rather than shape the future.
Churches are ready, even eager, to be child advocates.
Churches are really full and there is a general yearning for change.
Churches are reluctant to consider people who are unemployed in ministry.
Churches are responsible for updating their portion of our mailing list.
Churches are satisfied with mediocre Bible teaching.
Churches are significant land-owners as private institutions.
Churches are so afraid of losing members that pastors become mere business administrators.
Churches are Spiritual hospitals where sinners meet.
Churches are still important.
Churches are subject as well.
Churches are susceptible to declension in every conceivable way.
Churches are tax-exempt.
Churches are the buildings of humans.
Churches are the greatest bene- ficiaries, followed by children's causes.
Churches are the heart of volunteerism.
Churches are the largest single group of organizations within the non-profit sector.
Churches are the most dissatisfied owners of buildings in the world.
Churches are the most technologically backward organizations in our society.
Churches are the primary source of organized self-help.
Churches are their voice in the community.
Churches are there founded and altars erected.
Churches are too demanding.
Churches are too full of frogs in the cookie jar.
Churches are truly an untapped resource.
Churches are turned into mosques, bell towers and cathedral spires are turned into minarets.
Churches are unique in their sound needs.
Churches are usually of the rite of their founders.
Churches are vacant during the week and being heated anyway.
Churches are very active.
Churches are very expensive to build.
Churches are victims of bombings.
Churches are voluntary religious associations.
Churches are worried about being able to carry on work there if they speak out.
Churches argue about sex.
Churches arrive first, and soon after the targeted village is forced to bow under white authority.
Churches articulate that the collections they receive are allocated for pastoral works.
Churches ask for money too much.
Churches asking questions often turn first to other churches.
Churches assume responsibility for any church sponsored blocks.
Churches band together to help all people, no matter what their religion.
Churches become intellectually top-heavy.
Churches begin their fall schedule.
Churches belong to the village scene, say many people.
Churches brainstorm together to define their community's needs and organize resources.
Churches build bridges Many church prison ministries serve as bridges to the community.
Churches buy a lot of food for fund-raisers, social functions, weddings and funerals.
Churches call a pastor to be a resident holy person.
Churches can accomplish more through cooperation and sharing of resources.
Churches can affirm that children are a gift and they are everyone's responsibility.
Churches can agree in their doctrinal beliefs and yet still differ greatly with one another.
Churches can also choose to donate the money to local hunger ministries.
Churches can also inquire about special pricing plans.
Churches can also link farmers with the resources that are out there.
Churches can also offer invaluable support to families.
Churches can also reap benefits through dramatic church growth.
Churches can also support or even start maternity homes.
Churches can attract new members by announcing their various programs, upcoming sermons, etc.
Churches can be a very good source.
Churches can be good partners in creating community economic development.
Churches can be liable on the basis of negligence in two ways.
Churches can be like that.
Churches can be wrong , and churches can change their minds.
Churches can become involved financially on one of several different levels.
Churches can become prisoners of their facilities and their comfortable pattern of activities.
Churches can build communities, for one thing.
Churches can buy into being victims.
Churches can change that.
Churches can continue to bend or ignore traditional Christian teaching regarding sexual morality.
Churches can do a great deal to support families if they are tuned in to the needs of the home.
Churches can do more than politicians.
Churches can do more today.
Churches can download any or all of their data in several formats at any given time.
Churches can easily spend a lot of money on new video or computer technology.
Churches can either curse the darkness or light a lamp.
Churches can extract elements for newsletters, bulletins, and prayer groups.
Churches can fall into promising too much.
Churches can have visible reminders in meeting and worship areas.
Churches can help by providing resources to establish and maintain such partnerships.
Churches can help close such information gaps by vouching for parishioners' reliability.
Churches can help couples bond.
Churches can help their members evangelize by offering classes in friendship evangelism . . .
Churches can help with mentoring, transportation and child care.
Churches can help with the costs associated with international adoption.
Churches can integrate their staffs to help promote racial diversity in the congregation.
Churches can join our video library lending club and have access to all the titles.
Churches can look at the modifications as a mission project.
Churches can open their nurseries so parents can go to work knowing their children are safe.
Churches can operate their own pest-control program and call in experts for extraordinary problems.
Churches can order a bazaar package or order boxes of assorted crafts on consignment.
Churches can participate at any level financially, depending upon their size and interest.
Churches can play a key role in supporting families who adopt children with special needs.
Churches can play a more important role than that.
Churches can play other roles in promoting the adoption of older children.
Churches can post the church calendar, the sermon text and community activities.
Churches can post their want ad on the site as well.
Churches can provide a little food for the body, and perhaps a great deal for the soul.
Churches can provide a meal.
Churches can provide charity.
Churches can provide young mothers with much more than a flower once a year.
Churches can receive other kinds of donations.
Churches can schedule a practical faith shaping workshop for parents right here.
Churches can send one check for all of their participating members, or individuals can send payment.
Churches can send teams of a pastor and one or more laypeople.
Churches can set up programs to help children.
Churches can sometimes want pastors to fit into a mould.
Churches can still possess spiritual vitality.
Churches can structure the program according to their individual needs.
Churches can themselves become spiritually impoverished and fail to achieve their kingdom potential.
Churches can work to have 'release time' to teach a biblical worldview.
Churches cater to couples starting families, because that's when many young adults return to church.
Churches cater to families.
Churches change and neighborhoods change and even whole societies change.
Churches choose the style of evangelism appropriate to their community.
Churches choose which location to attend, but are encouraged to attend with their associations.
Churches Click the name in the first column to send an email.
Churches Close their doors over mosque dispute.
Churches collaboratively teach a structured, biblical curriculum on racial reconciliation.
Churches come in all sizes.
Churches come through The churches are doing what they can.
Churches compete rather than cooperate.
Churches complain because they want a better selection of church music.
Churches composed of that people become a laboratory for partnership in learning.
Churches conduct thanksgiving services.
Churches constantly do marketing.
Churches continue to be major outreach providers.
Churches continue to burn in Indonesia with an increasing number of deaths.
Churches continue to distribute vouchers for food, laundry services and other commodities.
Churches continue to get destroyed.
Churches continue to multiply.
Churches continue to schismatize exponentially.
Churches continue to think about Kosovo, and winter causes food shortages for the poor in Australia.
Churches cope with refugees of uncertain legal status and very real human needs.
Churches covering all major denominations are also available.
Churches creak and heave.
Churches currently hold different views.
Churches deal with individuals and personalities.
Churches depend on volunteers.
Churches deserve much of the credit for defeating gambling in Alabama and South Carolina.
Churches devise clever new ways to attract the young.
Churches die out.
Churches die when they lose touch with the communities in which they are situated.
Churches differ and battle each other over what propositions are true and necessary.
Churches differ in their approach to children.
Churches differ, however, in approaches taken to such classes.
Churches display an extreme luxury.
Churches do a lot of programming.
Churches do have a role to play in public affairs.
Churches do have markets and customers or clients.
Churches do it all the time.
Churches do make mistakes and are sometimes unwilling to admit it.
Churches do well to select pastors who enjoy the small town and feel called to a rooted life.
Churches dominate the list of authorized premarital course providers.
Churches don t just happen.
Churches dot net A listing of church websites.
Churches dry up and blow away when they fail to learn how to plug into Jesus.
Churches earn collective reputations.
Churches elicit the most trust, signifying greater credibility for churches.
Churches employ organists and choir directors, many on a full-time basis.
Churches employ people on a different basis than business.
Churches encourage each child in their church to attend.
Churches erected by the Order of Benedictine Monks are from the same century.
Churches everywhere raise money for mission work.
Churches evolve into museums.
Churches exist for the sake of their non-members .
Churches exist in many cities on all continents.
Churches expect an immediate answer from prospective pastors.
Churches face onerous restrictions on building or repairing their buildings.
Churches face two age group challenges.
Churches fail primarily because of poor leadership by the clergy.
Churches fail to reach their full potential because their memories are bigger than their dreams.
Churches fall in love with themselves and take care of themselves.
Churches fill for emotional evening or midnight services.
Churches fill their programs with amateur entertainment and folly.
Churches Find out more about the local churches.
Churches flourish everywhere, and Khartoum is brimming with scores.
Churches follow the basilican plan with tripartite sanctuaries.
Churches form an enormous and well-established network supplying education and social care.
Churches form an important part of London's architectural heritage.
Churches form committees for just about everything under the sun.
Churches form supportive bonds between members and strengthen convictions.
Churches frustrate their missionaries and the agencies when they make hasty decisions.
Churches function basically as social institutions.
Churches generally make use of the infrared technology.
Churches generally retain records of burials in their cemeteries.
Churches get reputations in their community.
Churches get things done because they generate, in the think tank-speak of the day, social capital.
Churches get very active in such times of stress.
Churches give guidelines to provide their members with some security and direction.
Churches give in to that because that is what people are interested in.
Churches give people a chance to work together, to socialize.
Churches go from being persecuted to being the persecutor.
Churches go out of business just like small businesses do.
Churches grow as priority is given to effective evangelism.
Churches grow broader through ministry.
Churches grow deeper through discipleship.
Churches grow larger through evangelism.
Churches grow stronger on our knees in prayer.
Churches grow stronger through worship.
Churches grow together from the roots.
Churches grow warmer through fellowship.
Churches grow when their members have been truly born again.
Churches grow when their members have the right motivation and objective to their labor.
Churches grow who get a reputation for reaching out into the community.
Churches have (part) bases.
Churches have (part) boilers.
Churches have (part) ceilings.
Churches have (part) church towers.
Churches have (part) courtyards.
Churches have (part) doorknobs.
Churches have (part) doorsteps.
Churches have (part) elevator cars.
Churches have (part) elevators.
Churches have (part) floors.
Churches have (part) foundation stones.
Churches have (part) hinges.
Churches have (part) interior doors.
Churches have (part) readsides.
Churches have (part) roof peaks.
Churches have (part) roofs.
Churches have (part) room light.
Churches have (part) sections.
Churches have (part) staircases.
Churches have (part) stairs.
Churches have (part) storeys.
Churches have (part) walls.
Churches have (part) window frames.
Churches have (part) windowpanes.
Churches have (part) windows.
Churches have a long tradition of giving the needy soup, soap and salvation.
Churches have a meditative atmosphere.
Churches have a powerful impact on the culture, and new churches are the best form of evangelism.
Churches have a problem with risk.
Churches have a reputation of being alive when they are dead.
Churches have a responsibility and a right to speak out on moral issues.
Churches have a role to play here.
Churches have a significant role to play in protecting the elderly from loneliness.
Churches have a special place in American history for a very good reason.
Churches have a way of holding onto to a scarcity mentality long after the crisis is over.
Churches have access to the courts as private entities.
Churches have almost no standing.
Churches have been split over it, TV preachers vilified over it, the list goes on and on.
Churches have benefit casino nights and bingo nights.
Churches have candles and incense.
Churches have different payroll reporting obligations for ministers and non-ministers.
Churches have electricity.
Churches have energy.
Churches have guest or supply preachers, and control is maintained.
Churches have happy hours.
Churches have large loans and depend on the presence of the minister.
Churches have lengthy statements of doctrine which new members supposedly agree to when they join.
Churches have midnight masses and some people go to that.
Churches have mission statements.
Churches have no right to interfere in peoples' personal choices.
Churches have organs.
Churches have presence.
Churches have profitable bingo nights.
Churches have reputations.
Churches have resources, vans that sit idle during the week, members who have talents.
Churches have rooms for education classes and most publish some type of newsletter.
Churches have sky-high utility bills, too.
Churches have spiritual energy.
Churches have strong presence.
Churches have support groups and there are many twelve-step groups.
Churches have the largest repeating audience in the world.
Churches have the luxury of developing nuanced and site specific ministries.
Churches have the space and physicians have the expertise.
Churches have the study information.
Churches have their own struggles.
Churches have to agree and commit to change to make it work.
Churches have to be ready to pay the price of fighting against poverty and exclusion.
Churches have to renounce the influence of corrupt money in their operation.
Churches have to take the lead in changing public policy.
Churches have to use Acts as the operational manual.
Churches have too many problems.
Churches have various styles and structures of leadership.
Churches help build self-worth by teaching biblical perspectives.
Churches help food banks, and provide humanitarian aid.
Churches help the citizens of any land most when they are free of government control or influence.
Churches help the less fortunate with food, housing, medical care, and advocacy.
Churches Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Churches Here are photographs of Churches etc.
Churches hire people.
Churches hold great power and wealth but it is all based on faith.
Churches host Liberian reconciliation meeting.
Churches ignore the proposal.
Churches ignore the scriptural way to have a revival.
Churches ignoring prayer refuse the only real world-changing power.
Churches impart positive family values.
Churches invite their membership, neighboring churches, and community members to participate.
Churches is the Assumption Area.
Churches is the portal to the spiritual side of the village.
Churches issue joint pastoral on fishing crisis.
Churches keep more than just birth, marriage, and death records.
Churches learn from and complement each other.
Churches learn from one another.
Churches learn from their history so that they can move forward in mission and ministry.
Churches live by recruiting new converts.
Churches living out the apostolic pattern make the opposite assumptions.
Churches look like churches.
Churches lose their leaders.
Churches maintain lists of members.
Churches maintain their independence and membership in the associations is voluntary.
Churches make a glaring and condescending spectacle of people who think differently than they.
Churches make poor governments.
Churches make steady, ongoing delivery commitments.
Churches now can encompass large institutions, including schools and recreation facilities.
Churches now have an alternate means to engage in campaign speech.
Churches now have new ways to reach and serve their community.
Churches offer a variety of family programs, open to nonmembers.
Churches offer a wealth of art and lessons in architecture.
Churches offer an array of services designed for a new person.
Churches offer problem-solving workshops.
Churches open every day but shut at lunchtime.
Churches ordain homosexual ministers and marry homosexual couples.
Churches ought to be seeing where women pastors are doing wonderful work.
Churches ought to raise up leadership from within an assembly rather than hire someone from outside.
Churches outnumber cocktail lounges by a wide margin, and gang activity is all but unheard of.
Churches pass like ships in the night.
Churches pay no sales tax, inheritance tax, income tax, personal tax, or ad valorem tax.
Churches pay postage.
Churches play a key role in promoting the adoption of older and minority children.
Churches play a major role in the community and offer a friendly welcome to residents and newcomers.
Churches play a role within any small town serving as an indicator of the community's values.
Churches play an important role in the peace movement as they do elsewhere in Dutch society.
Churches play traditionally a great role in preserving the national identity of minorities.
Churches play very important roles in communities and provide essential social services.
Churches pose heritage problems in a highly specialised form.
Churches post for free.
Churches praise and take up offering for the ministry.
Churches predominate, with some schools, public buildings, and theaters.
Churches prefer to send missionaries who have had foreign language preparation.
Churches present great opportunities for growth.
Churches prioritizes new found income in non-growth oriented expenses.
Churches proclaim that each member is a minister.
Churches provide armies of compassion to help the poor.
Churches provide breakfast foods.
Churches provide charity.
Churches provide communities of faith for students, faculty and staff.
Churches provide few resources for victims of abuse.
Churches provide for persons of all ages from babies in the nursery to senior adults.
Churches provide prayers, students and financial contributions to the college.
Churches provide religious education classes to their members.
Churches provide services and facilities.
Churches provide spiritual, social and educational services to citizens of all denominations.
Churches publish newsletters and other periodicals.
Churches Published histories, news clippings and church publications are in vertical file.
Churches purified by trials, poverty and persecution reject the teaching.
Churches put signs up for youth group graduates.
Churches put signs up for youth-group graduates.
Churches reach out to help families in their everyday lives.
Churches reach out to refugees in Egypt.
Churches read the story and sing about it in carols.
Churches really can undergo renewal.
Churches receive a special discount.
Churches receive lots of money from the monogamy fund.
Churches recognize the impact.
Churches reflect what is happening in the community.
Churches regularly speak out on what they regard as moral issues.
Churches remain unable to admit what they share in common.
Churches report declining attendances, and membership of political parties and unions is falling.
Churches represent all leading denominations.
Churches represented include a variety of denominations both in the U.S. and abroad.
Churches representing most religions are available within the City.
Churches representing the major faiths are present in the city.
Churches require very extensive and specialized building areas for the education programs of today.
Churches revive the diaconate and care for the sick, the needy, the widow, the orphan.
Churches rise and fall.
Churches rule civil government.
Churches run food-banks for the jobless throughout the state.
Churches run into all kinds of financial emergencies.
Churches say that seminaries don t make pastors like they used to.
Churches say they believe in the Bible, but unbiblical divorce and remarriage are winked at.
Churches See Churches for details regarding their histories and design.
Churches seek European support.
Churches seek people of their own kind.
Churches seek recognition to be tax-free.
Churches seem even warmer and more comforting than ever.
Churches seem mostly interested in building buildings.
Churches seem the best outlet so far.
Churches seem to be better venues for the coffeehouses then for-profit businesses.
Churches seem to be on almost every corner, and the streets all have numbers instead of names.
Churches seem to dominate.
Churches serve refreshments after services.
Churches spring up everywhere.
Churches stand tall and proud with spires pointing heavenward.
Churches still flex public muscle against the lottery and abortion.
Churches still have considerable sway over public schools and local governments.
Churches still utilize video for media-based teaching and outreach efforts.
Churches struggle as a group with faith.
Churches struggle to keep open, but get caught-up in a survival mode, the opposite of sacrifice.
Churches submit prayer requests by email or postal mail.
Churches suffer because they hurriedly fill an empty pulpit.
Churches suffer from frequent pastoral changes.
Churches survive, obviously.
Churches take differing ethical stands on the topic.
Churches take heart.
Churches take personal cheque.
Churches talk a great deal about money.
Churches tend to be small.
Churches tend to be very careful of such pieces.
Churches tend to develop characterists as they grow and establish themselves.
Churches tend to emphasize that a woman's place is in the home.
Churches tend to feed, clothe and help the poor.
Churches tend to lean toward a favorite kind of spirituality.
Churches tend to present a package that is an attempt at consensus.
Churches tend to reach a peak size.
Churches tend to seek members rather than disciples.
Churches There are many religious congregations.
Churches There are numerous churches within the area.
Churches There are twelve churches in Dryden.
Churches thrive only when their members grow spiritually.
Churches try to fill the void in member's lives through buildings, entertainment, and activities.
Churches understand health care as a moral issue.
Churches use different art or hangings behind the altar and in the sanctuary area.
Churches use flowers for the same reason.
Churches utilize condensed versions in their church bulletins.
Churches vary widely when it comes to collecting cash.
Churches vary with many different doctrines and beliefs.
Churches volunteer to be responsible for one or more dinners each year.
Churches work only with Russian speaking people because of the lack of literature in Tatar.
Churches work together through hunger walks, food pantries, homeless shelters and other activities.
Churches working ecumenically bring healing across racial, economic and political divisions.
Churches working together in communities to mentor and meet needs can make an enormous difference.
Churches worldwide unify against religious persecution .
Churches worldwide unify against religious persecution.
Churchs are bodies.
Churchs are buildings.
Churchs are houses of worship.
Churchs are located in christian communities.
Churchs are located in cities.
Churchs are located in communities.
Churchs are located in towns.
Churchs are located in weddings.
Churchs are made of members.
Churchs are organizations.
Churchs are parishs.
Churchs are places of worship.
Churchs are places.
Churchs are quiet.
Churchs are religion.
Churchs are temples.
Churchs are used for funerals.
Churchs are used for practice.
Churchs are used for prayer.
Churchs are used for quiet.
Churchs are used for serve.
Churchs are used for social support.
Churchs are used for spiritual healing.
Churchs are used for spiritual renewals.
Churchs are used for weddings.
Churchs are used for worship.
Churchs have windows.
Church always is a good place for starters, best where the welcome is spontaneous and outgoing.
Church always means groups of believers.
Churches frequently operate employment services or provide job search help.
Churches frequently operate employment services to provide job search help.
Churches often display photographs of former buildings and special events.
Churches often have difficulty remaining strong during times of pastoral transition.
Churches often have programs for young professionals.
Churches often have scaffolding inside and out or are closed.
Churches often have seasons of remembering.
Churches often offer special programs for moms.
Churches often operate like banks that clean clothes and laundries that cash checks.
Churches often provide tangible support to their own members.
Churches often put a photo of the church building on the site.
Churches often request that students work with youth or Bible study groups.
Churches often restrict the choir to members of the congregation.
Churches often set aside budget funds when an informed presentation about the project is made.
Churches often sponsor newly arrived immigrants eager to work.
Churches often stand on land of archaeological importance.
Churches often turn a blind eye to heterosexual sin.
Churches often use the above method for starting a group.
Churches often wait several weeks before calling deacons' meetings, etc.
Churches often wonder about the relevance of their denominational organization to their church.
Church sometimes offers opportunities.
Churches sometimes can be exceedingly cold, and that is sad.
Churches sometimes forget that.
Churches sometimes have illegitimate children, but they are children nonetheless.
Churches sometimes offer career counseling services.
Churches sometimes skimp on windows, thinking they're expensive and inefficient.
Church usually lacks a staff.
Churches usually commemorate anniversaries in multiples of tens or twenty-fives.
Churches usually have a meditative atmosphere.
Churches usually honour prophets only in the first generation of their life.
Churches usually prove eager to invite a group back.
ALL churches are eligible regardless of financial status or membership.
All churches are flawed in some way or other.
All churches are local churches.
All churches are mixed bags, and they all have problems of one sort or another.
All churches are open during the week.
All churches are open to the public for worship.
All churches are Presbyterian unless otherwise noted.
All churches are subject to land-use constraints.
All churches are the same.
All churches are to be solemnly dedicated or at least blessed.
All churches are true churches.
All churches are unique.
All churches are welcome to send a representative to the meetings.
All churches benefit from the services of musicians.
All churches charge a set fee.
All churches differ in some degree.
All churches do.
All Churches do.
All churches everywhere have a certain degree of health and malady.
All churches experience some resistance to a new program, any new program.
All churches have a tendency to become fortresses.
All churches have a vision, values, and mission.
All churches have an order of service.
All churches have people who serve as elders, though they have given the office different names.
All churches have problems.
All churches have some truth, but no individual church has all the truth.
All churches have something to offer.
All churches have their confusion and all denominations have had their divisions and schisms.
All churches have their own unique design and their own set of design flaws.
All churches love to welcome new members.
All churches teach one of three positions.
All churches teach the same things about baptism.
All churches use the same lessons at the same time.
All churches welcome.
Any church considering a facilities change needs to start each step with prayer.
Any church does.
Every church can build on existing small accounts.
Every church can develop mentor couples for newlyweds.
Every church continues to amaze.
Every church faces growth barriers.
Every church finds itself in a unique context, a unique mission field.
Every church has a broom closet.
Every church has a creed.
Every church has a different system.
Every church has a few senior, senior citizens who are absolutely gorgeous.
Every church has a guest-book for visitors.
Every church has a liturgy.
Every church has a purpose, a reason for being.
Every church has a right.
Every church has a statement of faith that identifies it's basic theological positions.
Every church has a testimony.
Every church has an elaborate arrangement which can take up much of the interior.
Every church has at least two congregations.
Every church has four-wheel members.
Every church has garments and robes.
Every church has some members who show concern for justice issues.
Every church has someone who has ultimate responsibility for the church building.
Every church has such traditions that have become sacred cows.
Every church has the responsibility to reproduce churches which in turn reproduce churches.
Every church is a bit intimidating to people visiting for the first time.
Every church is always available for consultation.
Every church is different.
Every church is driven by some thing.
Every church is driven by something .
Every church is driven by something.
Every church is encouraged to always lock the desks and file cabinets.
Every church is encouraged to make and bring a banner depicting a mission theme.
Every church is encouraged to send a youth representative to our meetings.
Every church is entitled to two representatives plus their pastor.
Every church is evangelical and every church has some gifted members meeting the needs of society.
Every church is made up of persons with differing tastes in music.
Every church is provided a catalog of the conference s audiovisual resources.
Every church is provided a catalog of the conference's audiovisual resources.
Every church is unique and has their own unique requirements.
Every church is unique but the similarities among many are scary.
Every church is unique.
Every church is worth visiting.
Every church makes the choice.
Every church needs a double set of service books and hymn books.
Every church needs a voice.
Every church needs an icon.
Every church needs good bells.
Every church needs some new faces .
Every church needs to consider providing space for a Christian day school.
Every church needs to decide how they can best meet the worship needs of their children.
Every church needs to have a system for elder-caregiver education and support.
Every church needs to return to the beginning and sponsor a new mission.
Every church needs to use both individuals and machines to reach the lost in today's world.
Every church needs to work through how to be relevant to the people they have the ability to reach.
Every church now seems a divided kingdom against itself.
Every church open one room for the homeless by using seventy-six ways.
Every church ought to be a brook in the way.
Every church probably has a mission statement.
Every church seems to have a coffee hour.
Every church survives by donations.
Every church thinks it is a friendly church.
Every church unconsciously allows people to commit crimes on credit.
Many churches frequently have self help group meetings.
Many church have both kinds of people.
Many churches allow such practices in their worship services.
Many churches already have missionaries that they send out.
Many churches already require or strongly encourage premarital counseling.
Many churches also collect canned goods on game day.
Many churches also contain a collection of superb liturgical objects.
Many churches also have ADD support groups.
Many churches also have similar programs.
Many churches approve of everyone in the congregation speaking simultaneously in tongues.
Many churches are creatively and legally using movies and movie clips in worship and education.
Many churches are far too busy.
Many churches are happy to rent space at minimal cost.
Many churches are heritage buildings that have been upgraded.
Many churches are in stalling electronic security systems to keep their congregations safe.
Many churches are like a revolving door, people come and go and are never seen again.
Many churches are like caterpillars.
Many churches are mere skeletons now, green mold spreading over their broken wooden bones.
Many churches are old, and in some cases actually predate the use of electricity.
Many churches are open during the day for people to visit.
Many churches are open only in the morning.
Many churches are simply slow to embrace change, they contend.
Many churches are unaware of the World Wide Day of Prayer for Children at Risk.
Many churches are under restoration.
Many churches begin with Bible studies and prayer meetings in private homes.
Many churches begin with donated computers or the computers already in their church office.
Many churches believe that they can effectively minister a great distance from their local church.
Many churches bleed the spirituality out of religion in the name of public piety.
Many churches characterize themselves as non-denominational.
Many churches charge less for weddings of members than nonmembers.
Many churches collect a weekly money offering as part of their worship service.
Many churches conduct services nightly.
Many churches desire to support students through direct scholarship assistance.
Many churches do photocopy music for music groups, choirs etc, but have been doing so illegally.
Many churches draw membership from a geographic area much wider than the immediate neighborhood.
Many churches echo that view.
Many churches emphasize performance, morally and spiritually.
Many churches even have histories with detailed sketches of early settlers.
Many churches fall because of pride.
Many churches find that their building becomes a serious drain on their ministry.
Many churches first order a trial robe.
Many churches have a clinics staffed by a medical professional who is a church member.
Many churches have a concept that the pastor is paid to be the evangelist.
Many churches have a large network of volunteers willing to provide help in the patient's home.
Many churches have a mixture of all three types of light.
Many churches have a slide projector or overhead projector hidden away in some back closet.
Many churches have a strong missions program for children.
Many churches have acoustical problems and the problems are serious.
Many churches have an elder board consisting of several men, along with a paid pastoral staff.
Many churches have an ethos as a part of their denominational tradition or leadership style.
Many churches have basement entries that are hidden from view.
Many churches have cell groups, where members have optional participation.
Many churches have designers who are willing to volunteer.
Many churches have early services.
Many churches have excellent education programs and thrilling worship.
Many churches have kitchens and halls that can be used for next to nothing.
Many churches have members who break every one of the ten commandments.
Many churches have newsletter policies .
Many churches have no systematic approach to involving their members in small groups.
Many churches have numerous visitors throughout the year.
Many churches have scholarships for college students.
Many churches have seven windows on each side of the nave, numbers some consider holy.
Many churches have special sermons and programs.
Many churches have tapes of their services available.
Many churches have to be guarded during the night to prevent damages or worse.
Many churches have to combine wide age ranges due to many factors, cost, lack of teachers, etc.
Many churches have windows made of colored glass .
Many churches have windows made of colored glass.
Many churches help community food programs for hungry people.
Many churches hold 'praise worship' services, complete with lively music.
Many churches hold special services for animals.
Many churches hold special worship services during the season.
Many churches install electronics to compensate for the acoustic they strip from a building.
Many churches invite other churches in their area to attend a seminar.
Many churches let gays and lesbians give their tithes and worship, yet refuse to bless their unions.
Many churches let their young people create their own question sets .
Many churches light the Paschal Candle at all services until then.
Many churches look to empty nesters to provide strong financial support and leadership resources.
Many churches maintain christening records, which in most cases are naming ceremonies.
Many churches maintain extensive calendars and hagiographies, or writings about the saints.
Many churches make it a point to help with food, or bus tickets, but never give out money.
Many churches make mission trips several times annually.
Many churches marry same-sex couples.
Many churches meet in homes which have no pews for seating.
Many churches now install a drama team and an orchestra pit before ever considering an altar rail.
Many churches now project the words onto a screen and the congregation sings without the music.
Many churches now sanctify gay partnerships, and even more are considering it.
Many churches now use accounting software.
Many churches offer after school tutoring programs.
Many churches offer classes and seminars to help married people with relationships.
Many churches offer day care and school opportunities in addition to their worship programs.
Many churches offer different levels to appeal to different levels of spiritual maturity.
Many churches offer different styles of worship at different services.
Many churches offer excellent day care.
Many churches offer relationship classes, and marriage counselors abound.
Many churches offer singles groups and activities specifically geared toward singles.
Many churches offer specialized programs for the youth and senior citizens.
Many churches operate from volunteerism.
Many churches operate private schools, including seminaries and universities.
Many churches paint their doors red.
Many churches place their spittoons inconveniently along the sides of the sanctuary.
Many churches plan a full program of ongoing missions education as they grow.
Many churches post their Affirmation or include it in their bulletin.
Many churches prefer to do it right before the offering.
Many churches prefer to have a conference of three to eight days of consecutive meetings.
Many churches provide Bibles and hymnals in Braille for the blind.
Many churches provide church service also in foreign languages.
Many churches provide entertainment allowances or reimbursements.
Many churches provide free counseling.
Many churches provide prayer for sick and diseased persons.
Many churches provide quarterly or annual records of giving.
Many churches publicize accounts of results from prayers.
Many churches pull their biggest crowds with musical entertainment.
Many churches rely heavily on volunteer labor for remodeling or construction projects.
Many churches remain un-built, unable to get needed funds or bank loans.
Many churches require an organist, usually on a part-time basis.
Many churches require couples to undergo pre-marital counseling.
Many churches say they believe in the Bible, but church discipline is never practiced.
Many churches see the worship service as the front door to church membership.
Many churches seem more focused on preserving themselves than on doing mission.
Many Churches seem to the world to be doing everything right.
Many churches send buses or vans to campus to transport students to church.
Many churches seriously study the Bible.
Many churches serve a variety of nationalities including African, Hispanic and Asian.
Many churches sing it at the end of their services.
Many churches spend most of their money on themselves.
Many churches sprinkle children with a water and repeat the above scripture.
Many churches stand as monuments to fund-raising possibilities.
Many churches stand on the same spot where early missionaries first established Celtic communities.
Many churches start out with such a mission.
Many churches still get it wrong.
Many churches still have it and occasionally they find a copy floating around.
Many churches still have no local compassionate outreach.
Many churches still practise a plural ministry with the leading minister placed on salary.
Many churches still use it for their liturgical worship.
Many churches struggle with meeting financial needs.
Many churches take a do-nothing approach.
Many churches teach against pastors being divorced and remarried.
Many churches try to keep the commandments, but are often unaware that they have been altered .
Many churches use a four-candled wreath, lighting a new candle each week.
Many churches use color.
Many churches use corporate responses in worship.
Many churches use their sites to enhance congregational life.
Many churches view choir robes as a capital expense, purchasing a quantity every few years.
More churches are willing to send and more teams are going.
More churches offer services in Spanish.
Most churches accomplish far more than they give themselves credit for.
Most Churches acknowledge the problem of abuse in our society, but they are afraid to address it.
Most churches affect interstate commerce to some extent.
Most churches allocate an absolute pittance to youth ministry.
Most churches are handicap accessible.
Most churches are havens for prescientific and reactionary views of religion.
Most churches are in fact a mixture of new and old.
Most churches are museums for saints rather than hospitals for sinners.
Most churches are open.
Most churches are relatively small and encourage interaction and involvement.
Most churches are unprepared for the new ground rules.
Most churches are within walking distance.
Most churches are, at best, reaching the children and close relatives of church members.
Most churches are, indeed, a long way from recognizing same-sex marriages.
Most churches belong to a larger group of churches or denomination.
Most churches can ratchet up their performance without spending a great deal of time and money.
Most churches care for their people and treat everyone who attends like family.
Most churches choose to set aside a weekend.
Most churches demand that the service end with a closing song and a closing prayer.
Most churches display a cross as a work of art in the sanctuary.
Most churches divide the scholarship fund equally among all eligible applicants.
Most churches do register in order to get tax benefits.
Most churches do.
Most churches find that it is their members who are visiting the church's website most often.
Most churches get generous handouts from state coffers, lottery grants and so on.
Most churches give information material to visitors.
Most churches have a continuous flow of people going and coming.
Most churches have a lot of momentum when they go public.
Most churches have a sign out front enticing passers-by to join.
Most churches have a weakness that they tend to ignore.
Most churches have a weekly testimony meeting where people can speak of their healings.
Most churches have about one percent that is really a cancer.
Most churches have at least one computer, either in the church office or the pastor's office.
Most churches have at least one.
Most churches have at least some land around their church building for which they are stewards.
Most churches have budget counseling available.
Most churches have choirs who participate in church services.
Most churches have classes using such materials.
Most churches have Deacons, and some have Elders as well.
Most churches have electricity.
Most churches have energy.
Most churches have equipping tracks in place.
Most churches have family activities on a regular basis.
Most churches have far more in agreement than people ever realize.
Most churches have far more people in worship than they do in small groups.
Most churches have foyer's at the back of the church.
Most churches have groups that regularly do it.
Most churches have plans to hire a children's pastor in the next few years.
Most churches have prayer chains.
Most churches have presence.
Most churches have reputations.
Most churches have services several nights per week to accommodate the crowds of people who attend.
Most churches have similar stories.
Most churches have some members who are willing to give extraordinary gifts.
Most churches have some outreach services.
Most churches have somewhere between two and six homeschooling families.
Most churches have spiritual energy.
Most churches have strong presence.
Most churches have the revival expenses of travel, motel, advertising, etc. in their budget.
Most churches have too much money in the bank to begin with.
Most churches hold mourning services.
Most churches honor the long-time traditions of worship.
Most churches let the singers stay inside, near the piano and organ.
Most churches look more like a cemetery than they do a training camp for soldiers.
Most churches now support the leading minister full-time.
Most churches offer regular Bible study, and some host discussion groups focusing on other material.
Most churches offer special activities just for senior citizens.
Most churches only keep records back to the date the church or parish was formed.
Most churches pay too much for architecture services .
Most churches prefer rich young ruler types.
Most churches provide a parsonage and utilities.
Most churches purchase non-owned auto liability coverage as part of their church insurance program.
Most churches reflect the elements of the correlating models.
Most churches require proof of membership.
Most churches say they are loving, friendly, and welcoming.
Most churches see the web in terms of a digital pamphlet and have that much content online.
Most Churches seem to concentrate on the first, justification.
Most churches stay small because they start and then remain as a single cell organization.
Most churches swing to one side or another of a giant pendulum.
Most churches talk about integrity and accountability.
Most churches use poetry in the form of Psalms or prayers.
Most churches use statues.
Most churches utilize only a fraction of a program's capabilities.
Most churches welcome visitors of all backgrounds.
Most churches worship using blended or alternate elements.
Some church councils frown on raffles, auctions or bingo.
Some churches add cell groups to the other programs and think they have become a cell church.
Some churches add footwashing as a third ordinance.
Some churches already do exactly that.
Some churches already have more equipment than they can use.
Some churches also have a live nativity service.
Some churches also offer activities for children after school and on weekends.
Some churches also provide child care before and after staffed by volunteers.
Some churches also provide financial help or services to their members.
Some churches are able to start a new service with as little as three months' planning.
Some churches are concerned that their congregations grow larger than the one down the street.
Some churches are confused about the changes, and some pastors are keeping their people uninformed.
Some churches are congregational in government.
Some churches are cool to new people, or stifled with boring worship services.
Some churches are different in their doctrines and traditions which they practice.
Some churches are different in their goals and purposes for existence.
Some churches are different in their organizational arrangement.
Some churches are excited about the possibilities and on board with reproducing.
Some churches are fairly wealthy, while others are incredibly poor.
Some churches are heavy on formality, others are very flexible and unstructured.
Some churches are in bad locations.
Some churches are like a cruise ship, others are like a battle ship.
Some churches are like decaffeinated coffee.
Some churches are like that f ire extinguisher.
Some churches are like that.
Some churches are more difficult that others.
Some churches are more fun than others.
Some churches are more strict in enforcing the shunning than others.
Some churches are quite stable and can reasonably do it.
Some churches are self-centered.
Some churches are simply accident prone.
Some churches are simply out of touch.
Some churches are so liberal that everything is tolerated, even the sin of homosexuality.
Some churches are too small.
Some churches are, on rather dubious authority, ascribed to the Norsemen.
Some churches ask that the couple attend pre-nuptial consultations.
Some churches ask visitors to introduce themselves.
Some churches assign a mentor to each new person.
Some churches attach meanings to the four candles, such as hope, peace, love and joy.
Some churches average more than four dollars per member.
Some churches bear a striking resemblance to that sterile atmosphere.
Some churches call an ordained youth pastor.
Some churches celebrate All Souls' Day.
Some churches change the day's vestments to rose and adorn the sanctuary with flowers.
Some churches charge none, others charge more.
Some churches check a person's faith by asking doctrinal questions.
Some churches choose pulpits that are a blend of Plexiglas and wood.
Some churches choose small groups centered on service, Bible study, or fellowship.
Some churches claim to be an outgrowth or offshoot of our lines of apostolic succession.
Some churches claim to be teaching the whole truth or the full truth.
Some churches combine positions in order to have a missions pastor.
Some churches conduct public child dedication services.
Some churches connect by mail.
Some churches conscientiously refuse to have crosses on the premises.
Some churches consider the term elder to be synonymous with pastor .
Some churches decide to pay for the expenses of the dinner.
Some churches decide to pay the cost of publication out of church funds.
Some churches develop faster than others for a variety of reasons.
Some churches devote themselves to works of mercy or intensive committee administration.
Some churches display work of local artists.
Some churches do both.
Some churches do five or six year cycles.
Some churches do it different though.
Some churches DO spend a couple of thousand dollars converting their rooms.
Some churches drug their heels.
Some churches employ specially trained members of the laity to conduct nonliturgical functions.
Some churches encounter the problem of their worship style being offensive to visitors.
Some churches encourage extra times of fellowship, or acts of charity.
Some churches enroll persons automatically whenever they unite with the church.
Some churches evangelize, and baptize, others fossilize.
Some churches even have women preachers which is completely against the Bible.
Some churches even schedule banquets on the riverboats.
Some churches exclude people for a number of reasons.
Some churches exist for the pastor, while others exist for the members.
Some churches fail to appreciate effective ministry in their demands for numerical results.
Some churches fail to recognize the potential for ministry that single adults offer.
Some churches feel that only senior adults are able to greet.
Some churches find that selecting hospitality teams to assist the coordinator is helpful.
Some churches find the panels so useful that they order more.
Some churches focus on a maintenance mentality.
Some churches get even more explicit.
Some churches give one to each member or household as a part of the annual financial campaign.
Some churches give visitors candy-filled mugs.
Some churches go to great length to denounce the others.
Some churches go to great lengths to keep street children out.
Some churches grow and attract new people continually.
Some churches have a banquet during the week.
Some churches have a board of deacons, while others answer to a synod, convention, or association.
Some churches have a budget that is made up of all of the budgets of the small groups.
Some churches have a different class each weekend.
Some churches have a fuller description and some have pictures.
Some churches have a good mentoring program.
Some churches have a low commitment history or personality.
Some churches have a multiple leadership pattern, others have new patterns.
Some churches have a stained glass window in front that is lit by electricity.
Some churches have aggressive outreach ministries, some have none.
Some churches have all the pews one behind the other from the front to the back of the church.
Some churches have bishops but no elders.
Some churches have classes for preschoolers during the worship service.
Some churches have elementary schools.
Some churches have emergency funds.
Some churches have events where children can come and make gifts for family members.
Some churches have facilities for baptising people by immersion.
Some churches have formal ordination procedures.
Some churches have great pipe organs, some have orchestras, some have small ensembles.
Some churches have group confessions.
Some churches have induction loop systems.
Some churches have links to pictures and maps.
Some churches have little boxes with a separation between the priest and the person confessing.
Some churches have many older members and very few younger members.
Some churches have multiple visions, conflicting values, and fuzzy missions.
Some churches have music directors who do all the music rehearsals and lead the band and vocals.
Some churches have no buildings.
Some churches have one a month.
Some churches have parish nurses in charge of health education for their memberships.
Some churches have picnic tables set up.
Some churches have professional staff in charge of preschool work.
Some churches have programs that reach out to the children in their local community.
Some churches have schools that the children can attend.
Some churches have separate sessions for business, congregation and pastoral functions.
Some churches have services every day.
Some churches have sign choirs.
Some churches have similar events.
Some churches have small baptismal fonts.
Some churches have some catching up to do.
Some churches have soup suppers and fund drives to help raise funds for MLH services.
Some churches have special activities for international students.
Some churches have the audacity to make premillennialism a test of orthodoxy.
Some churches have the praise hymn, the dedication hymn, etc.
Some churches have their own web page, which is put together by the young adults of their parish.
Some churches have undesignated memorial funds available.
Some churches have very rough brick 'facades' because the marble was never put on.
Some churches have visiting psychologists, nurses or social workers.
Some churches have wonderful sites out there.
Some churches hold regular services inside jail, forming a spiritual community with inmates.
Some churches hold special services every day of the week.
Some churches hold the Bible in one hand and ADD to it with the other.
Some churches honor their pastor and staff members on the anniversary date of their employment.
Some churches invite all newly baptized members to go through such seminars.
Some churches justify their stance by saying it is their duty to be preservers of tradition.
Some churches let members file a card with their choices in the church office.
Some churches limit administration of communion to special authorities or to special buildings.
Some churches limit their rentals to non-profit organizations only.
Some churches look closed for business.
Some churches make no distinction in training ruling elders and deacons.
Some churches make use of club programs and some are looking for resources.
Some churches move to team ministry rapidly with a church-wide overhaul.
Some churches name two and others more sacraments.
Some churches never mention the Holy Spirit at all.
Some churches never recover.
Some churches never show their clergy any appreciation.
Some churches observe communion once a month, some every two weeks others once a week.
Some churches occupy entire city blocks and more.
Some churches offer a traditional style of worship while others are more contemporary.
Some churches offer it daily, some weekly, some monthly, and some a few times a year.
Some churches offer scholarships for members.
Some churches offer such to pastors and, sad but true, the opportunity is turned down.
Some churches offer the morning's sermon tape immediately after the service.
Some churches only allow church members in good standing to partake of communion.
Some churches only have prayer for the offering.
Some churches opt for pulpits of Plexiglas, which cost less than glass.
Some churches opt to keep the Bible visible on the pulpit and keep a small desk for notes.
Some churches ordain ministers with only a high school education.
Some churches plan for times of meaningful silence during the worship hour.
Some churches possess birds.
Some churches provide niches within the church or as a part of a garden wall.
Some churches provide scholarships to students who are members.
Some churches provide some or all of their staff with the use of a church-owned vehicle.
Some churches provide their pastors with a modest budget for meals related to church work.
Some churches rent out their parsonages.
Some churches report the practice thrives, but there are skeptics.
Some churches require students to apply for the scholarship.
Some churches require such courses before a marriage within the church.
Some churches run after school cubs and activity evenings.
Some churches run food pantries, which easily run out of both food and money to continue their work.
Some churches run holiday clubs which are a mixture of fun with some basic Christian teaching.
Some churches say homosexuality is fine.
Some churches see formal membership as too structured, too rigid.
Some churches see the submission of women and the primacy of men as central to their theology.
Some churches send men down to preach.
Some churches serve communion once a month, some do more or less frequently.
Some churches share a similar fate.
Some churches share space with schools or private businesses.
Some churches sit on hilltops, others on the prairie.
Some churches sponsor counseling centers and some educational institutions have counseling services.
Some churches spread palm leaves and branches for a processional into the sanctuary.
Some churches still hold that line.
Some churches substitute a pink candle for one of the purple ones.
Some churches supply a little booklet neat to the seats.
Some churches teach baptism is a sacrament, some that it is necessary for salvation.
Some churches teach salvation by personal effort.
Some churches teach such a belief, even to the extent of making it a major doctrinal issue.
Some churches teach that there are 'major' sins and 'minor' sins.
Some churches tear down their parsonages and use the land to build other facilities.
Some churches train their people well, while others have been less successful.
Some churches urge use of liturgies for coming out.
Some churches use a common cup for the wine or juice, and some use individual cups.
Some churches use a cross for processions, but retain a crucifix as a devotional image.
Some churches use bishops.
Some churches use coupons that are redeemed as they attend a women's meeting.
Some churches use four blue candles to emphasize the hopeful anticipation of the season.
Some churches use it in their religious services.
Some churches use it to identify their area for worship.
Some churches use plants and banners.
Some churches use special candles during advent.
Some churches use the term sacraments instead of ordinances.
Some churches use the Web site to equip members for ministry.
Some churches use the Web to reach out to teen-agers or to connect with people overseas.
Some churches use trained mentor couples.
Some churches use videos to enhance worship for people of all ages.
Some churches waive the rental fee for members.
Some churches worship their beautiful building.
A churchman is a clergyman
Churchman prefers to use the Teaching Responsible Thinking plan.
Many churchmen sport theological bell-bottoms.
A churchyard is a yard
Churchyard isa tract.
Churchyards provide an excellent environment for the study of lichen biology and colonisation.
Churlish gulls pick at fast food wrappers kicking down the dock.
Churn Creek is a remote area with difficult access.
Churn rate is the industry term for the rate at which subscribers leave a service.
A churn is a vessel
Churn goes way down as time goes on.
Churn is in excellent condition, lid has some mild cracking.
Churn topples the incumbent and creates a platform ideal for more innovation and birth.
Churns are mechanical devices.
Churns are vessels.
Churnings are movement.
Churnings are stock trading.
Chute clips attach rails to silo rods at any position along rails.
Chute cutoffs occur mostly in meandering fluvial systems.
Chute deflector minimizes now kicking back.
Chute soils lack stratification within the control section.
Chute waterfalls force a large amount of water through narrow vertical passages at a high pressure.
A chute is rescue equipment
Chutes are nylon with nylon shroud linesand come in assorted colors.
Chutes provide an easy way to give vaccines, shots, and condition score.
A chutney is a condiment
Chutneys are condiments.
Chutneys are easy to make, versitile, and distinctive.
Chutneys are food.
Chutneys are mixtures of fruits or vegetables, either fresh or cooked in a thick sauce.
Chutneys range from smooth to chunky with spiciness from mild to hot.
Chutti time is a time for both fun and education.
A chutzpa is rudeness
Chutzpa is the courage to risk and the ability to break the ice.
A chylomicron is a particle
Chylomicrons are atoms.
Chylomicrons are mostly triglycerides.
Chylomicrons are the largest and least dense.
Chylomicrons enter lacteals and are carried away by lymph.
Chylomicrons enter the bloodstream and deliver their triglyceride to adipose tissue and muscle.
Chylomicrons function primarily to transport dietary triglycerides from the intestines.
Chytrid zoospores are unique as they are the only ones that have a whip-like flagellum.
CIs are varied in their backgrounds, experience, philosophy, and resources available.
A ciao is acknowledgement
CIAO also coordinates student and parent research surveys.
CIAO also has advice leaflets for mature students and on finance.
CIAO can provide details on the various courses.
CIAO links significant collections of conceptual art for scholars, students, and the public.
Ciaos are websites.
CIBS classes carry fees that fit easily into most budgets.
CIBS work builds on an already established research base.
Some cicada killers guard territory.
Some cicada nymph reaches maturity.
Some cicada recipes call for sauces.
Some cicada recipes call for spice sauces.
A cicada is an insect
Cicada has only a small supporting role in the exhibition.
Cicada is published quarterly.
Cicada isa insect.
Cicadas are active underground, tunneling and feeding.
Cicadas are animals.
Cicadas are big and heavy.
Cicadas are common insects, more often heard than seen since the majority are aboreal.
Cicadas are fascinating insects.
Cicadas are harmless, though they're big enough to startle humans.
Cicadas are herbivores, as are root maggots and mole crickets .
Cicadas are insects.
Cicadas are large, stout insects.
Cicadas are like people, some are smarter than others.
Cicadas are mainly warm-temperate to tropical in habitat.
Cicadas are medium to large insects with long, transparent wings held peaked over the body at rest.
Cicadas are medium to large insects with long, transparent wings.
Cicadas are mostly beneficial.
Cicadas are notorious singers.
Cicadas are parasites.
Cicadas are present, which is mouth watering stuff for the trout.
Cicadas are related to leafhoppers and spittlebugs .
Cicadas are related to leafhoppers and spittlebugs.
Cicadas are the largest insects in their order and are closely related to aphids and scale insects.
Cicadas are the longest-lived insects in North America.
Cicadas are the most efficient and loudest sound-producing insects in existence.
Cicadas are usually green with red and black markings.
Cicadas are warmth lovers.
Cicadas begin life.
Cicadas begin secret life.
Cicadas begin to call during the day, katydids at night.
Cicadas belong to a completely different insect order from locusts.
Cicadas belong to the group of insects called homopterans .
Cicadas breathe through apertures along the side of their body called spiracles.
Cicadas contain some more significance in their life.
Cicadas cover a playset in Springfield, Virginia.
Cicadas decide their individual time to born which is a cool idea.
Cicadas do little if any injury while feeding on plants.
Cicadas emerge as delicate insects.
Cicadas emerge as insects.
Cicadas emerge in huge groups, numbering millions of insects.
Cicadas emerge in summer.
Cicadas exist on every continent but Antarctica.
Cicadas feed by piercing the surface of plants with their mouth stylets.
Cicadas feed on juice.
Cicadas have (part) air sacs.
Cicadas have (part) brains.
Cicadas have (part) carapaces.
Cicadas have (part) cell membranes.
Cicadas have (part) cells.
Cicadas have (part) corpi.
Cicadas have (part) cytoplasm.
Cicadas have (part) ears.
Cicadas have (part) faces.
Cicadas have (part) flight feathers.
Cicadas have (part) heads.
Cicadas have (part) nuclei.
Cicadas have (part) plasma membranes.
Cicadas have (part) quill feathers.
Cicadas have (part) sections.
Cicadas have (part) shells.
Cicadas have (part) skulls.
Cicadas have (part) thoraxes.
Cicadas have (part) vacuoles.
Cicadas have auditory organs.
Cicadas have chunky bodies and bulging eyes.
Cicadas have clear wings.
Cicadas have cyclic populations, so insect numbers can vary widely from one year to the next.
Cicadas have defense mechanisms.
Cicadas have development.
Cicadas have eyes.
Cicadas have large, membranous forewings which easily extend beyond their abdomen.
Cicadas have lifespans.
Cicadas have mechanisms.
Cicadas have organs.
Cicadas have ranges.
Cicadas have transparent wings.
Cicadas have unusual defense mechanisms.
Cicadas have wings.
Cicadas live for weeks.
Cicadas live for years.
Cicadas live in areas.
Cicadas live most of their lives as nymphs underground.
Cicadas live mostly in warm areas.
Cicadas make excellent bait.
Cicadas make music a sharp scraping sound.
Cicadas make sound.
Cicadas make their living place in the cool places on earth.
Cicadas produce noise in their stomach with tymbals.
Cicadas produce sound.
Cicadas serve an important role in their ecosystem.
Cicadas shed shells.
Cicadas shed skin.
Cicadas sing in the trees and lizards scamper out of the way.
Cicadas sing shrilly, up to that pitch of emergency, and stop, and start again.
Cicadas spend most of their lives sucking juice from the roots of trees.
Cicadas spend the majority of their life as larvae underground feeding on the roots of trees.
Cicadas spend the majority of their lives underground.
Cicadas think the sounds made by power tools and lawn maintenance equipment are made by cicadas.
Cicadas use their mouth to suck sap.
Cicadas often trample each other in the rush to find a place on a tree to molt.
All cicadas leave behind an exuvium of the final nymphal instar once successfully emerged.
Most cicadas are larvae a much shorter period of time.
Most cicadas begin life.
Most cicadas begin secret life.
Most cicadas emerge as delicate insects.
Most cicadas emerge as insects.
Most cicadas emerge in summer.
Most cicadas have a pair of tymbals or domed, drum-like organs on the sides of the abdomen.
Most cicadas have auditory organs.
Most cicadas have clear wings.
Most cicadas have defense mechanisms.
Most cicadas have development.
Most cicadas have eyes.
Most cicadas have lifespans.
Most cicadas have mechanisms.
Most cicadas have organs.
Most cicadas have ranges.
Most cicadas have transparent wings.
Most cicadas have unusual defense mechanisms.
Most cicadas have wings.
Most cicadas live in areas.
Most cicadas make sound.
Most cicadas produce sound.
Some cicadas become adults.
Some cicadas cause damage.
Some cicadas cause minor damage.
Some cicadas emerge in nights.
Some cicadas enter nymph stages.
Some cicadas enter stages.
Some cicadas feed on plants.
Some cicadas have activities.
Some cicadas have fluid.
Some cicadas have katydids.
Some cicadas have sides.
Some cicadas have strategies.
Some cicadas have years.
Some cicadas live in states.
Some cicadas live up to months.
Some cicadas make meals.
Some cicadas make tasty meals.
Some cicadas resemble insects.
Some cicadas serve as food.
Some cicadas sit in grass.
Some cicadas use chirp sound.
Some cicadas use distinct sound.
Some cicadas use sound.
Cicatricial alopecia occurs because of inflammation scarring.
Cicatricial atelectasis is pulmonary collapse due to parenchymal or pleural scarring.
Cicatrices turn red around edges, itch and are covered with vesicles.
Cicatrix is a symptom
Cicely teachers have a variety of collaborative strategies.
A cicero is a linear measure
Cicero beats that argument down by calling the people fickle and the priests stable.
Cicero does have some successful gang-intervention programs.
A cicerone is a guide
Cicerones begin their new member recruitement during the Spring Semester.
Most cichlid movements are either threats or flirting.
Cichlid Pond Describes the care and maintenance of African cichlid tanks.
Cichlid tanks benefit from plants as much as any other.
A cichlid is a bony fish
Cichlid can regenerate their teeth throughout their lifetime.
Cichlid is a software toolkit that facilitates real-time visualization of remote data sets.
Cichlids are an extremely diverse family of fishes, most of which are found in rift lakes in Africa.
Cichlids are famous for their speciation in East African lakes .
Cichlids are famous for their speciation in East African lakes.
Cichlids are fish.
Cichlids are highly diverse in maximum size, coloration, behavior, and ecology.
Cichlids are our specialty.
Cichlids are popular aquarium fish.
Cichlids are popular in the aquarium hobby for a four reason.
Cichlids are small bony fish whose mouth parts have evolved to suit their different eating patterns.
Cichlids are somewhat perchlike, but have a single nostril on each side instead of two.
Cichlids come in a surprising diversity of shapes, sizes and colours.
Cichlids derive their popularity mainly from the care they bestow on their offspring.
Cichlids differ in size, body shape, coloration, and breeding habits.
Cichlids fight for a reason.
Cichlids have a varied behaviour and are established study objects of ethologists.
Cichlids inhabit the warm rivers and lakes of South America and Africa.
Cichlids like to eat - there's two ways about it.
Cichlids make a great addition to any fish tank, but can become very territorial and aggressive.
Cichlids make good tank mates.
Cichlids offer the color and beauty of saltwater fish without the expense and hassle.
Cichlids show polychromatism in other water systems as well.
Cichlids use color to recognize mates of the correct species.
Cichlids usually make very much dirt and the filter has to work very well.
All cichlids practise some form of parental care.
Many cichlids are great jumpers too.
Many Cichlids are very beautiful and exhibit unique morphology.
Most cichlids build nests for their young, but some species carry the eggs in their mouths.
Most cichlids have a classical fish shape.
Some cichlids eat snails.
Some cichlids require, even demand, aquatic plants as an integral part of the environment.
CIDD staff encourages career service employees to use the facility for training.
Cider apples are usually too tart to eat immediately .
Cider apples are usually too tart to eat immediately.
Cider apples contain high levels of tannins and significant amounts of malic acid.
A cider mill is machinery
Cider mill is antique rack and cloth.
Cider vinegar can help a great deal against watery eyes.
Cider vinegar gives a nice flavor.
Cider vinegar is in every respect a plant product.
Cider vinegar is milder and sweeter than most wine vinegars.
Cider vinegar is obtained from the fermentation of fruit juices.
Cider vinegar is vinegar
Cider vinegar is vinegar.
Cider can be hard or soft.
Cider can only be as good as what goes into it.
Cider costs less than wine , and is often served in pubs and other places where young people go .
Cider costs less than wine, and is often served in pubs and other places where young people go.
Cider differs from apple juice in that cider goes through less filtration.
Cider explores family love of varied kinds and moral worth.
Cider flows from the small tank, through special siphon spigots and into the bottles.
Cider is a drink from the juice of an apple.
Cider is a drink
Cider is also a very popular drink.
Cider is also an integral part of Breton culture.
Cider is also available.
Cider is beverages.
Cider is currently in a similar situation to that which faced beer some twenty years ago.
Cider is different enough that it is attractive to investors if presented well.
Cider is dutied in bands according to strength.
Cider is excellent and is made also locally with slightly acidic green apples.
Cider is frequently drunk with food, as well as wine.
Cider is fresh crushed apple juice in season.
Cider is made from fermented apple juice.
Cider is made here.
Cider is made there and livestock is farmed.
Cider is one of the oldest beverages known.
Cider is ripe after a few days when yeast slows.
Cider is the fermented juice of crushed apples.
Cider is the ideal accompaniment to food.
Cider is used for drinking.
Cider is warm.
Cider isa beverage.
Cider needs constant refrigeration because it is perishable.
Cider producing countries cover most of the temperate regions of the world.
Cider runs from the holding tank to a small siphon tank, where it is bottled by hand.
Cider Serve it mulled .
Cider stands abound with fresh apples from nearby orchards.
Cider tastes better than vodka.
Cider vinegars complement spices .
All ciders contain no preservatives and are shipped frozen.
Most cider is made from fermented apple juice .
CIDF development is presently dormant.
CIDR staff are also available to consult on the process of course design.
CIDR staff are available to consult on diversity and inclusiveness.
CIDR staff can also make arrangements for rooms and equipment needed for workshops.
CIDR staff plan the program, host the event, and follow-through with participants.
CIDX membership is open to radio hobbyists worldwide.
CIFS servers support both anonymous transfers and secure, authenticated access to named files.
Cigar aficionados can check the climate-controlled humidors to purchase their special smoke.
Cigar bar Smoke it up with our online humidor of cigars and cigar accessories .
Cigar bar Smoke it up with our online humidor of cigars and cigar accessories.
Cigar butts are part of cigars.
Cigar cases are perfect executive gift for men who like to smoke.
Cigar Lake is one of the largest, high-grade uranium orebodies in the world.
Cigar Lake is part of that prospect area in northern Saskatchewan.
Cigar makers have the tradition that makes the cigars unique.
Cigar makers know what type of tobaccos they have to use to achieve the desired level of impact.
Cigar makers work in teams of three, one bunch maker and two wrapper layers.
A cigar is smoke
Cigar isa tobacco.
Cigar use clearly contributes to oral cancer and heart disease.
Cigars also produce much more secondhand smoke than cigarettes.
Cigars are a dangerous trend.
Cigars are a handmade commodity and as such are subject to minor differences in quality.
Cigars are a pretty good bet for number three.
Cigars are all handmade premium cigars from the Dominican Republic.
Cigars are also a major source of second-hand smoke.
Cigars are always fresh - never stale or dried out.
Cigars are an adult pleasure.
Cigars are an experience of a qualitative difference in life.
Cigars are available on premise.
Cigars are available, too.
Cigars are back.
Cigars are bad for one s health, so they say.
Cigars are consumable products.
Cigars are for sale at the bar, and be prepared for a very smoky atmosphere here.
Cigars are just as integral as wine.
Cigars are like delicate flowers.
Cigars are like wine.
Cigars are located in interns.
Cigars are mildly alkaline meaning the nicotine can still be absorbed through the mouth and lips.
Cigars are more dangerous than cigarettes.
Cigars are naturally hydroscopic products.
Cigars are never stylish in mixed company.
Cigars are of various sizes and comprise both the manufactured and the local users in India.
Cigars are popular.
Cigars are still hand-rolled by master tabaqueros.
Cigars are such a personal thing that it's hard to make a comparison.
Cigars are the domain of the powerful, the successful and the self-assured.
Cigars are the hot trend right now.
Cigars are the second-favorite tobacco product.
Cigars are to be enjoyed on the deck.
Cigars are totally hand-made, using only long filler and the best part of each selected leaf.
Cigars are welcome in the bar.
Cigars are, if anything, stronger than cigarettes.
Cigars bring all types of good people together.
Cigars come in a variety of quality blended flavors.
Cigars come in a variety of sizes, qualities, and flavors.
Cigars come in different sizes, some as small as a cigarette, others much larger.
Cigars contain chemicals.
Cigars contain more noxious combustion products than cigarettes.
Cigars contain significantly more nicotine, tar, and carbon monoxide than do cigarettes.
Cigars contain the same cancer causing chemicals as cigarettes.
Cigars deserve to be made in an artisanal environment.
Cigars deserve warning, too All tobacco products are harmful.
Cigars do carry serious health risks, according to the association.
Cigars fall under fewer federal regulations than do cigarettes and smokeless tobacco.
Cigars Get links to cigar shops in Boston and find safe havens for enjoying a good cigar.
Cigars get special attention here.
Cigars go through a long aging and fermentation process.
Cigars have (part) cigar butts.
Cigars have four times as much nicotine as cigarettes.
Cigars have many of the same health risks as cigarettes, including causing certain cancers.
Cigars have much higher concentrations of tar and nicotine than cigarettes.
Cigars have their own menu.
Cigars increase the risk of oral and esophageal cancers just as much as cigarettes do.
Cigars made in Cuba are popular in many countries.
Cigars make the perfect birth announcement.
Cigars make the world go around.
Cigars pose the most recent challenge.
Cigars remain one of the most coveted Cuban products for visitors to the island nation.
Cigars speak to people now, and the edge of hip they cut is razor sharp.
Cigars stay fresh for weeks.
Cigars often go out in the course of being smokes, especially as they near the last third.
All cigars are handmade, all but one long filler, using a blend of up to five different tobaccos.
Every cigar eventually hits a peak, and from there on it is downhill.
Most cigars contain chemicals.
Most cigars have a traditional round shape.
Most cigars have as much nicotine as several cigarettes.
Some cigars are stronger than others.
Some cigars contain as much tobacco as one whole pack of cigarettes.
Some cigars have filter tips or plastic holders built in, some are long and narrow.
Cigarette advertising ends on radio and television.
Cigarette advertising is about imagery, seductive imagery.
Cigarette advertising is aimed at the young.
Cigarette advertising is very effective in influencing children.
A cigarette burn is a defect
Cigarette burns are highly suspicious.
A cigarette butt is a stub
Cigarette butts are all over the floor, and the air is filled with smoke.
Cigarette butts are also the number one item picked up during highway cleanups.
Cigarette butts are butts.
Cigarette butts are disgusting, sure.
Cigarette butts are everywhere, often within a few feet of a garbage can or ash tray.
Cigarette butts are highly toxic if ingested.
Cigarette butts are located in ashtrays.
Cigarette butts are located in subways.
Cigarette butts are part of cigarettes.
Cigarette butts are the most common type of litter on earth.
Cigarette butts are to be discarded in trash receptacles.
Cigarette butts are to be taken home with the group's trash.
Cigarette butts can be fatal if chewed and swallowed by a baby.
Cigarette butts can cause bushfires.
Cigarette butts can poison children.
Cigarette butts can pose a fire hazard.
Cigarette butts decorate the sides of the floor like runway lights.
Cigarette butts start many of the wildland fires in Hawaii County.
Cigarette butts start many of the wildland fires in Kauai.
Cigarette butts start many of the wildland fires on Maui County.
Cigarette butts take seven years to decompose and pose a fire hazard.
All cigarette butts are to be packed-out.
Most cigarette butts are part of cigarettes.
Cigarette cards are entities unto themselves.
Cigarette commercials do try to influence kids to smoke.
Cigarette filters are used as release substrate.
Cigarette lighter is an ignitor
Cigarette lighters are especially dangerous.
Cigarette lighters flare up in great fiery plumes.
Cigarette lighters is capable of light pipes.
Some cigarette lighters use the same principal.
Cigarette litter needs to be reduced.
Cigarette paper is a major flax paper product.
Cigarette paper is tissue
Cigarette smoke affects quality.
Cigarette smoke affects skin.
Cigarette smoke affects sperm quality.
Cigarette smoke aggravates experimental colitis in rats .
Cigarette smoke can accelerate the decline in lung function related to asthma.
Cigarette smoke can also be a significant trigger of an allergic headache.
Cigarette smoke can also cause asthma attacks.
Cigarette smoke can be lethal.
Cigarette smoke can cause air passages to close up and make breathing more difficult.
Cigarette smoke can start an asthma attack as well as damage the airways.
Cigarette smoke catches sunlight from small, square windows facing out into the street.
Cigarette smoke causes an increased expression of a receptor on the surface of lung cells.
Cigarette smoke causes chronic inflammation in the lungs, leading to chronic bronchitis.
Cigarette smoke consists of a mixture containing thousands of different organic chemicals.
Cigarette smoke contains acetone, which is the prime ingredient of fingernail polish remover.
Cigarette smoke contains carbon monoxide, formaldehyde and thousands of other chemicals.
Cigarette smoke contains carbon monoxide.
Cigarette smoke contains carcinogen.
Cigarette smoke contains chemicals which can damage the endothelial lining.
Cigarette smoke contains chemicals.
Cigarette smoke contains cyanide, a deadly poison.
Cigarette smoke contains formaldehyde, a chemical used a preserve dead frogs for biology class.
Cigarette smoke contains high levels of free radicals- compounds implicated in disease and aging.
Cigarette smoke contains hundreds of chemicals that are known to cause cancer.
Cigarette smoke contains hundreds of chemicals which can damage lung tissue.
Cigarette smoke contains know carcinogen.
Cigarette smoke contains many carcinogens.
Cigarette smoke contains many powerful mutagens.
Cigarette smoke contains methanol, a wood alcohol.
Cigarette smoke contains mutagenic heterocyclic amines, and so does prepared food.
Cigarette smoke contains nicotine, tar and other poisons.
Cigarette smoke contains numerous carcinogen.
Cigarette smoke contains one chemical.
Cigarette smoke contains several thousand chemicals.
Cigarette smoke contains specific cancer-causing chemicals.
Cigarette smoke contains thousands of substances.
Cigarette smoke contains tiny particles, which can be collected on a filter pad in a laboratory.
Cigarette smoke contaminates everything it touches, even people.
Cigarette smoke decreases the blood supply of oxygen and helps build up cholesterol in the arteries.
Cigarette smoke drifts slowly around as rain patters on the grimy windows.
Cigarette smoke fills the air.
Cigarette smoke gets in eyes.
Cigarette smoke has cadmium in it and so smokers breathe in cadmium.
Cigarette smoke has chemicals that can make normal cells change into cancer cells.
Cigarette smoke increases a child s chance of middle ear disease.
Cigarette smoke increases a child's chance of middle ear disease.
Cigarette smoke increases the risk of stroke.
Cigarette smoke interferes with the eye's antioxidant defense mechanisms.
Cigarette smoke introduces formaldehyde into an environment.
Cigarette smoke is a complicated air pollutant.
Cigarette smoke is a good example, where a film of the smoke can settle everywhere.
Cigarette smoke is a major trigger of asthma symptoms.
Cigarette smoke is a prime suspect, but tobacco use is declining in the United States.
Cigarette smoke is a source of exposure to benzene.
Cigarette smoke is akin to any strange odors, like pets.
Cigarette smoke is also a source of benzene.
Cigarette smoke is also a source of lead.
Cigarette smoke is also pervasive, but fairly tolerable.
Cigarette smoke is always a major problem for asthmatics.
Cigarette smoke is an irritant that can further aggravate allergy symptoms.
Cigarette smoke is biologically active.
Cigarette smoke is high in oxidants and depletes the body of vitamin C and other antioxidants.
Cigarette smoke is high in the heavy metal cadmium.
Cigarette smoke is known to contain molecules known as free radicals.
Cigarette smoke is known to degrade hyaluronic acid.
Cigarette smoke is located in bars.
Cigarette smoke is one of the most common dangers for singers.
Cigarette smoke is the most common allergen.
Cigarette smoke is the most common cause of COPD cases in the United States.
Cigarette smoke is the most common offender.
Cigarette smoke lingers forever in fabrics and upholstery.
Cigarette smoke lowers testosterone levels.
Cigarette smoke makes all allergic conditions worse.
Cigarette smoke paralyzes the cilia it contacts in the sinuses and lungs for twenty-minutes.
Cigarette smoke pollutes the air in enclosed places, which also affects the nonsmokers present.
Cigarette smoke produces carbon monoxide.
Cigarette smoke produces monoxide.
Cigarette smoke puts added strain on the heart because it causes vessels to clamp down or constrict.
Cigarette smoke reaches the brain faster than drugs that enter the body intravenously.
Cigarette smoke reduces health.
Cigarette smoke wreaks havoc with the nutritional status.
Cigarette smoke wreaths the heads of the patrons.
Most cigarette smoke affects quality.
Most cigarette smoke affects skin.
Most cigarette smoke affects sperm quality.
Most cigarette smoke contains carcinogen.
Most cigarette smoke contains chemicals.
Most cigarette smoke contains know carcinogen.
Most cigarette smoke contains numerous carcinogen.
Most cigarette smoke produces carbon monoxide.
Most cigarette smoke produces monoxide.
Most cigarette smoke reduces health.
Some cigarette smoke causes cancer.
Some cigarette smoke causes death.
Some cigarette smoke causes premature death.
Some cigarette smoke increases chances.
Some cigarette smoke induces atherosclerosis.
A cigarette smoker is a consumer
Cigarette smokers are a high-risk group for periodontitis.
Cigarette smokers are at greater risk of impotence than nonsmokers.
Cigarette smokers are more prone to wrinkles and skin cancers.
Cigarette smokers are much more likely to develop it.
Cigarette smokers are particularly at risk.
Cigarette smokers are rebels.
Cigarette smokers are smokers.
Cigarette smokers are so sad, 'cause it makes their breath smell bad.
Cigarette smokers are ten times more likely to die of lung cancer than non-smokers.
Cigarette smokers are ten times more likely to die of lung cancer than nonsmokers.
Cigarette smokers are twice as likely to get peptic ulcers as are non-smokers.
Cigarette smokers are.
Cigarette smokers develop bladder cancer two to three times more often than do non-smokers.
Cigarette smokers develop bladder cancer two to three times more often than do nonsmokers.
Cigarette smokers do more than just smoke cigarettes.
Cigarette smokers have higher death rates from chronic bronchitis and emphysema than nonsmokers.
Cigarette smokers have less ability to carry oxygen to the rest of the body.
Cigarette smokers have twice the risk of dying of heart attacks as do non-smokers.
Cigarette smokers have up to a four times higher incidence of bladder cancer than non-smokers.
Cigarette smokers lose their addictions.
Cigarette smokers tend to have high blood pressure.
Cigarette smokers tend to reach menopause earlier than nonsmokers.
Most cigarette smokers are nicotine dependent.
Most cigarette smokers smoke every day and inhale.
Most cigarette smokers smoke every day.
Some cigarette smokers increase growth.
Some cigarette smokers increase population growth.
Some cigarette smokers report phenomena.
Some cigarette smokers report same phenomena.
Cigarette smoking accounts for much of the health disadvantage of babies born to poorer women.
Cigarette smoking accounts for one-half of bladder cancer cases.
Cigarette smoking affects reproductive processes in both males and females.
Cigarette smoking appears to have a major negative effect on fertility potential.
Cigarette smoking appears to pose much greater dangers to health than earlier forms of tobacco use.
Cigarette smoking becomes addictive to humans because of the nicotine present in a cigarette.
Cigarette smoking can accelerate follicular loss.
Cigarette smoking can also cause tooth stains.
Cigarette smoking can also contribute to wrinkles.
Cigarette smoking can also raise the risk of developing asthma.
Cigarette smoking can cause brain aneurysms, particularly in young women.
Cigarette smoking can cause increased elimination of theophylline and other compounds.
Cigarette smoking can cause over-readings up to four hours after smoking a cigarette.
Cigarette smoking can cause reproductive problems before a woman even becomes pregnant.
Cigarette smoking can contribute to lowered resistance to infection.
Cigarette smoking can even kill people who have never smoked a single cigarette.
Cigarette smoking can increase a teenager's susceptibility to depression.
Cigarette smoking can weaken the esophageal sphincter muscle.
Cigarette smoking can worsen the effects of either chronic or acute chlorine exposure.
Cigarette smoking causes cancer.
Cigarette smoking causes disease, disability and death.
Cigarette smoking causes heart disease, lung and esophageal cancer, and chronic lung disease.
Cigarette smoking causes lung cancer, heart attacks, and other serious health problems in smokers.
Cigarette smoking causes more heart attacks in women than in men.
Cigarette smoking causes most lung cancers .
Cigarette smoking causes most lung cancers.
Cigarette smoking causes the majority of lung cancers.
Cigarette smoking continues as the primary cause.
Cigarette smoking decreases the blood supply to the uterus.
Cigarette smoking decreases tissue oxygen.
Cigarette smoking does actually adhere to the fundamental principles of economics.
Cigarette smoking doubles the chance of having a stroke.
Cigarette smoking doubles the chances of having a stroke.
Cigarette smoking doubles the risk of getting bladder cancer.
Cigarette smoking doubles the risk of pancreatic cancer.
Cigarette smoking exacerbates the coarse wrinkling of photoaging.
Cigarette smoking has a variety of health impairing effects.
Cigarette smoking has both short term and long term consequences for the smoker.
Cigarette smoking has dropped by one-third in the same period, the report says.
Cigarette smoking has health risks.
Cigarette smoking increases blood pressure.
Cigarette smoking increases concentrations of the hormones epinephrine and vasopressin.
Cigarette smoking increases susceptibility to colds and viruses.
Cigarette smoking increases sympathetic outflow in humans.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk for subgingival infection with periodontal pathogens.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of cancer of the lung more than any other site.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of developing the disease.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of heart disease in a number of ways.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of kidney tumors.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of occupational respiratory diseases.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of serious adverse effects on the heart and blood vessels.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of serious cardiovascular side effects.
Cigarette smoking increases the risk of the blockage of a heart artery by about two to fivefold.
Cigarette smoking interferes with the blood supply to the fetus.
Cigarette smoking is a cause of decreased age at menopause.
Cigarette smoking is a common cause.
Cigarette smoking is a habit, e.g. a behavior.
Cigarette smoking is a lifestyle risk factor for hyperlipidemia.
Cigarette smoking is a major cause of death and disease among all minority and ethnic groups.
Cigarette smoking is a major cause of emphysema, chronic bronchitis, lung cancer and heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is a major cause of heart disease among both men and women.
Cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for coronary heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is a major risk factor in heart disease, stroke and lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is a major risk factor of human cancers.
Cigarette smoking is a major risk factor.
Cigarette smoking is a nasty, health-destroying, often fatal and always expensive habit.
Cigarette smoking is a particularly difficult addiction for people to overcome.
Cigarette smoking is a prime example.
Cigarette smoking is a principle risk factor for the disease.
Cigarette smoking is a risk factor for Graves ophthalmopathy.
Cigarette smoking is a risk factor for pulmonary histiocytosis.
Cigarette smoking is a risk factor for the development of chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Cigarette smoking is a serious health hazard.
Cigarette smoking is a significant factor in the causation of cancer of the larynx.
Cigarette smoking is a strong risk factor for invasive pneumococcal infection.
Cigarette smoking is a terrible addiction.
Cigarette smoking is a threat to anyone's health.
Cigarette smoking is a way to instantly appear mature for teens.
Cigarette smoking is a well-established cause of a number of cancers.
Cigarette smoking is a well-known risk factor for colon cancer.
Cigarette smoking is addictive .
Cigarette smoking is addictive and it can be very hard to quit.
Cigarette smoking is addictive, as that term is most commonly used today.
Cigarette smoking is also a factor in most patients.
Cigarette smoking is also a major cause of cancer.
Cigarette smoking is also a major cause of heart and blood vessel disease.
Cigarette smoking is also a significant risk factor for hyperkinesis in children.
Cigarette smoking is also an addiction.
Cigarette smoking is also the number one cause of cancer death in men.
Cigarette smoking is an addiction like any other.
Cigarette smoking is an addiction.
Cigarette smoking is an addictive behavior.
Cigarette smoking is an adverse prognostic factor in non-diabetic nephropathies.
Cigarette smoking is an environmental issue.
Cigarette smoking is an established risk factor for urinary bladder cancer.
Cigarette smoking is an expensive habit.
Cigarette smoking is an important cause of pancreatic cancer and perhaps of renal adenocarcinoma.
Cigarette smoking is an important risk factor contributing to stroke.
Cigarette smoking is an important risk factor for men and women with heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is another important factor that can lead to strokes.
Cigarette smoking is another major cause of cadmium accumulation in humans.
Cigarette smoking is another problem for which people try to find different solutions.
Cigarette smoking is another risk factor for cervical cancer that can be prevented.
Cigarette smoking is another risk factor for the development of cervical cancer.
Cigarette smoking is associated with a decreased incidence.
Cigarette smoking is associated with considerable morbidity, mortality, and public health costs.
Cigarette smoking is associated with reduced pulmonary functioning elderly men and women.
Cigarette smoking is by far the biggest culprit.
Cigarette smoking is by far the most common cause of both emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
Cigarette smoking is by far the most common cause of chronic bronchitis.
Cigarette smoking is by far the most common cause of emphysema.
Cigarette smoking is by far the most important cause of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is by far the most important preventable cause of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is by far the most important risk factor in the development of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is by far the most significant risk factor for lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is clearly a risk factor for developing coronary heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is clearly addictive in that current cigarette demand depends on past smoking.
Cigarette smoking is connected with the onset of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is considered a risk factor.
Cigarette smoking is considered the biggest risk factor for sudden cardiac death.
Cigarette smoking is considered to the most preventable cause of heart attacks.
Cigarette smoking is definitely one of the causes of sinus disease.
Cigarette smoking is discouraged.
Cigarette smoking is extremely addictive and has broadspread societal health implications.
Cigarette smoking is felt to play a perpetuating role in hypertension and peptic ulcer disease.
Cigarette smoking is highly addictive, and quitting often proves to be difficult.
Cigarette smoking is implicated in about a third of strokes.
Cigarette smoking is incontrovertibly the major risk factor for lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is injurious to health.
Cigarette smoking is known to be the cause of the great majority of lung cancers.
Cigarette smoking is known to enhance the metabolism of a wide variety of drugs.
Cigarette smoking is known to greatly reduce the vitamin C levels in our bodies.
Cigarette smoking is known to make the symptoms worse.
Cigarette smoking is likewise an important risk factor for stroke.
Cigarette smoking is linked to a number of diseases.
Cigarette smoking is linked to increased risk for stroke.
Cigarette smoking is linked to lung cancer and other cancers.
Cigarette smoking is linked to the buildup of fatty substances in the carotid artery.
Cigarette smoking is more addictive and harder to quit than heroin or cocaine.
Cigarette smoking is more common than alcohol and drug use.
Cigarette smoking is more damaging to women than men.
Cigarette smoking is more likely to cause oral cancer than cigar or pipe smoking.
Cigarette smoking is notorious.
Cigarette smoking is on the decline in the black population as it is in the general population.
Cigarette smoking is one of the biggest risk factors for pancreatic cancer.
Cigarette smoking is one of the leading risk factors of hypertension and heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is one of the major risk factors for heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is our nation's number one preventable cause of illness and premature death.
Cigarette smoking is perhaps the most common form of substance abuse.
Cigarette smoking is perhaps the most devastating preventable cause of disease and premature death.
Cigarette smoking is perhaps the most devestating preventable cause of disease and premature death.
Cigarette smoking is perhaps the most easily preventable cause of disease and premature death.
Cigarette smoking is permitted in a designated portion of the lounge area.
Cigarette smoking is permitted in the bar and a select number of guestrooms, by request.
Cigarette smoking is permitted in the bar.
Cigarette smoking is permitted only in a designated area on the lower level of one of the coaches.
Cigarette smoking is permitted only in a designated portion of the lounge area.
Cigarette smoking is recognized as the highest known risk factor for low birth weight.
Cigarette smoking is responsible for most cases of lung cancers in women.
Cigarette smoking is restricted.
Cigarette smoking is smoking.
Cigarette smoking is the best known cause of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the biggest risk factor for heart attacks.
Cigarette smoking is the biggest risk factor for sudden cardiac death.
Cigarette smoking is the biggest risk factor in sudden cardiac death.
Cigarette smoking is the biggest risk factor in the development of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the commonest cause of emphysema.
Cigarette smoking is the greatest risk factor for heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is the largest known risk factor for low birth weight.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of cancer in America.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of death and disease in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer for both men and women.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of premature death in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of preventable cancer deaths.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of preventable death in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease and death in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of preventable mortality in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the leading preventable cause of cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the leading preventable cause of death and disease in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the leading preventable cause of disease and death in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the leading preventable cause of disease and death.
Cigarette smoking is the leading preventable cause of lung cancer and heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is the leading risk factor in the development of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the main cause of chronic bronchitis.
Cigarette smoking is the major causative factor for development of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the major cause of cancer deaths today.
Cigarette smoking is the major cause of chronic bronchitis.
Cigarette smoking is the major cause of emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
Cigarette smoking is the major cause of lung cancer among women.
Cigarette smoking is the major cause of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the major determinant of the rise in lung cancer among women.
Cigarette smoking is the major risk factor for stomach and pancreatic cancers.
Cigarette smoking is the major risk factor for the development of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the most common cause of bronchitis, but workplace toxins can also play a role.
Cigarette smoking is the most common cause of chronic bronchitis.
Cigarette smoking is the most common form of tobacco.
Cigarette smoking is the most common risk and is easily the most preventable.
Cigarette smoking is the most important cause of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the most important factor in the United Kingdom.
Cigarette smoking is the most important preventable cause of cancer in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the most important preventable cause of illness and early death.
Cigarette smoking is the most important preventable cause of premature death in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the most important risk factor for both young men and women.
Cigarette smoking is the most important risk factor for vascular disease bar none.
Cigarette smoking is the most important risk factor in lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the most important risk factor in the development of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the most important single cause of preventable death in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the most important source of cadmium.
Cigarette smoking is the most potent risk factor for heart disease.
Cigarette smoking is the most prevalent form of nicotine addiction in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the most preventable cause of death in our society.
Cigarette smoking is the most significant public health problem facing our people.
Cigarette smoking is the most single, significant public health problem facing our people today.
Cigarette smoking is the most widespread form of tobacco use.
Cigarette smoking is the number one cause of cancer death in men.
Cigarette smoking is the number-one cause of preventable deaths in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is the primary risk factor.
Cigarette smoking is the principal cause of low birth weight in developed countries.
Cigarette smoking is the single biggest risk factor of sudden cardiac death.
Cigarette smoking is the single greatest preventable cause of death in the world.
Cigarette smoking is the single largest cause of preventable death and disease in Australia.
Cigarette smoking is the single most important cause of cancer.
Cigarette smoking is the single most important cause of preventable illness and death in Canada.
Cigarette smoking is the single most preventable cause of death in our society.
Cigarette smoking is the single most preventable cause of premature death in the United States.
Cigarette smoking is thought to be a causative factor.
Cigarette smoking is tolerated socially.
Cigarette smoking is too costly financially and physically.
Cigarette smoking is very habit forming and can easily become addicting.
Cigarette smoking is very important to disease activity.
Cigarette smoking is well known to promote an increased risk of lung cancer.
Cigarette smoking neutralizes many of the biological advantages women have.
Cigarette smoking predicts symptomatic vasospasm after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Cigarette smoking releases powerful body chemicals that can cause cardiac rhythm abnormalities.
Cigarette smoking remains stable.
Cigarette smoking remains the main cause of lung cancer in women, however.
Cigarette smoking remains the primary cause.
Cigarette smoking remains the single most preventable cause of death and illness.
Cigarette smoking remains the single most preventable cause of premature death in the United States.
Cigarette smoking weakens the lower esophageal sphincter.
Cigarette smuggling evades excise taxes lowering cigarette prices and increasing smoking rates.
Cigarette smuggling evades excise taxes-lowering cigarette prices and increasing smoking rates.
Cigarette smuggling is a local industry.
Cigarette taxes are also far lower and restrictions on advertising and sales to minors are looser.
A cigarette is smoke
Cigarette bans The decision to ban cigarette advertising on television was made in the eighties.
Cigarette beetle adults and larvae also are omnivorous pests of other stored products.
Cigarette burn stains on cultured marble countertops.
Cigarette burns on the fingers can suggest falling asleep or passing out.
Cigarette burns on the fingers.
Cigarette cartons the same.
Cigarette discuss between the threat when owe airfilters.
Cigarette filters with no sign of tar in the filter.
Cigarette find Victory with question between one kids shoes either has between all surface.
Cigarette glow and one barn light in all the black.
Cigarette guarantee past little lungs nor walk easton.
Cigarette honor around that salt how translate martial arts history.
Cigarette isa tobacco.
Cigarette smoke drifts in the main dining room near the divider wall.
Cigarette smoke drifts through the shot.
Cigarette smoke hangs in the air.
Cigarette smoke hangs in the humid air with talk of baseball, stock cars, jobs.
Cigarette smoke in a house produces secondhand smoke just as it does in an office, mall or airplane.
Cigarette smoke in homes with children .
Cigarette smoke in the urban atmosphere.
Cigarette smoke no longer obscures the smells of house specialties.
Cigarette smoking alone significantly increases risk of having heart attack.
Cigarette smoking over the past decades continues to be a major cause of cancer in the population.
Cigarette suggest with some temper as repair boy girl club of america.
Cigarette use at eight year high.
Cigarette use increasing among college students.
Cigarettes accompany almost every activity of the smoker's day.
Cigarettes account for a small and declining portion of total vending machine revenues.
Cigarettes account for most of the tobacco disappearance in the United States and other countries.
Cigarettes also are off-limits.
Cigarettes also cause many other problems.
Cigarettes also contain tar, a conglomeration of the solid particles found in smoke.
Cigarettes also help people deal with others.
Cigarettes also make an appearance.
Cigarettes also produce a psychological dependence.
Cigarettes also skew the cancer data.
Cigarettes are a gateway drug.
Cigarettes are a good substitute for food.
Cigarettes are a legal product that is lawfully consumed by adults.
Cigarettes are a legal product, voluntarily purchased and consumed.
Cigarettes are a legal product.
Cigarettes are a major source of fires.
Cigarettes are a prime current example.
Cigarettes are a recent example.
Cigarettes are a well-known cause of heart disease, among other illnesses.
Cigarettes are addictive and a lot more poisonous than cannabis.
Cigarettes are addictive, expensive, socially unacceptable, and deadly.
Cigarettes are addictive.
Cigarettes are almost always the precipitating cause of the lung disease in such subjects.
Cigarettes are already among the most taxed and regulated products in America.
Cigarettes are already one of the most heavily taxed consumer products in the United States.
Cigarettes are also a form of biomass.
Cigarettes are also expensive, addictive and they leave a bad odor.
Cigarettes are also psychologically addicting.
Cigarettes are also subject to the sales tax.
Cigarettes are always self-financing from the standpoint of costs to each state.
Cigarettes are an anomaly of human nature.
Cigarettes are capable of suppressing the appetite.
Cigarettes are cheap to stock and ship.
Cigarettes are contraband.
Cigarettes are cool.
Cigarettes are debatable, for smokers anyway.
Cigarettes are different.
Cigarettes are divisible into a variety of sub-groups for additional analysis.
Cigarettes are easy to steal.
Cigarettes are exempt from any regulation.
Cigarettes are expensive and the money adds up quickly.
Cigarettes are expensive, highly addictive, and cause major and minor illnesses.
Cigarettes are expensive.
Cigarettes are extinguished, and a large fan blows the smoke away.
Cigarettes are far more standard in construction and how they are used.
Cigarettes are fine, though.
Cigarettes are free, but smoking is restricted to designated areas.
Cigarettes are great.
Cigarettes are harmful.
Cigarettes are highly addictive.
Cigarettes are illegal at all public places.
Cigarettes are in the act, too.
Cigarettes are inherently dangerous.
Cigarettes are just as addictive as cocaine or heroin.
Cigarettes are just too profitable.
Cigarettes are killers.
Cigarettes are legal in all states.
Cigarettes are legal.
Cigarettes are light enough for the train.
Cigarettes are like a drug, a hypodermic needle and are a defiance of individual freedom.
Cigarettes are like companions.
Cigarettes are like women, the best ones are thin and rich.
Cigarettes are like women.
Cigarettes are limited to designated outside areas of select accommodations.
Cigarettes are located in ashtrays.
Cigarettes are located in cartons.
Cigarettes are located in gas stations.
Cigarettes are located in hands.
Cigarettes are located in packs.
Cigarettes are modern and free-style.
Cigarettes are more expensive in the UK than in many other countries due to high taxation.
Cigarettes are most addictive when they are used to relieve stress.
Cigarettes are nasty, evil little things.
Cigarettes are no exception.
Cigarettes are nothing but a shortcut to dying.
Cigarettes are now a lot more affordable.
Cigarettes are objects meant to be smoked.
Cigarettes are often the main source of particle emissions.
Cigarettes are okay for men and women alike.
Cigarettes are one of the biggest Cons going.
Cigarettes are one of the most addictive drugs on the planet.
Cigarettes are one of the most heavily advertised and promoted products in our country.
Cigarettes are one of the most heavily advertised products in America.
Cigarettes are one of the most heavily marketed consumer products in America.
Cigarettes are one of the most highly engineered consumer products available.
Cigarettes are plentiful for the men.
Cigarettes are readily available to America.
Cigarettes are readily available to America's children.
Cigarettes are really expensive now.
Cigarettes are responsible for the loss of many pregnancies via miscarriage or stillbirth.
Cigarettes are still chic, and even the cheese is gift-wrapped.
Cigarettes are still legal.
Cigarettes are Sublime .
Cigarettes are sublime.
Cigarettes are suicide sticks.
Cigarettes are the equivalent of a dirty needle.
Cigarettes are the exception.
Cigarettes are the first leading cause of all fatal house fires.
Cigarettes are the fourth most popular item followed by fresh bread and rolls.
Cigarettes are the leadeing preventable cause of cancer in developed countries.
Cigarettes are the leading cause of fatal home fires in the United States.
Cigarettes are the leading cause of fire deaths.
Cigarettes are the most addictive drug in the world.
Cigarettes are the most common cause of fires in homes.
Cigarettes are the most common cause of lung diseases like chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Cigarettes are the most common type of Tabasco, and snuff.
Cigarettes are the most common type of tobacco used by teens, followed by chewing tobacco and snuff.
Cigarettes are the most common type of tobacco, and snuff.
Cigarettes are the most heavily advertised products in the United States.
Cigarettes are the most popular form of tobacco, but cigars and pipes are gaining.
Cigarettes are the nation's top cause of preventable death.
Cigarettes are the only legal product which, when used as intended, kills.
Cigarettes are the second most common poison source, after medications, for children under age one.
Cigarettes are the second most heavily advertised product in America today, after cars.
Cigarettes are the single leading cause of fires in the nation.
Cigarettes are the single most stolen item from grocery and convenience stores.
Cigarettes are the ultimate gateway drug.
Cigarettes are to be disposed of only in designated containers.
Cigarettes are to blame.
Cigarettes are ultra-hazardous products.
Cigarettes are used for burning.
Cigarettes are used for burns.
Cigarettes are used for relaxation.
Cigarettes are used for smoke.
Cigarettes are used for smoking tobacco.
Cigarettes are used for smoking.
Cigarettes are used for torture.
Cigarettes are VERY addictive and hard to lick.
Cigarettes are very profitable to manufacture.
Cigarettes are, by a wide margin, the most dangerous of all consumer products.
Cigarettes are. . .
Cigarettes become a habit.
Cigarettes become expensive and water is more precious than gold.
Cigarettes bring on more strokes than anything other cause.
Cigarettes burn students .
Cigarettes can act as a shield to insulate uncomfortable feelings and situations.
Cigarettes can also get very expensive.
Cigarettes can be lethal, but prepared food is even more lethal, for absorbed in greater quantities.
Cigarettes can be marvelous props.
Cigarettes can be relit, eliminating costly waste.
Cigarettes can cause tongue cancer, mouth cancer, throat cancer, lung cancer, emphysema, etc.
Cigarettes can do much more harm than just lung cancer.
Cigarettes can harm a young person's physical development.
Cigarettes can kill children and grownups.
Cigarettes can now be a thing of the past.
Cigarettes can smolder under the cushions of a chair or sofa for several hours before igniting.
Cigarettes cause at least one-quarter of all fires.
Cigarettes cause cancer.
Cigarettes cause cell damage.
Cigarettes cause damage.
Cigarettes cause death.
Cigarettes cause fire.
Cigarettes cause fires.
Cigarettes cause le cancer.
Cigarettes cause low birth weight and premature births, as well as miscarriages.
Cigarettes cause lung cancer.
Cigarettes cause numerous fire disasters.
Cigarettes cause one out of every five deaths in the U.S. today.
Cigarettes cause problems as well because they decrease the supply of oxygen across the placenta.
Cigarettes clearly are.
Cigarettes contain a drug called nicotine, which is addictive.
Cigarettes contain a highly addictive drug known as nicotine.
Cigarettes contain and emit large quantities of toxic chemical emissions including carbon monoxide.
Cigarettes contain cadmium, and smokers inhale cadmium when they smoke.
Cigarettes contain nicotine which binds to nicotinic receptors in the brain.
Cigarettes contain nicotine, a mood-regulating drug found in tobacco.
Cigarettes contain nicotine, which, if ingested, can cause seizures and cardiac symptoms.
Cigarettes contain nicotine.
Cigarettes contain no chemicals.
Cigarettes contain thousands of chemicals many proven harmful.
Cigarettes contain tobacco, tar, and carbon monoxide.
Cigarettes contain toxic chemicals .
Cigarettes contain toxic chemicals and impair the immune system.
Cigarettes continue to be one of the most heavily advertised products in the print media.
Cigarettes continue to slip through security even though guards are searched before work.
Cigarettes cost a fortune. - Smile.
Cigarettes damage organs.
Cigarettes dangle from people's hands in the streets or even when they're riding their motor bikes.
Cigarettes defile the human body.
Cigarettes deliver an instant hit.
Cigarettes do disgustin' things to the facial muscles.
Cigarettes double the risk of heart disease.
Cigarettes dry out the mouth and coat the tongue with sulphur compounds, tar and nicotine.
Cigarettes emit vast quantities of carbon monoxide and hydrogen cyanide.
Cigarettes flood the body, quite quickly, with a range of active chemicals.
Cigarettes get most folks in the heart.
Cigarettes get stale, in part, because they get dry sitting on the store shelf.
Cigarettes go for about two bucks a pack.
Cigarettes have (part) cigarette butts.
Cigarettes have a key role to play as they are an ever-present statement of identity.
Cigarettes have a product-design problem.
Cigarettes have a shelf life of two years as long as they are kept in the right environment.
Cigarettes have effects.
Cigarettes have for many decades been a lucrative business.
Cigarettes have no place in rental cars, either.
Cigarettes have no place in that picture.
Cigarettes have poison.
Cigarettes have significant effects.
Cigarettes have something in then called nicotine which is very addictive.
Cigarettes have tobacco.
Cigarettes illustrate the difference between value in exchange and in use.
Cigarettes inhibit bone manufacture.
Cigarettes irritate already itchy eyes and lungs.
Cigarettes kill far more people each year than do alcohol or other drugs.
Cigarettes kill millions each year but are legal.
Cigarettes kill more than a thousand people each year in North Dakota.
Cigarettes kill when used as intended , and there is no known level of safe consumption.
Cigarettes lead to cancer and lung disease, but they are legal.
Cigarettes make the feelings go away.
Cigarettes present a major dilemma for many young women.
Cigarettes remain among the most heavily advertised products in the nation.
Cigarettes ruin people's health.
Cigarettes save the situation.
Cigarettes seem a prime candidate for civil liability.
Cigarettes sitting on rails leave burn marks.
Cigarettes sold in Thailand already carry impotence warnings.
Cigarettes still burn and the whiskey still beckons.
Cigarettes vary in their potential to start fires, depending on cigarette design and content.
All cigarettes are inherently deleterious .
All cigarettes are inherently deleterious.
All cigarettes contain deleterious ingredients .
All cigarettes contain deleterious ingredients.
All cigarettes emit ingredients deleterious to health.
All cigarettes have it.
All cigarettes produce tar but the brands differ in amounts.
All cigarettes sold are filter-tipped.
Every cigarette causes some harm to the body.
Every cigarette raises blood pressure.
Most cigarettes cause cell damage.
Most cigarettes cause damage.
Most cigarettes have a primary filtering system attached to the end of the burn tube.
Most cigarettes have effects.
Most cigarettes have significant effects.
Some cigarettes are inexpensive.
Some cigarettes cause death.
Some cigarettes cause diseases.
Some cigarettes cause fatal diseases.
Some cigarettes cause fatal lung diseases.
Some cigarettes cause lung diseases.
A cigarillo is a cigar
Cigarillos are cigars that resemble cigarettes.
Ciguatoxic fish look and taste normal.
CIII team hits the road for a few national events.
Cilia movements conduct food particles down toward the mouth.
Ciliary action carries it on to the stomach and through the intestine.
A ciliary body is animal tissue
Ciliary body is less elastic, impairing vision.
Ciliary defects can lead to a number of human diseases.
Ciliary masses appear as dark shadowed areas at or near the limbus.
Ciliary metastases cause shallow anterior chamber, subluxated lens, cataract, spontaneous hyphema.
Ciliary muscle attached to the lens shapes the lens to complete the focusing of light on the retina.
Ciliary muscles are muscles.
Ciliary muscles control the shape of the lens, which bends light and focuses It on the retina.
Ciliary muscles control the size of the pupil.
Ciliary retina extends from the ora serrata to the posterior surface of the root of the iris.
Ciliary tracts move the food to the palps, which surround the mouth.
Ciliary tumors developing from more differentiated cell types form adenomas or adenocarcinomas.
Ciliate protozoans cause diseases.
Ciliate protozoans cause spot diseases.
Ciliate protozoans cause white spot diseases.
A ciliate is a protozoan
Ciliate isa protozoan.
Ciliates also appear to benefit from sex.
Ciliates also engage in phagocytosis.
Ciliates are a group of organisms that are single celled and occur in all aquatic ecosystems.
Ciliates are a particularly important group of protozoa.
Ciliates are a relatively homogeneous group of animals, probably monophyletic.
Ciliates are able to reproduce through conjugation, in which two cells attach to each other.
Ciliates are also a group of alveolates that are covered with cilia for motion and feeding.
Ciliates are also more complex in body form than most unicellular eukaryotes.
Ciliates are capable of catching bacteria, other protists and phytoplankton.
Ciliates are diverse.
Ciliates are eukaryotes.
Ciliates are found mostly in fresh water.
Ciliates are much faster than flagellates.
Ciliates are protozoans that are covered with cilia.
Ciliates are protozoans.
Ciliates are single-celled eukaryotes with two nuclei.
Ciliates are single-celled protozoans that can be recognised by their hairlike cilia.
Ciliates are the biggest and use many hair-like cilia to scoot through soil and water.
Ciliates are the group of protozoans with cilia.
Ciliates are the largest and move by means of hair like cilia.
Ciliates are the least numerous of the four animals.
Ciliates are unicellular and have rows of cilia for movement.
Ciliates are unicellular but have a very complicated cell.
Ciliates are unicellular protists that can be recognised by their hairlike 'cilia'.
Ciliates are very morphologically complex.
Ciliates belong to the alveolate clade.
Ciliates contain a variety of organelles plus two kinds of nuclei.
Ciliates eat with their vacuole.
Ciliates feed on bacteria, on other Protists and on organic detritus.
Ciliates feed on bacteria, other protists, rotifers and random floor particles.
Ciliates form a community which is very species-rich.
Ciliates have (part) cell membranes.
Ciliates have (part) cells.
Ciliates have (part) corpi.
Ciliates have (part) cytoplasm.
Ciliates have (part) lips.
Ciliates have (part) mouths.
Ciliates have (part) nuclei.
Ciliates have (part) plasma membranes.
Ciliates have (part) sections.
Ciliates have (part) vacuoles.
Ciliates have a gullet and a contractile vacuole which is used to regulate water balance.
Ciliates have a very complex organization.
Ciliates have a very unique kind of organelle.
Ciliates have micronuclei and macronuclei.
Ciliates have one or more macronuclei and from one to several micronuclei .
Ciliates have toxicysts that they fire at their prey to subdue it.
Ciliates move by means of cilia.
Ciliates move by using short hair-like structures called cilia.
Ciliates move using tiny hair-like projections called cilia.
Ciliates offer many advantages as a research organism.
Ciliates reproduce asexually, by various kinds of fission.
Ciliates show the rare characteristic of growing two types of nuclei in the stone cell.
Ciliates swim faster than flagellates.
Ciliates take in in food by waving their cilia toward a mouth-like opening called cytostome.
Ciliates use a form of sex called conjugation.
Ciliates use small flagella called cilia to move through the water.
Ciliates use the hair-like cilia organelles to propel themselves through their environment.
Ciliates use their cilia to sweep food into the gullet organelle to get their food.
Ciliates use their many tiny cilia, in controlled waves, to propel themselves through the water.
Ciliates often have multiple nuclei, such as a macronucleus and a micronucleus as seen here.
Ciliates usually multiply asexually by fission.
Ciliates usually reproduce asexually by binary fission.
All ciliates also can multiply by a process known as conjugation.
All ciliates have two kinds of nuclei.
Many ciliates swim along by beating their cilia in a rhythmic pattern, like so many tiny oars.
Most ciliates are colorless, except for the colored food items they have ingested.
Most ciliates are free-living forms.
Most ciliates are unicellular.
Most ciliates have both sexual and asexual phases in their life cycles.
Most ciliates possess an oral cavity, or cytostome, through which food enters the cell.
Some ciliates are voracious carnivores.
Some ciliates cause death.
Some ciliates cause diseases.
Some ciliates harbor symbiotic bacteria or algae.
Some ciliates have vacuoles.
Some ciliates possess complexity.
Some ciliates undergo binary fission.
Some ciliates undergo fission.
Some ciliates undergo meiosis.
Ciliated blastula starts to rotate within fertilization envelope.
Ciliated cells are an integral part of the pulmonary defense.
Ciliated cells are frequent.
Ciliated cells have longer microvilli interspersed between cilia.
Ciliated ducts are abnormal in cystic fibrosis airway submucosal glands.
Ciliated epithelium is absent from the cloacal tube and anterior cloacal chamber of females.
Ciliated protozoa are genetically as diverse as the plant or animal kingdoms.
A ciliated protozoan is a protozoan
Ciliated protozoans are probably the best known but other amazing families exist.
Ciliated urns appear to be involved in the clearance of the coelomic fluid.
A cilium is an organ
Cilia also are present on most cells in the human body.
Cilia are a more accurate and precise form of propulsion than flagella or pseudopods.
Cilia are a special class of eukaryote flagella.
Cilia are also able to acquire food.
Cilia are also present, but the way in which they are disposed is very peculiar and characteristic.
Cilia are arranged in longitudinal rows over the whole body.
Cilia are essential for movement of paramecia.
Cilia are fewer in number per cell than flagella.
Cilia are for locomotion.
Cilia are formed through the process of ciliogenesis .
Cilia are found in species in the Phylum Ciliophora.
Cilia are generally longer than flagella.
Cilia are generally shorter and more numerous than flagella.
Cilia are hair-like filaments used to draw food near the mouth.
Cilia are identical to flagella except that they are shorter and more numerous.
Cilia are important cellular structures exclusively possessed by eukaryotic cells.
Cilia are less active.
Cilia are microscopic hair-like cellular projections that line some of the airways in the lung.
Cilia are microscopic hair-like projections that beat in unison like waves in a wheat field.
Cilia are microscopic tubes that serve important functions.
Cilia are microscopic, hairlike projections growing out of the passageway walls.
Cilia are much larger and have a core of microtubules.
Cilia are part of a coordinated locomotor system composed of complex organelles.
Cilia are present on the groove, mid-ventral region and posterior end.
Cilia are restricted to the ventral surface.
Cilia are short and present in large numbers.
Cilia are short but numerous compared to flagella.
Cilia are short flagella.
Cilia are short hairlike cytoplasmic projections that beat in waves.
Cilia are short hairlike projections used for movement.
Cilia are short, numerous hair like structures that beat in a rhythm to move the animal along.
Cilia are short, numerous, and usually complexly organized.
Cilia are shorter and move in concert, like oars, with alternating power and recovery strokes.
Cilia are shorter, more numerous, have a distinct power stroke and recovery stroke.
Cilia are slender protuberances that project from the much larger cell body .
Cilia are slender protuberances that project from the much larger cell body.
Cilia are small, and have a limited power output.
Cilia are small, undulating processes located on the surfaces of cells.
Cilia are structurally almost identical with the much larger flagella .
Cilia are structurally almost identical with the much larger flagella.
Cilia are structurally the same as flagella and are actually short flagella.
Cilia are the little arms coming out of a cell.
Cilia are the tiny hairs which usually line the bronchial tubes.
Cilia are the tiny, hairlike structures that move digested food down the intestines.
Cilia are thick protuberances that project from the much larger cell body .
Cilia are thin, very small tail-like projections that extend outward from the cell body.
Cilia are thousands of tiny hair-like projections that cover the surface of a cell.
Cilia are threadlike cells that wave back and forth over some of the surface tissue.
Cilia are tiny hairlike projections from cells that move with a wavelike motion.
Cilia are tiny hair-like structures on the surface of the airways.
Cilia are used by ciliates to move and to obtain food.
Cilia are used in locomotion and during feeding.
Cilia are usually present in groups.
Cilia are very small, hair like organelles.
Cilia are well developed and used for a variety of purposes.
Cilia convey the egg through the oviduct to the uterus.
Cilia covering the gills pulls food into the shell.
Cilia draw water.
Cilia drive the movement of the mucus blanket that sweeps dirt out of the lungs.
Cilia enable the organism to move.
Cilia grow again in lungs.
Cilia have (part) corpi.
Cilia have (part) lobes.
Cilia help move mucus and foreign objects to the mouth and nose and then out of the body.
Cilia help to move the sperm along toward the epididymis.
Cilia line the nose and most other airways in the respiratory system.
Cilia line the trachea, and sweep microbes out of the lungs iv.
Cilia lining the edges of the gill slits pump water through the branchial basket.
Cilia move back and forth, carrying mucus up and out.
Cilia move particles laterally to dorsal lamina, then posteriorly to stomach.
Cilia possess the protein motor dynein responsible for their movement and the mucociliary escalator.
Cilia propel mucus out of lungs and respiratory tract.
Cilia provide the power to bring water into the inhalent chamber.
Cilia pump water.
Cilia regrow in lungs, increasing ability to handle mucus, clean the lungs, and reduce infection.
Cilia serve functions.
Cilia serve sensory functions.
Cilia surround mouths.
Cilia wave in a coordinated way to move the protozoa in one direction.
Cilia work to clear the small passages , and coughing removes phlegm .
Cilia work to clear the small passages, and coughing removes phlegm .
Cilia work to clear the small passages, and coughing removes phlegm.
Cilium isa organelle.
Ciliums are organelles.
Cilia usually move in a highly-coordinated fashion, often with a sort of swimming stroke.
Most cilia draw water.
Most cilia pump water.
Most cilia serve functions.
Most cilia serve sensory functions.
Some cilia act like oars.
Some cilia act like sensors.
Some cilia circulate fluid.
Some cilia circulate water.
Cillary tracts move the food to the palps, which surround the mouth.
Cilvilian students lead a traditional collegiate lifestyle.
Cimarron County is also the site of Black Mesa, the highest point in Oklahoma.
A cimarron is a mountain sheep
Cimarron even translates roughly.
Cimarron is proud to offer career opportunities that allow exciting growth and possibilities.
Cimarrone is in excellent condition.
Cimetidine tablets have a characteristic odor.
Cimetidine treatments have to be given religiously.
A cimetidine is an agent
A cimetidine is medicine
Cimetidine decreases hepatic blood flow and inhibits hepatic microsomal enzymes.
Cimmerian games allow for the player's choice of airsoft gun.
CIMU students learn an extensive number of herb formulas .
Cinar hotel integrates universal service concept with traditional Turkish hospitality.
Cinchona bark Increases the effect of anticoagulants if given simultaneously.
Cinchona bark is bark
A cinder block is a building block
Cinder block is inexpensive and can be reinforced with steel and concrete.
Cinder blocks are popular decoration motif.
Cinder cones are commonly very symmetrical.
Cinder cones are formed from tephra or ash and tuff which is thrown from an explosive vent.
Cinder cones are natural things.
Cinder cones are numerous, occur in all sizes, and tend to rise steeply above the surrounding area.
Cinder cones are often smaller than shield volcanoes, and they wear away easily.
Cinder cones are quite numerous in Western North America.
Cinder cones are the simplest type of volcano.
Cinder cones are the smallest types of volcanoes.
Cinder cones are the smallest volcanoes and are cone-shaped.
Cinder cones are usually small.
Cinder cones are very small cone-shaped volcanoes.
Cinder cones are volcanic edifices that form from the buildup of pyroclastic materials.
Cinder cones are volcanos.
Cinder cones build from erupting lava that breaks into small pieces as it blasts into the air.
Cinder cones build from lava that is blown violently into the air and breaks into fragments.
Cinder cones build up when mostly tephra erupts from a vent and falls back to earth around the vent.
Cinder cones can form on the flanks of shield and stratovolcanoes.
Cinder cones can form quite rapidly, i.e., on the order of months to several years.
Cinder cones can grow very large, even wider in diameter than their maximum ejection distance.
Cinder cones can occur alone but commonly occur in groups or fields.
Cinder cones can occur alone or in small to large groups or fields.
Cinder cones form mostly from tephra and are conical in shape.
Cinder cones occur in nearly every western state.
Cinder cones range in size from tens to hundreds of meters tall.
Cinder cones tend to be steepest near the vent, and less steep at the outer edge.
Cinder cones wear away a lot easier than shield volcanoes.
Some cinder cones have phases.
A cinder is a fragment
Cinder isa fragment.
Cinder thrives on very strong threat.
Cinder turns red in color when the rock oxidizes.
Cinders are a type of pyroclastic material.
Cinders are a volcanic, rock-like material which are typically removed from underground deposits.
Cinders are about the size of a golf ball. .
Cinders are fragments.
Cinders are the embodiment of color.
Cinders clearly fall within the definition of a nonmetalliferous mineral product.
Cinders cover much of the surrounding area and can also be found miles away.
Cinders is frisky and intelligent and very outgoing.
Cinders is pretty dumb for a cat.
Cinders is slight but intense individual.
Cinders remain effective when wet.
Cinders underfoot, occasional bicycle bells and wheels humming along.
Some cinders are even iridescent purple and gold.
Cinema history comes through.
Cinema staff remains in the auditorium during the event, in full radio contact with coordinators.
Cinema studies embraces, in broadest terms, the study of film analysis, history, and theory.
Some cinema studies courses.
Cinema theaters are for the most part excellent.
Cinema am along either station however walk sensicore.
Cinema attracts everything and everybody.
Cinema becomes a slave to a computer.
Cinema buy computer game.
Cinema can reach more people than theatre.
Cinema Check out the latest movie reviews, times and locations.
Cinema comes with various example documents.
Cinema deserves to be given the same treatment as the print media.
Cinema does indeed present special problems.
Cinema features endearing themes, moving story lines and provocative subjects.
Cinema finds itself in the balance between art and industry.
Cinema has (part) sections.
Cinema holds a fatal attraction for painting.
Cinema includes a large two-seat sofa, an arm chair and an ottoman.
Cinema includes the formats of both film and video.
Cinema is a collaborative medium.
Cinema is a director's medium.
Cinema is a form of thinking.
Cinema is a key to matters of the spirit, creativity and values of civilization.
Cinema is a medium that depicts culture and society eloquently.
Cinema is a medium
Cinema is a universal language, after all.
Cinema is a universal medium.
Cinema is a very expensive art form.
Cinema is a window on the world, with unboundless possibilities for expressing the human condition.
Cinema is a worldwide phenomenon.
Cinema is alittle softer, but normal has better contrast.
Cinema is also the building itself, the cinema theatre.
Cinema is an art and it is a business.
Cinema is an art form rooted in technology.
Cinema is an art of layering disappearance.
Cinema is an excellent medium for encouraging fun, learning and dreams.
Cinema is an urban art.
Cinema is art, period.
Cinema is art.
Cinema is Art.
Cinema is both a passive and an active process.
Cinema is complimentary to genealogy.
Cinema is dead.
Cinema is equal parts commerce and art.
Cinema is escapism, TV is reality.
Cinema is for everyone passionate about movies.
Cinema is for the body, for the emotions.
Cinema is iconic, fascinating, seductive, and, of course, often extremely profitable.
Cinema is life with all the dull parts cut out.
Cinema is located in between football ground and station.
Cinema is located in cities.
Cinema is located in malls.
Cinema is located in shopping malls.
Cinema is located in towns.
Cinema is made up of bad elements.
Cinema is mediums.
Cinema is motion.
Cinema is no different.
Cinema is no exception.
Cinema is nothing but the rot of time.
Cinema is now a social thing.
Cinema is popular, although as an occasional treat rather than a regular habit.
Cinema is present here.
Cinema is rife with the formulaic.
Cinema is simple to install.
Cinema is stronger than reality.
Cinema is the most prestigious cultural activity in the modern world.
Cinema is the most technically and financially greedy of arts.
Cinema is theaters.
Cinema is there to educate as well as entertain.
Cinema is truth twenty-four times a second.
Cinema is used for entertainment.
Cinema is visceral.
Cinema is, after all, based on persistence of vision and it applies equally in sound.
Cinema isa instrumentality.
Cinema lead off lots calves when admire farmer's magazines.
Cinema Learn about the history of the development of motion pictures.
Cinema plays a powerful role in India.
Cinema projects everything in a big way.
Cinema pumps images into our souls just like hearts pump blood to our bodies.
Cinema realizes a new interface between machines and bodies.
Cinema resembles so many other arts.
Cinema seems to be a really nice package.
Cinema unite Stomach across mate near few phoenix suns clothes if tremble down no engine.
Cinemas also are limited.
Cinemas are buildings of contrast par excellence.
Cinemas are closed.
Cinemas are even more imaginative than the original.
Cinemas are open ca.
Cinemas featuring Arabic, Western , and Indian films are popular.
Cinemas operate a dozen or more screens.
Cinemas remade themselves, and now they are booming.
Cinemas show a variety of international films.
Cinemas show Chinese and foreign films.
Cinemas show mainly English and American films.
Cinemas show many English and American films.
Cinemas show variety of international films.
Cinemas tend to show the latest French language as well as local films.
All cinemas are air-conditioned.
All cinemas feature the latest in acoustics that add to the pleasure of viewing.
All cinemas require a licence to operate.
Every cinema is closed.
Many cinemas are just a short walk away.
Cinematic adaptations offer a rich body of material as well.
Cinematic combat is the stuff of movies and TV, with lots fireballs and loud noises.
Cinematic inspirations abound.
Cinematic legend has it that the audience shrieked and fled during the train sequence.
Cinematic motion is both prior to and independent of the manoeuvres of the narrative or script.
Cinematic movement is present.
Cinematic photography is an art form.
Cinematic time is suspended within time.
Every cinematic trick is used to give the production as much visual interest as possible.
A cinematographer is an artist
Cinematographer makes pictures.
Cinematographers are people.
Cinematographers are self-motivated.
Cinematographers can be more creative with lighting and exposure, and still see excellent results.
Cinematographers can be more creative with lighting and exposure, and still see remarkable results.
Cinematographers come to the craft from all different directions.
Cinematographers have a blank screen that has to be filled with the story.
Cinematographers have more freedom today to concentrate on aesthetic and creative issues.
Every cinematographer wants non-shaky films.
Some cinematographers specialize in filming cartoons or special effects.
Cinematographic works are protectable as dramatic works.
A cineraria is a flower
Cinerarias wilt rapidly in response to dry soils.
A cinnabar moth is an arctiid moth
Cinnabar moths are day-flying insects .
Cinnabar moths are day-flying insects.
Cinnabar exists in two crystal forms .
Cinnabar exists in two crystal forms.
Cinnabar has a very strong absorption in the visible due to a conduction band.
Cinnabar is a compound that contains mercury and sulfur.
Cinnabar is an arctiid moth
Cinnabar is an obsessive pirate who loves cinnamon and the call of the sea.
Cinnabar is excellent for placing in a cash box to increase ones income.
Cinnabar is minerals.
Cinnabar is one of the few sulfides that can be transparent.
Cinnabar is open by appointment only and approximately once a month for an open house.
Cinnabar is open to the public several times a year for special open houses.
Cinnabar is the distinctive bright red ore of mercury.
Cinnabar is the primary mercury mineral found in enriched substrate.
Cinnamic aldehyde is a known sensitizer.
Cinnamic ester reacts to form covalent bond to serine.
Cinnamomum cassia is cheaper and more abundant than Cinnamomum zeylanicum .
Cinnamon basils have beautiful color.
Cinnamon basils have color.
Most cinnamon basils have beautiful color.
Most cinnamon basils have color.
A cinnamon bun is roll
Cinnamon buns are the third finest creation of the human mind.
Cinnamon sticks are available at grocery stores and extra long ones at craft stores.
Cinnamon sticks are simply pieces of tree bark.
Cinnamon teal are common ducks in the marsh.
Cinnamon teals travel in small flocks, They are very fast flyers.
Cinnamon trees are trees.
Cinnamon trees thrive in tropical maritime climates at low altitudes.
Cinnamon has (part) sections.
Cinnamon is a laurel
Cinnamon is bark.
Cinnamon is laurels.
Cinnamon is located in kitchens.
Cinnamon is part of cinnamon.
Cinnamon is spices.
Cinnamon isa bark.
Cinnamons are very easy to breed.
Most cinnamon comes from Asia and the West Indies.
Most cinnamon is powdered and used in cooking.
Cinq improvisations pour orgue.
Cinq patients ont t exclus du groupe tudi .
A cinquefoil is a bush
Cinquefoil spreads by seed.
CIPA winners come from every part of Canada, and from all types of organizations.
CIPD qualification is essential and working experience in the voluntary sector is desirable.
Cipher modes define the method in which data is encrypted.
A cipher is a message
Cipher connotes zero or any Arabic numeral.
Cipher only needs to be selected when encrypting.
Cipher strides toward the podium, smiling and waving, waving and smiling.
Cipher tries the words on for size.
Ciphers are code.
Ciphers are commoners.
Ciphers are just as old.
Ciphers are messages in which letters are represented by letters, words, numbers or symbols.
Ciphers are messages.
Ciphers are text.
Ciphers speak out against other ciphers.
Ciphers turns paranoia inside out, rewriting history on a grand scale.
All cipher objects provide a similar interface.
All ciphers have additional requirements.
Many ciphers have significantly smaller keyspaces.
Many ciphers use a keyword to develop their particular jumble of letters.
Some ciphers are more secure, or stronger , than others.
Some ciphers are more secure, or stronger, than others.
Some ciphers have simple key schedules.
Some ciphers have simple keys, others, complex ones.
Ciphertext repetitions represent an inherent weakness in the basic encryption algorithm.
Circadian activity precedes daily methamphetamine injections in the rat.
Circadian clocks are cellular.
Circadian clocks function to govern a wide range of rhythmic activities in organisms.
Circadian clocks govern many human activities.
Circadian clocks have mechanisms to keep accurate time even when the temperature varies.
Circadian clocks regulate daily activities such as sleep and wakefulness.
Circadian clocks regulate olfactory responses.
Circadian disturbances can easily result from conditions other than jet travel.
Circadian dysfunction causes aberrant hypocotyl elongation patterns in Arabidopsis.
Circadian hormone rhythms in lipid regulation.
Circadian oscillators are biological clocks.
Circadian performance rhythms.
A circadian rhythm is time
Circadian rhythm is maintained during hibernation in yellow-bellied marmots.
Circadian rhythms affect human physiology and activity and thus influence many aspects of health.
Circadian rhythms are fundamental features of an organism's adaptation to their environment.
Circadian rhythms are somewhat more complicated than the simplest sine wave.
Circadian rhythms are the cyclical variations that mark the ebb and flow of daily life.
Circadian rhythms are very significant in human health, most obviously as they affect sleep.
Circadian rhythms control our thinking.
Circadian rhythms have a marked impact on sleep.
Circadian rhythms have an effect on the macro and microbiological functions of behavior.
Circadian rhythms produce repeating patterns over time.
Circadian rhythms seem to be a key problem with depression occuring exclusively during the winter.
Circadian rhythms seem to be a key problem with depression occurring exclusively during the winter.
Circadian rhythms seem to play a part in migraines.
Circadian temperature rhythms in relation to menstrual cycle phase.
Circassian folklore is rich, varied, and has served as a basis for modern literature and poetry.
Circle dances have no beginning or end.
Most circle dances are open circles where all are welcome.
Circle drive gives easy access to beveled glass front door that opens to marble entry.
Circle drive has long-wear brass bearing.
Circle graphs are used to compare the parts of a whole.
Most circle graphs are complete.
Some circle graphs are incomplete or inaccurately drawn.
Circle groups meet on varied schedules.
Circle groups meet once a month to discuss Bible lessons.
Circle hooks are best here, unless the water is full of snags.
Circle hooks are mandatory for all live baiting.
Circle hooks are revolutionary.
Circle hooks are very size orientated.
Circle hooks can also benefit anglers that are missing fish repeatedly.
Circle hooks promote efficient, safe connections.
Circle inversion is the key.
Every circle of friends includes at least one hooked on mints.
Circle of illumination passes directly over poles.
Circle Park is up the hill from the public garage.
Circle routes are often a practical alternative to having to do a shuttle.
Circle time can also be a time for entertainment and discovery.
Circle time can provide the impetus and ideas for parents to transfer skills and learning home.
Circle time consists of storytime, calendar, and subject or theme of that month.
Circle time is for group sharing and instructional activities.
Circle time is used throughout the school to help maintain our very positive ethos.
Circle time offers music, stories, and show and tell.
A circle is an oval
Circle are concrete.
Circle deals with everything with communication, by talking about it and trying to get along.
Circle drive for easy access.
Circle drive in front yard.
Circle drive with fruit and flowering trees.
Circle face counter clockwise- men on woman's rt.
Circle fill color choice.
Circle forms around the body, but no one understands the artistic implication of suicide.
Circle have a role, too.
Circle indicates cannibalism.
Circle indicates wholeness.
Circle is a farm and ranch town with good deer hunting in the fall.
Circle is a gay-owned personals service serving all of Maine and New England, check it out.
Circle is a metaphor of a globe, ellipse - of an orbit.
Circle is a starting point for travel on the Yukon River.
Circle is a town where high school proms and basketball are still the major social events.
Circle is by donation.
Circle is concrete.
Circle is constructed anywhere, but usually outdoors.
Circle is ended. .
Circle is labeled as an ellipse.
Circle is open, but unbroken.
Circle is open, tail part of same stroke.
Circle is Opened.
Circle is symbol of eternity.
Circle is used to define a circular area.
Circle isa ellipse.
Circle isa oval.
Circle means zero accident.
Circle now has a Web site.
Circle objects Circles can be entered in three different ways.
Circle pour within most village either switch windbreaker.
Circle produces about six shows a year.
Circle relate around either hammer instead separate realities.
Circle represents clusters most dense parts.
Circle represents particle.
Circle round the positions of the enemy.
Circle shows a three-dimensional simulation of the physics of a particle undergoing circular motion.
Circle stages recruitment drives at intervals.
Circle strongly supports the role education plays in the future of all arts organizations.
Circle swim by staying to the right.
Circle symbolizes balance, harmony and protection.
Circle weeding together with pathway clearing makes for easy and efficient harvesting.
Circles also connect stairs, tunnel sysrems and water reservoires.
Circles also connect stairs, tunnel systems and water reservoirs.
Circles also meet at different times during the month.
Circles are a community development process as well as a justice process.
Circles are all that is left to remain.
Circles are also available to serve at luncheons and wedding receptions.
Circles are always more pleasing than straight lines, curves always more fetching than angles.
Circles are always perfectly circular.
Circles are complete and whole.
Circles are conic sections.
Circles are constant.
Circles are creative, extroverted, and intuitive.
Circles are earthquakes used in the inversion.
Circles are everywhere.
Circles are Everywhere.
Circles are exclusive choices.
Circles are female, squares male.
Circles are good.
Circles are groups of neurons colour coded by the transmitter they release.
Circles are in control.
Circles are merely ellipses with equal width and height.
Circles are most effective at reducing left-turn and sideways collisions.
Circles are open and public for all Sabbbats.
Circles are openings for gloved arms and for inserting new equipment.
Circles are output using the first syntax.
Circles are ovals.
Circles are part of theaters.
Circles are polygons.
Circles are proportional to diversity according to their area.
Circles are proportional to number of citations, and the closer they get the more co-cited they are.
Circles are rates averaged over five adjacent spheres.
Circles are round shapes.
Circles are round.
Circles are rounds.
Circles are seating.
Circles are self managed and autonomous.
Circles are shapes.
Circles are simple closed curves.
Circles are special cases of ellipses.
Circles are the experimental data.
Circles are The shape of a pie.
Circles are to cover the ends of roll.
Circles are to one another as the squares on the diameters.
Circles are to one another as the squares on their diameters.
Circles are tough.
Circles are unit circles in the Z plane.
Circles are water quality monitoring locations.
Circles are when the students sit in a circle.
Circles assigns a team to each account to handle all requests and to manage the account.
Circles become ellipses.
Circles become nuts.
Circles build, nurture, and reinforce community.
Circles can abuse.
Circles can address deep underlying issues in the community.
Circles can be anything, a ball, a tire or even a ring.
Circles can be big or round -But only spheres can roll on the ground.
Circles can be for anyone.
Circles can bind.
Circles can contain.
Circles can fear.
Circles can hide.
Circles can hold.
Circles can include and indicate members outside the nuclear family living together.
Circles can kill.
Circles can mean the sun or moon.
Circles can overlap.
Circles can rape.
Circles can tell time, And are the shape of dimes.
Circles can threaten.
Circles can tie.
Circles come about because of the intimacy of the group.
Circles compare each health plan's score to the average for New Jersey health plans.
Circles contain a terminal , i.e. a part of the language to be defined.
Circles deform to ellipses.
Circles Demonstrates how to draw a circle.
Circles enclose other members of the regulon.
Circles exist everywhere and at all times, overlapping on the rain-kissed pond.
Circles gather collectively to participate in a unit meeting four times a year.
Circles Gives the definitions of terms related to circles.
Circles have (part) arcs.
Circles have diameters.
Circles have equal radii.
Circles have forward movement and completion, indefinite beginnings and endings.
Circles have many applications.
Circles have meaning, they're notable for the times that they're given away.
Circles have no angles and no clear beginning or end.
Circles have radii.
Circles have regular members and auxiliary members.
Circles have small radii.
Circles illustrate an object 's size in comparison to the others .
Circles illustrate an object's size in comparison to the others.
Circles indicate a positive induction, black dots indicate no mitogenetic effect.
Circles indicate a representative group of the abnormal cells.
Circles indicate dates of clearance rate measurements and lipid sampling.
Circles indicate females, squares indicate males.
Circles indicate locations of cores samples from the upper canyon.
Circles indicate observed exotherms.
Circles indicate phases of the moon.
Circles indicate sites that are popular swimming holes.
Circles indicate the beginning of the buoys' tracks.
Circles indicate the core operation of the system.
Circles is a living, growing group which is continually created by the people who attend.
Circles is a pioneer in the online concierge and convenience services industry.
Circles is an important way to describe a group.
Circles look like circles.
Circles mark the approximate locations of four recently discovered solar systems.
Circles mark the general soma location of each interneuron type.
Circles mean caution or controlled area.
Circles meet at different times during the second week of the month.
Circles meet for Bible study, fellowship, and to work on projects.
Circles meet monthly to study, worship, work and fellowship together.
Circles meet on a monthly basis for devotions, program, and fellowship.
Circles meet on a monthly schedule.
Circles meet on a regular basis in homes or at church .
Circles normally meet weekly, for a shared meal and mutual support.
Circles only require three numbers - the center point and how big the circle is going to be.
Circles overlap in relatively smaller segments than the broader overlap of parallel straight lines.
Circles produce miracles.
Circles provide a way for building that authentic community.
Circles provide food, entertaining programs and sometimes a favor for each person attending.
Circles provide programs and sharing time.
Circles reduce motor vehicle speeds and result in a big reduction in the number of accidents.
Circles refer to the radio antenna.
Circles represent active volcanoes in Japan.
Circles represent approximate coverage only.
Circles represent area medical centers.
Circles represent arguments modifying impacts.
Circles represent chance nodes.
Circles represent connections between subscribers who are talking to each other.
Circles represent different grades of Web sites.
Circles represent eternity.
Circles represent individual outliers.
Circles represent known WGD events identified previously.
Circles represent markers corresponding to the genetic map on the left.
Circles represent older events.
Circles represent raw data, solid line is smoothed data.
Circles represent reflectance of the endmembers.
Circles represent the primary star, triangles represent the companion.
Circles represent vortices.
Circles result in overlapping.
Circles retain their color after inversion.
Circles reveals the geometry of life in mazes, magic, pinwheels, pickles, and more.
Circles show locations of the simulated samples.
Circles show outliers.
Circles show the digitized path of the gymnast's hip in consecutive frames.
Circles show theoretical anomaly, solid line shows observed anomaly.
Circles show up a lot in aikido.
Circles signify no beginning, no end.
Circles stand for females and squares stand for males.
Circles suggest wholeness, unity, the womb, completion and eternity.
Circles symbolize scientists, ties symbolize one or more collaboration contacts.
Circles teach kids to be mathematicians who solve essay-style problems requiring proof.
Circles turn into cogwheels and slopes become flights of steps.
Circles uses billing information to purchase goods or services on members' behalf.
Circles withdraw from other shapes on the page.
Circles often function as a pre-sentence advisory process for the court.
Circles often have no added cost, and any custom shape is possible with the use of a die.
All circles are similar .
All circles have a beach front.
All circles meet during the day.
All circles pray for peace.
Any circle drawn around the Earth divides it into two equal halves called hemisphere s.
Any circle drawn around the earth such that the center of the circle is at the center of the earth.
Every circle is as unique as the women within it.
Every circle is-a Point.
Every circle represents a player.
More circles have to be drawn to make the method more understandable and outlines more accurate.
Most circles are very close together, almost touching.
Most circles have diameters.
Most circles have equal radii.
Most circles have radii.
Most circles have small radii.
Most circles have some ritual that shifts the energy.
Most circles meet during the day, others at night.
Some circle are for their members only and closed for others.
Some circles are a little harder to penetrate than others.
Some Circles are full of laughter and crazy stories.
Some circles are light and fun.
Some circles are so detailed as to be beyond a hoaxers ability.
Some circles get so tight they become nooses.
Some circles go on for months, trying out new members, untill they have five who are trustworthy.
Some circles indicate locations.
Some circles represent atoms.
Some circles represent carbon atoms.
Some circles represent locations.
Some circles see it as stars war.
Some circles show results.
Some circles specialize in reading, sewing or hands-on projects.
Circled area contains an area of normal meniscus.
Circled area contains an image of a portion of the meniscus.
Circled area indicate maximum isotope production.
Circled numbers indicate sequences of sperm and egg movement.
Circled numbers indicate the string the note is played on.
Circled points are the observed three month average values.
Circlefest plans are underway.
Circline bulbs are fluorescent tubes in the shape of a circle.
Circlip pliers are handy.
A circuit board is a circuit
Circuit board is conformal coated for added protection against harsh marine environment.
Circuit board is mounted to top half of case next to the button.
Circuit board Pull out the circuit board.
Circuit boards are compact and parallel to panel which reduces cabinet space.
Circuit boards come in many shapes and sizes.
Circuit boards contain lead, chromium and other hazardous materials.
Circuit boards contain lead, mercury, arsenic and other heavy metals.
Circuit boards contain lead.
Circuit boards feature electronics.
Circuit boards go from a sheet of metal to a integrated unit of diodes, capacitors and the like.
Circuit boards have to be replaced.
Circuit boards play key roles in the transportation and communications industries.
Circuit boards slide out from the rear.
Circuit boards use hundreds of transistors.
All circuit boards are double thru-hole plated fiberglass.
Most circuit boards are made with a light sensitive covering , for photolithography .
Most circuit boards are made with a light sensitive covering, for photolithography.
Most circuit boards feature electronics.
Some circuit boards are made plain so a person can build their own for a particular electrical task.
A circuit breaker is a fuse
Circuit breaker is tripped.
Circuit breaker needs repair.
Circuit breaker protects against overloads and reverse hookup.
Circuit breaker protects against overloads and reverse hookups.
Circuit breaker Uses a heat-sensitive spring to break contact in an overload condition.
Circuit breakers are fuses.
Circuit breakers are generally in the basement, or under the stairs.
Circuit breakers are in place.
Circuit breakers are located in cellars.
Circuit breakers are safety switchs.
Circuit breakers are trading halts coordinated across the equity and equity derivatives markets.
Circuit breakers can be either thermal or magnetic devices or a combination of the two.
Circuit breakers can be reset.
Circuit breakers codes Other dates etc.
Circuit breakers come in all shapes and sizes.
Circuit breakers have a useful role.
Circuit breakers protect against overloads.
Circuit breakers protect circuits and devices from too much current.
Circuit breakers protect the generator.
Circuit breakers protect the wiring and fixtures by turning off the power.
Circuit breakers protects against overloads and reverse hookups.
Circuit breakers provide time delay and are the preferred type of protection for general use.
Circuit breakers trip for a couple of reasons.
Circuit breakers trip without being overloaded.
Circuit breakers wear out much faster than the switchgear that houses the breakers.
Some circuit breakers are listed for more than one conductor per terminal, they are in the minority.
Circuit City acknowledges that they missed the early-adopter boat.
Circuit City has it on their web page.
Circuit City has plans to do so.
Circuit City is a good example.
Circuit City is a good source for portable machines in the United States.
Circuit City is anyway still the only nation-wide chain carrying it.
Circuit City offers shopping tips, glossaries and lots of customer information on electronics.
Circuit clerks collect money to help pay for their operations and some court operations.
Circuit components have different functions.
Circuit components have functions.
Circuit court cites dealing with U.S. jurisdiction.
Circuit court enters a judgement of foreclosure.
Circuit court enters a judgment of foreclosure.
Circuit court has jurisdiction of action for settlement of estate.
Circuit courts are the state trial courts of general jurisdiction.
Circuit courts deal with civil and criminal matters.
Circuit courts handle offenses with sentences ranging from one year to life.
Circuit courts handle the more serious crimes, the felonies.
Circuit courts have countywide jurisdiction over civil and criminal cases, and some appeals.
Circuit courts have exclusive jurisdiction over criminal prosecutions.
Circuit courts have the inherent power to determine the reasonableness of attorney's fees.
Circuit courts review only the record, with any appellate briefs and arguments presented.
Circuit design is approached differently.
Circuit design is done on a contract basis .
Circuit design prevents fraud and memory is protected against power failure.
Circuit designs require components.
Circuit designs using ferroelectric processes are still in development.
All circuit designs begin with a description of the required inputs, outputs, and functionality.
Most circuit designs require components.
Some circuit designs are used by engineers.
Circuit diagram is here .
Circuit diagram is very simple.
Circuit diagrams are the lingua franca of the semiconductor industry.
Circuit diagrams are viewable on-screen.
Circuit diagrams show circuits represented by symbols.
Circuit elements used include diodes, op-amps, transistors, thermistors, inductors and logic gates.
All circuit elements are digital .
Circuit integrity is maintained by the coating.
Circuit judges appoint the family law masters for their areas.
Circuit judges hear cases in three-judge panels.
Circuit judges hear major criminal and civil cases.
Circuit judges serve six-year terms.
Circuit mode is the traditional closed road circuit race.
Most circuit nodes are stateless or nearly so.
Circuit parties are a great alternative for weekends, too.
Circuit parties occur in all four corners of the country.
Circuit racing is a traditional lap race through the city streets.
Circuit simulation is based on the modified nodal approach.
Circuit simulation provides a means of modelling a circuit's response to a given set of inputs.
Circuit switches have a rich feature set.
Circuit switches offer outstanding performance.
Circuit switching can be either asynchronous or synchronous.
Circuit switching has the long ago image of a switchboard operator making physical connections.
Circuit switching is considered in the next page.
Circuit switching is dead.
Circuit switching is the method used in the voice network.
Circuit switching is used extensively in the telephone network.
Circuit tester is made using teacher's tester as model.
Circuit testers are available to inspect circuits.
Circuit theory fundamentals through transfer functions.
Circuit theory is reinforced with laboratory activities and technical report writing.
Circuit traces are tin-plated for protection and ease of soldering.
Circuit training consists of three sets of ten different exercises.
Circuit training helps strengthen and tone specific muscle groups.
Circuit training involves alternately doing resistance exercises with aerobic exercises.
Circuit training involves cycling through weight lifting and aerobic exercise.
Circuit training involves lifting lighter weights and resting for shorter periods between exercises.
Circuit training involves using low weights, high repetitions, and little rest between lifts.
Circuit training is a weight conditioning method that improves both strength and aerobic endurance.
Circuit training is excellent for developing good basic strength and body tone.
Circuit training is held within the hall.
Circuit training is included.
Circuit training is one of the best ways to achieve all-round fitness.
Circuit training is psychologically rewarding.
Circuit training is recommended for people who want to strengthen their hearts and lose body fat.
Circuit training maximizes the total benefits while minimizing the total time spent exercising.
Circuit training promotes the removal of toxins which build up in the body during rigorous activity.
Circuit training provides a dose of both muscle training and aerobic conditioning in one workout.
Circuit utilization is measured to show the use of the network circuits in bits per second.
A circuit is an electrical device
Circuit also provides a motor jog function.
Circuit contains delay control, mike jack and sensitivity.
Circuit designs questions of all kinds are welcomed.
Circuit features on microprocessor chips in computers also contain plasma.
Circuit has a different mixed drink and beer special each night.
Circuit has an extremely high current gain and input impedance.
Circuit includes a momentary start pulse and an auxiliary contact sealin delay timer.
Circuit Includes administrative orders, court rules and more.
Circuit Includes administrative orders, local rules, and more.
Circuit includes over-voltage protection.
Circuit includes Texas, Maryland, Illinois, Oklahoma and Georgia.
Circuit is assembled on a small wire-wrap board.
Circuit is illustrated completely and accurately.
Circuit is the operational definition of a radio channel.
Circuit is to be determined based on weather conditions and Olympic preparations.
Circuit is to have a common ground with the distance learning classroom.
Circuit isa device.
Circuit needs the competition.
Circuit offers a high impedance at resonant frequency.
Circuit reduces loud sounds, like muzzleblasts, to safe levels.
Circuit refuses to take up the case.
Circuits act as circuits.
Circuits allow electricity.
Circuits allow voltage.
Circuits apply voltage.
Circuits are a cinch to organize and can be performed with or without equipment.
Circuits are electrical devices.
Circuits are generally very complex combinations of series and parallel circuits.
Circuits are groups.
Circuits are load limited and outlets and ceiling lights are very low loads.
Circuits are normally to the north of the runway and very tight.
Circuits are part of electronic equipment.
Circuits are paths.
Circuits are to be drawn with drawing instruments.
Circuits are to the north of the field.
Circuits are to the south and the joining procedure avoids nearby villages.
Circuits can overload.
Circuits can spontaneously become energized without warning.
Circuits change color to indicate data state.
Circuits come in all different sizes, shapes, and configurations.
Circuits conduct electricity.
Circuits consist of conductors.
Circuits contain components.
Circuits contain other components.
Circuits continue to decrease in size while function continues to increase.
Circuits convert electrical energy.
Circuits convert energy.
Circuits convert power.
Circuits create fields.
Circuits create magnetic fields.
Circuits draw power.
Circuits Explores the fundamental principles of active devices.
Circuits have (part) electromagnets.
Circuits have (part) electron tubes.
Circuits have (part) resistors.
Circuits have (part) sections.
Circuits have (part) vacuum tubes.
Circuits have batteries.
Circuits have breakers.
Circuits have bulbs.
Circuits have circular paths.
Circuits have components.
Circuits have gates.
Circuits have little resistance.
Circuits have logic gates.
Circuits have paths.
Circuits have power sources.
Circuits have resistance.
Circuits have sources.
Circuits include components.
Circuits include forces.
Circuits involve active components.
Circuits involve components.
Circuits involve current.
Circuits involve electrical components.
Circuits involve in energy.
Circuits involve in radiant energy.
Circuits involve motors.
Circuits involve resistors.
Circuits is free for non-commercial educational use.
Circuits is music for the mind as well.
Circuits located at corners of the screen measure the capacitance of a person touching the overlay.
Circuits make up electronic systems.
Circuits need current.
Circuits need electrical current.
Circuits process specific kinds of information.
Circuits provide power.
Circuits repeat beginning at center.
Circuits require voltage.
Circuits serve purposes.
Circuits show conduction.
Circuits show resistors.
Circuits use charge.
Circuits use components.
Circuits use computers.
Circuits use electricity.
Circuits frequently require DC voltages less than the circuit power supply voltage.
All circuits are back to normal.
All circuits are busy Soaring Internet use strands callers with busy signal.
All circuits are busy.
All circuits are completely digital and in place.
All circuits are in conduit.
All circuits are lefthand .
All circuits are operational.
All circuits are patchable, in any sequence, to all dimmers.
All circuits are pin stage connectors with ground.
All circuits are solid state with extensive use of integrated circuits to enhance reliability.
All circuits begin at Bangalore and end at a convenient transit point.
All circuits mentioned above are redundant, using two, diversely routed, fiber-cables.
All circuits terminate in grounded stage pin connectors.
All circuits work in subthreshold, resulting in low power consumption.
Any circuit can by local rule establish a family court.
Every circuit has some capacitance even if it is small.
Every circuit is considered guilty until proven innocent.
Many circuits can get really complicated.
Many circuits have a combination of series and parallel resistors.
Many circuits have a very repetitive structure.
Many circuits use or generate dangerous voltages even when powered by low voltage batteries.
More circuits open up as others are completed.
Most circuits act as circuits.
Most circuits allow electricity.
Most circuits allow voltage.
Most circuits also require mediation in an effort to settle the case.
Most circuits apply voltage.
Most circuits are combinations of both.
Most circuits conduct electricity.
Most circuits consist of conductors.
Most circuits contain components.
Most circuits contain other components.
Most circuits convert electrical energy.
Most circuits convert energy.
Most circuits convert power.
Most circuits create fields.
Most circuits create magnetic fields.
Most circuits draw power.
Most circuits have batteries.
Most circuits have bulbs.
Most circuits have circular paths.
Most circuits have components.
Most circuits have gates.
Most circuits have limits to the range of frequencies that they can handle.
Most circuits have little resistance.
Most circuits have logic gates.
Most circuits have paths.
Most circuits have power sources.
Most circuits have resistance.
Most circuits have sources.
Most circuits involve active components.
Most circuits involve components.
Most circuits involve current.
Most circuits involve electrical components.
Most circuits involve in energy.
Most circuits involve in radiant energy.
Most circuits involve motors.
Most circuits involve resistors.
Most circuits provide power.
Most circuits require far fewer frequency points for accurate analysis.
Most circuits require voltage.
Most circuits serve purposes.
Most circuits show conduction.
Most circuits show resistors.
Most circuits use charge.
Most circuits use components.
Most circuits use computers.
Most circuits use electricity.
Some circuits act as detectors.
Some circuits act as light detectors.
Some circuits are more advanced in providing online cases than others.
Some circuits are part of cellphones.
Some circuits are part of modems.
Some circuits are part of monitors.
Some circuits are part of phones.
Some circuits are part of radar.
Some circuits are part of receivers.
Some circuits are part of recorders.
Some circuits are part of stereos.
Some circuits are part of telephones.
Some circuits are part of tellies.
Some circuits are part of tv.
Some circuits are plainly better suited to stock car racing than open-wheel.
Some circuits are powered by batteries.
Some circuits are very long.
Some circuits consist of batteries.
Some circuits contain batteries.
Some circuits contain bulbs.
Some circuits contain light bulbs.
Some circuits create resistance.
Some circuits dissipate power.
Some circuits excuse the lack of exhaustion where constitutional violations are alleged.
Some circuits have advantage.
Some circuits have limitations on the voltage that can be applied to an input or output pin.
Some circuits have phases.
Some circuits have poles.
Some circuits have resistors.
Some circuits have series resistors.
Some circuits have three-judge panels for such review.
Some circuits have voltage.
Some circuits perform functions.
Some circuits perform logic functions.
Some circuits perform specific functions.
Some circuits perform specific logic functions.
Some circuits produce beep sound.
Some circuits produce sound.
Some circuits provide methods.
Some circuits require a lot of logic but only a small amount of interconnect.
Some circuits require capacitors capable of withstanding large current pulses.
Some circuits require that the public official ask for the bribe to be convicted.
Some circuits run bulbs.
Some circuits use appliances.
Some circuits use batteries.
Some circuits use devices.
Some circuits use resistors.
Circuitry allows full speed in either direction.
Circuitry also supports false-color display.
Circuitry detects the loss of current and signals that the desired document has been found.
Circuitry is described in detail later herein.
Circuitry is designed for high reliability and long operating life.
Circuitry is electronic equipment
Circuitry is electronic equipment.
Circuitry is gated to mute the output when no input signal is present.
Circuitry is impedance protected from line conducted voltage and current transients and surges.
Circuitry is included to allow a system check to be performed automatically.
All circuitry is housed within the control panel box.
All circuitry is on a single PC board.
All circuitry is solid state for long, trouble-free life.
All circuitry is transformerless and direct coupled for sonic integrity.
All circuitry is transformerless and direct-coupled for sonic accuracy.
Circular aggregation increases in radius with clearance of in-focus plains.
Circular areas have floors.
Most circular areas have floors.
Circular arguments are invalid, because in the end they argue their conclusion as a premise.
Circular bar offers an exceptional wine list and appetizers.
Circular base is made of steel for long lasting service and easy moving.
Some circular basins contain lavas.
Circular beds are popular in the South.
Circular boundaries minimize huddling and loss due to suffocation.
Circular breathing allows the player to breath while producing continuous sound.
Circular breathing connects the inhale with the exhale in a comfortable fashion.
Circular breathing connects the inhale with the exhale in a slow and comfortable fashion.
Circular breathing is a very simple technique.
Circular breathing is what allows players to perform continuously without stopping for breath.
Circular bullets indicate boxes containing material of a more general nature.
Circular coils are very common too.
Circular composition is cut by a vertical axis.
Circular convolution is used to deal with the boundaries.
Circular crowd is used only for loading.
Circular dichroism adapts itself to the pharmaceutical market and finally blossoms.
Circular dichroism arises from the electronic transitions of chiral compounds.
Circular dichroism is obtained only within absorption bands.
Circular dichroism is the difference in the absorption of left and right circularly polarized light.
Circular dichroism is useful in the differentiation of geometric and optical isomers.
Circular energy is that which have been meant to understand from the beginning.
Circular explanations are ones where the cause is the same as the effect.
Circular feeders are perfectly successful in many circumstances.
A circular file is a container
Circular files support a maximum number of records.
Circular fillets are fillets that have a constant radius.
Circular flanges located on the skids keep a boats' keel tracking on center.
Circular form becomes a universal symbol for almost anything.
Circular form goes to nucleus and integrates at random location.
Circular forms become faces and suns, vertical and horizontal lines become trees, arms and legs.
Circular forms have radial ornamentation.
Circular format indicates time and heaven.
Circular gardens are fun, too.
Circular gradient blurs everything in a receding circle.
Circular grooves fit the fingers for a secure grip.
Circular halos appear on the screen around the hole.
Circular hyperlinks are very common on the Web.
Circular interpolation is studied with the additional word addresses that are necessary.
Circular ladles have more rigidity than elliptical ladles.
Circular lines can suggest safety, contentment, serenity.
Circular logic decrees that the lack of a solution is the problem.
Circular medallions decorate the spandrel areas.
Circular motion is another simple type of motion.
Circular motion is better than linear motion.
Circular motion requires centripetal forces.
Circular motion requires forces.
Circular motions work well.
Most circular motion requires centripetal forces.
Most circular motion requires forces.
Circular movement is a necessary aspect and condition for both the subject and object to co-exist.
Circular movement is first because it is most natural anatomically.
Circular movement synthesizes everything and can freely resolve all problems.
Circular muscles surround the worm's body and can make the body shrink or spread out.
Some circular muscles change shapes.
Some circular muscles control recta.
Circular needle is used to hold the large number of sts.
Circular needles don t lend themselves to as many decorative options.
Circular objects are mitochondria.
Circular ones work well also.
Circular orbits are merely a special case of an ellipse where the foci are coincident.
Circular orbits are usually the most desirable but are the hardest to achieve.
Circular orbits mean more uniform receipt of energy from season to season and from year to year.
Circular panels hinge from each side after launch to expose solar cells.
Circular parts possess rotational symmetry.
Circular patterns are the next big thing in home fashion.
Any circular pattern can be a mandala.
Circular piers support the clerestory.
Circular polarization is strongest near the pulse center, with a sense reversal at the center.
Circular ponds are preferable.
Circular pool dominates hotel grounds.
Circular portholes provide light to the room during the day.
Circular pumps have an equal area around the impeller.
Circular queue is used as a basic data structure to maintain the color samples.
Circular reaction begins.
Circular references are no problem.
Circular references are the root of nearly every leak.
Circular references can cause problems such as ever increasing memory usage and even GPFs.
Circular rooms are also weird.
A circular saw is a power tool
Circular saws are electrical devices.
Circular saws are excellent for cutting rough boards or plywood to desired dimensions.
Circular saws are saws.
Circular saws are suitable for straight cuts.
Circular saws are tools.
Circular saws can cause serious damage with eye injuries and cuts being the most common.
Circular saws can produce a considerable amount of dust.
Circular seats echo the shape and colors of the core samples.
Circular shape lends itself a wide variety of graphics.
Circular situations are common in our daily life.
Circular speed is the orbital speed of a body that moves in a circular orbit.
Circular spots occur on leaves which results in their shedding from the plant.
Circular stairs lead from the floor of the tower, to the upper deck.
Circular stairs rise to observation seating rooms for relaxation and views of the mountains.
Circular stairways are also a form of a screw.
Circular steps lead down from the beacon.
Circular stone features once described as hut remains are now thought to be natural.
Circular stools mimic the core samples.
Circular symbols represent focal mechanisms, and square symbols represent geologic indicators.
Circular tanks have several advantages over other tank shapes and raceways.
Circular time has no end.
Circular velocity is required to put an object in orbit around the Earth.
A circular is an advertising
Circulars are ads.
Circulars are better than having nothing at all.
Circulars are located in mail boxs.
Circulars are shapes.
Circulars are the way to go .
Circulars concerning motion picture companies often fail to refer to the above hazards.
Circulars contain material that is updated at regular intervals of less than five years.
Circulars listed above are still in force.
Circulars provide practical information similar to guides but are often more comprehensive.
Circulars re infantile gastro-enteritis, infectious diarrhoea, smallpox and cholera.
Many circulars are cross referenced to more than one Manual.
Some circulars establish federal policy on matters of grant administration.
Circularity does indeed seem unavoidable.
Circularity is a closely-related logical problem.
Circularity is also evident when the beginning of the story is compared with the final paragraph.
Circularity is avoided by using a technique known as bootstrapping.
Circularity is easier to explain.
Circularity is obviously a common means of commonsense knowledge representation.
Circularity is roundness
Circularity is roundness.
Circulate hormones stimulate growth.
Most circulating items have a four week loan period.
All circulating material is subject to recall.
Most circulating materials are in one alphanumeric arrangement.
Circulation problems -Treating circulation problems can decrease the risk for stroke.
Circulation systems track overdue materials faster and more efficiently.
Circulation also assists patrons with fiction reader advisory services.
Circulation Answer the following questions completely.
Circulation anticipates using the current configuration after the remodeling.
Circulation appears to be more user friendly with hot keys and tabs.
Circulation begins early in fetal life.
Circulation begins with oxygenated blood entering the fetus through the umbilical vein.
Circulation begins,a process needed for the continuation of pregnancy.
Circulation brings numerous merits.
Circulation can be simple and understandable without being boring.
Circulation can bring the cold water to the top of the pond and push the warmer, deep water away.
Circulation can help.
Circulation carries heat to the cold surfaces.
Circulation causes nutrients and sediments to be mixed and resuspended.
Circulation changes periodically.
Circulation check for a pulse.
Circulation Check out and return books at the circulation desk .
Circulation closes thirty minutes prior to closing.
Circulation Compare the anatomy and efficiency of open and closed circulatory systems.
Circulation comprises the second critical leg each newspaper has to stand on.
Circulation Contains information about the library's circulation policies.
Circulation continues to be lower than last year.
Circulation continues to increase each month.
Circulation continues to skyrocket.
Circulation distributes the magazine.
Circulation distributes the papers to individual carriers, newsrack and newsstands.
Circulation does more than check books in and out.
Circulation fluctuates monthly.
Circulation has cardiovascular questions and needs respiratory questions.
Circulation helps increase oxygen levels in the water.
Circulation helps speed up the drying process.
Circulation improves and cardiovascular fitness is greatly increased.
Circulation improves and skin cells function with greater efficiency.
Circulation improves in all the arteries of the body, both large and small.
Circulation improves, because there is less fat in the arteries.
Circulation improves, internal organs function better, and muscles and joints become more flexible.
Circulation includes check in, check out, reserves, lost and damaged materials, and shelving.
Circulation includes faculty, staff, students, residents and alumni.
Circulation increases dramatically, and edema is measurably reduced in each session.
Circulation involving the brain and spinal chord is improved.
Circulation is a big advantage, plants like a current of water.
Circulation is a strange blend of broad vision and minute detail.
Circulation is academic journals.
Circulation is also a considered factor determining retention.
Circulation is an escalation of energy.
Circulation is approx.
Circulation is as important to financial health as it is to physical, mental, and emotional health.
Circulation is assessed using several clinical clues.
Circulation is based on a growing membership.
Circulation is broken down by subscription and single copy sales.
Circulation is close to nil.
Circulation is completed.
Circulation is controlled.
Circulation is counts.
Circulation is deemed to have been established once fluid reaches the surface.
Circulation is definitely worth knowing.
Circulation is deliberately limited.
Circulation is directly responsible for attracting and retaining readers.
Circulation is dissemination
Circulation is dissemination.
Circulation is down . . .
Circulation is down because newspaper readership is declining.
Circulation is down.
Circulation is encouraged.
Circulation is enhanced with bonus distribution at leading industry tradeshows and conferences.
Circulation is enhanced.
Circulation is for one week.
Circulation is for the entire month.
Circulation is for three days.
Circulation is for two weeks with renewals possible in person, over the phone, or by e-mail.
Circulation is governed by the policies for non-university users .
Circulation is helped.
Circulation is important mainly to attract advertisers.
Circulation is improved as blood vessels are strengthened.
Circulation is improved by hydrostatic pressure and water warmth.
Circulation is improved to the brain, eyes, inner ears, and extremities.
Circulation is improved.
Circulation is in paid daily, paid weekly and free weekly publications.
Circulation is increased, and metabolic pathways are opened.
Circulation is increased.
Circulation is increasing week by week and despite teething problems, it seems to be taking hold.
Circulation is international.
Circulation is just a piece of the pie.
Circulation is layered to reduce conflicts, make space secure, or provide better service.
Circulation is less dramatic in spring and fall, when light winds predominate everywhere.
Circulation is limited according to the instructor's restrictions.
Circulation is limited and for instructional purposes only.
Circulation is limited due to a restricted number of copies printed.
Circulation is limited to books and scores.
Circulation is limited to four books at a time from the regular circulating collection.
Circulation is limited to individuals living in Llano County or counties adjacent to Llano County.
Circulation is limited to members, prospective members, and advertisers.
Circulation is limited to museum staff and docents only.
Circulation is limited to overnight.
Circulation is limited to short loan periods.
Circulation is limited to students and staff.
Circulation is limited to two books at a time from the regular circulating collection.
Circulation is limited to two hours in-library use only.
Circulation is limited, and advertising revenue is unreliable.
Circulation is low, as are income from advertising and sales.
Circulation is maintained through chest compressions.
Circulation is managed by a central stair hall with both formal and private stairways.
Circulation is much better as measured by walking, jogging, and bending over to work on something.
Circulation is necessary to add medications to prevent blood-clotting and ischemic damage.
Circulation is next concentrating on graduate courtesy notices, then other patron categories.
Circulation is no later than the first business day of each month.
Circulation is no longer an adequate measure of public library service.
Circulation is normal and skin condition is good.
Circulation is notified of the changes for purposes of monitoring looseleaf filing.
Circulation is now strong in most segmental vessels along the trunk and tail.
Circulation is obstructed, causing additional damage to the tissue affected.
Circulation is one of the main factors taken into a count by potential advertiser.
Circulation is only one indicator of use.
Circulation is open all of the hours that the library is open.
Circulation is outstanding, the price is right, and the targets are there.
Circulation is over half a million loans per year.
Circulation is paid.
Circulation is performed by a heart-lung machine.
Circulation is poor.
Circulation is possible again now.
Circulation is provided by a Sequence Dart pump on a closed loop.
Circulation is quite poor in the leg.
Circulation is responsible for physical removal of print or microfilm discards.
Circulation is responsible for physical transfer of print or microfilm holdings.
Circulation is responsible for sales, service and home delivery of the newspaper.
Circulation is responsible for security taping the issue.
Circulation is restricted.
Circulation is reviewed semi-annually and is authenticated by the publisher.
Circulation is spread.
Circulation is stagnant or down.
Circulation is standard or reverse and for horizontal or raised bore drilling.
Circulation is sworn by the association.
Circulation is terrible-hallways are narrowest in the classroom wings, and stairways are misplaced.
Circulation is the number of copies sold by a magazine in one issue.
Circulation is the same for amusement as it is for the traditional The Miami Student.
Circulation is up in all areas including videos.
Circulation is up, thanks in part to a vibrant Web site.
Circulation is usually for a limited period of time and most can only be used in the library.
Circulation is verified annually.
Circulation is vital, the feet are one of the first places to get cold.
Circulation isa communication.
Circulation maintains a database that tracks unsold copies at the retailer level.
Circulation makes a great deal in the work and overdue too.
Circulation monitors the condition of the copiers and the quality of the copies daily.
Circulation occurs in the hotter, lower layers of the mantle.
Circulation oversees all aspects of the check-out of library materials.
Circulation oversees the audio and videotape collections and the new adult materials.
Circulation performs several searches over a period of up to six months.
Circulation presents the toughest task.
Circulation proceeds smoothly, blood flow is improved and oxygen reaches all cells of the body.
Circulation processes the items, notifies the patron, and holds the items there.
Circulation provides a crucial missing link connecting inflammation to heart attack.
Circulation provides the library circulation policies, information about overdue fines, etc.
Circulation pulls damaged material performing check-in and check out tasks.
Circulation Read by over three thousand individuals nationwide.
Circulation refers to lending and borrowing library materials.
Circulation releases nutrients and renews hypolimnetic oxygen.
Circulation Res .
Circulation See heart.
Circulation sends the file from the inventory scanner to the mainframe.
Circulation slows down and causes the blood to pool.
Circulation slows, leading to congestion and pain.
Circulation tends to diminish, causing cold feet and numbness.
Circulation then serves to bring newly oxygenated blood to the tissues of the body.
Circulation There are two types of channels that carry blood around our bodies.
Circulation uses it.
Circulations are small and variable.
Circulations are steady, advertising is up, but the industry is beset by uncertainty.
Circulations explain how air and storm systems travel over the Earth's surface.
Circulation often improves, too.
Circulatory abnormalities are common in respiratory failure.
Circulatory changes are common in affected extremities in multiple sclerosis.
Circulatory changes cause even more pressure and pain.
Circulatory collapse is uncommon, but some patients have bradycardia and hypotension.
Circulatory compromise needs veterinary attention.
Circulatory diseases comprise a larger share of job-related diseases than is generally acknowledged.
Circulatory disorders are also a major complaint.
Many circulatory disorders run in families.
Some circulatory disorder damages small arteries.
Circulatory disturbances affect functions.
Circulatory disturbances affect renal functions.
Most circulatory disturbances affect functions.
Most circulatory disturbances affect renal functions.
Circulatory dysfunction is known to be part of the problem with impotence.
Circulatory failure has many possible causes.
Circulatory failure is a cardiovascular disease
Circulatory overload is a possibility any time blood is administered rapidly in large amounts.
Circulatory overload is a state of increased blood volume.
Circulatory patterns vary considerably amongst Polychaete species.
Circulatory problems are a major complication of diabetes.
Circulatory shock is often the immediate cause of death.
Circulatory stimulation can also be pathologic, as in healing bone.
Circulatory stimulation is one of the reasons that capsicum relieves pain when applied topically.
Circulatory substances can also affect the heart rate.
A circulatory system is a system
Circulatory System Find the pericardium again.
Circulatory system is initially open and blood lacks corpuscles.
Circulatory system is required.
Circulatory System Learn how the Blood Gets Around the Body.
Circulatory systems are body parts.
Circulatory systems are organ systems.
Circulatory systems are part of bodies.
Circulatory systems are solid objects.
Circulatory systems can be open or closed.
Circumaural headphones have a large cushion and fit around the ear, contacting the head.
Circumcised men are less likely to get and transmit sexually transmitted diseases.
Circumcised men get penile cancer at about the same tiny rate as intact men.
Circumcised men take longer to ejaculate.
Circumcised pricks are much cuter.
Circumcision absolutely prevents all foreskin infections.
Circumcision affects mother-infant interaction.
Circumcision allows full stimulation of the corona during sexual activity.
Circumcision also leaves significant emotional and spiritual scars.
Circumcision also makes the girls clean and hygienic.
Circumcision can be a religious ritual , or a custom in certain tribes , or a medical practice .
Circumcision can be a religious ritual, or a custom in certain tribes, or a medical practice.
Circumcision can be curative.
Circumcision can be hazardous if bleeding disorders run in the family.
Circumcision can only take place after a birth.
Circumcision can take place at home, synagogue or social halls with complete safety.
Circumcision causes babies intense pain and suffering.
Circumcision causes pain, trauma, and a permanent loss of protective and erogenous tissue.
Circumcision causes some pain, unless it is performed with an anesthetic.
Circumcision completely exposes the glans.
Circumcision creates a scar and causes the penis to become desensitized.
Circumcision decreases penile cancer.
Circumcision does cause pain for the baby.
Circumcision forges a bond between the child and parent through pain and suffering.
Circumcision greatly reduces the incidence of penile cancer.
Circumcision has cultural implication.
Circumcision has hygienic value.
Circumcision has no impact on sexual pleasure.
Circumcision has nothing to do with religion.
Circumcision helps prevent urinary tract infections.
Circumcision helps the new breed of conscious male develop in the world.
Circumcision imposes the beliefs of one person unto another.
Circumcision includes photos of babies obviously in extreme pain during the procedure.
Circumcision involves forcibly retracting the foreskin and cutting away the inner and outer layers.
Circumcision involves removing the foreskin , which shields the head of the penis.
Circumcision involves removing the foreskin that shields the head of the penis.
Circumcision involves surgically removing the foreskin of the penis.
Circumcision involves the removal of the foreskin at the end of the penis.
Circumcision is a choice .
Circumcision is a cultural marker.
Circumcision is a cutting away of unnecessary flesh that gets in the way.
Circumcision is a decision that parents make for their sons without access to the facts.
Circumcision is a deeply rooted custom in Kenya.
Circumcision is a divine commandment.
Circumcision is a fairly simple procedure, typically performed shortly after an infant s birth.
Circumcision is a fetish.
Circumcision is a hot topic on many parenting newsgroups, and evokes a lot of emotion and debate.
Circumcision is a hotly debated issue in the medical world.
Circumcision is a human rights issue.
Circumcision is a physical injury.
Circumcision is a powerful emotional issue for some people.
Circumcision is a prerequisite of being a Jewish man.
Circumcision is a procedure rife with complications.
Circumcision is a procedure that can be performed at any age.
Circumcision is a radical surgical treatment.
Circumcision is a relatively safe procedure.
Circumcision is a removal
Circumcision is a sexual mutilation.
Circumcision is a sign of the covenant, but the covenant is passed on by blood.
Circumcision is a surgical procedure and as with any surgery there are potential risks.
Circumcision is a very good parallel to consider.
Circumcision is a very painful procedure, performed on a completely innocent and unsuspecting baby.
Circumcision is about sending many messages, on a cellular level to that baby.
Circumcision is absolutely necessary.
Circumcision is advisable in most cases.
Circumcision is also an old tradition or practice.
Circumcision is an atrocity and a fraud.
Circumcision is an initiation into the Jewish people.
Circumcision is an operation in which the foreskin over the head of the penis is removed.
Circumcision is an operation that removes the foreskin.
Circumcision is an operation where the fold of skin around the top of the penis is cut.
Circumcision is another issue.
Circumcision is as painful a procedure to a newborn as it is to an adult.
Circumcision is child abuse.
Circumcision is connected with Pesach.
Circumcision is considered a type of rebirth, and death to one's former self.
Circumcision is considered the most significant rite of passage to adulthood.
Circumcision is done for religious and cultural reasons.
Circumcision is done to rein in sexual drive.
Circumcision is extremely painful and traumatic for a baby.
Circumcision is generally a safe procedure, research suggests.
Circumcision is important for both boys and girls.
Circumcision is inconsistent with significant Jewish laws and values.
Circumcision is indicated in phimosis, paraphimosis, and balanoposthitis.
Circumcision is irreversible.
Circumcision is known to cause sleep disturbances for at least three days.
Circumcision is mainstream male child genital mutilation.
Circumcision is medically unjustified penis reduction surgery.
Circumcision is most common in white men and men from educated families.
Circumcision is most prevalent in Jewish and Muslim traditions.
Circumcision is much less widespread in England, Canada, and Australia.
Circumcision is never a free personal choice.
Circumcision is no different.
Circumcision is no longer an issue.
Circumcision is no picnic.
Circumcision is normal.
Circumcision is nothing and uncircumcision is nothing.
Circumcision is nothing, etc.
Circumcision is one more form of institutionalized violence against men.
Circumcision is one of the oldest operations on record.
Circumcision is out.
Circumcision is painful and consequently stressful.
Circumcision is painful, Canada study suggests.
Circumcision is painful, unnecessary and permanent.
Circumcision is painful.
Circumcision is part of spiritual, emotional and psychological health.
Circumcision is particularly abhorrent when it is practised for purely secular, non-medical reasons.
Circumcision is performed by cutting a V-shaped piece from the hood over the center of the clitoris.
Circumcision is performed on the eighth day of the child's life, during the day.
Circumcision is performed only on healthy babies.
Circumcision is performed only on males.
Circumcision is perpetuated by doing it to infants.
Circumcision is practiced as a national tradition.
Circumcision is practiced as a religious procedure.
Circumcision is prettier.
Circumcision is quite uncommon in the rest of Europe, in Asia, and in Central and South America.
Circumcision is relevant today.
Circumcision is rites.
Circumcision is rooted in the Abrahamic covenant, and is the central sign of our Jewish identities.
Circumcision is seen as a traditional practice.
Circumcision is sexual assault , says psychologist.
Circumcision is so destructive.
Circumcision is still very important.
Circumcision is surgery on a very sensitive part of the body.
Circumcision is surgery, and as such it has attendant risks .
Circumcision is surgery, and like all surgery it has risks.
Circumcision is the accepted operation to treat phimosis.
Circumcision is the amputation of the prepuce from the penis.
Circumcision is the best surgical procedure for phimosis.
Circumcision is the central event of their adolescence.
Circumcision is the cutting off of the fold of skin that normally covers the glans of the penis.
Circumcision is the first act of sanctification in the life of a Jewish male.
Circumcision is the least invasive of that.
Circumcision is the most common operation in male newborns in the United States.
Circumcision is the most common surgical procedure performed on Canadian newborns.
Circumcision is the most widely offered surgical correction for phimosis.
Circumcision is the oldest of Jewish rituals and still going strong.
Circumcision is the only permanent cure.
Circumcision is the only surgery which is used to prevent disease.
Circumcision is the removal of a part or all of the foreskin at birth or later on in life.
Circumcision is the removal of a part or all of the male foreskin either at birth or later on.
Circumcision is the removal of the foreskin at the end of the penis.
Circumcision is the removal of the foreskin from the penis.
Circumcision is the removal of the foreskin of the penis.
Circumcision is the removal of the foreskin.
Circumcision is the surgical removal of the foreskin from the head of the penis.
Circumcision is the surgical removal of the foreskin from the penis.
Circumcision is the surgical removal of the foreskin of the penis.
Circumcision is the surgical removal of the foreskin, which covers the head of the penis.
Circumcision is the traditional treatment method of choice in uncircumcised patients.
Circumcision is the ultimate child sexual abuse.
Circumcision is the worst hoax ever perpetrated on the male sex.
Circumcision is thought to prevent urinary tract infections and penile cancer.
Circumcision is thus a non-therapeutic amputation.
Circumcision is uncommon in Asia, South America, Central America, and most of Europe.
Circumcision is viewed as a rite of passage and necessary for marriage.
Circumcision is warranted to reduce the risk of recurrence.
Circumcision is widespread in East Africa.
Circumcision is, of course, a highly significant term.
Circumcision is, of course, nothing new.
Circumcision is, therefore, a religious act.
Circumcision makes it easy to keep the end of the penis clean.
Circumcision marks their ritual death as minors and their rebirth as responsible adults.
Circumcision means cutting off the foreskin or ring of tissue that covers the head of the penis.
Circumcision means removal of the foreskin of the penis.
Circumcision meets the legal definition of sexual assault and child abuse.
Circumcision occasionally is a medical necessity and is so recognized worldwide.
Circumcision otherwise is uncommon in Europe and Scandinavia.
Circumcision permanently bares the glans allowing full stimulation during sex.
Circumcision persists despite doctors' disapproval.
Circumcision protects a future wife from cervical cancer.
Circumcision raises difficult questions about the rights and freedoms of individuals.
Circumcision reduces man's instinctual drive.
Circumcision refers to the surgical removal of the foreskin of the penis.
Circumcision removes a fold of loose skin that covers the glans.
Circumcision removes a portion of the skin at the terminus of the penis surrounding the glans.
Circumcision removes hundreds of miles of blood vessels.
Circumcision removes sexually functioning tissue and causes substantial pain.
Circumcision removes the foreskin from the penis.
Circumcision removes the foreskin over the glans.
Circumcision renders a penis's appearance rather ugly and sickly.
Circumcision severely damages that design, and irrevocably destroys that functionality.
Circumcision still happens to over half the male babies born in the United States.
Circumcision supercedes leprosy.
Circumcision surgically removes the foreskin, exposing the tip of the penis.
Circumcision takes place shortly before sunrise.
Circumcision totally defeats the purpose of penile sensitivity, and the glans develops calluses.
Circumcision violates many international human rights treaties.
Circumcisions usually heal within one to two weeks.
Many circumcisions result in too much skin having been removed.
A circumference is size
Circumference counts one point for each inch.
Circumference is a closed measurement that follows a body contour.
Circumference is equal to pi time diameter.
Circumference is in proportion to vaginal length but can be stretched to a longer size.
Circumference is measured in inches.
Circumference is only one aspect of scoring a potential national champion.
Circumference isa size.
Circumferences are boundary lines.
Circumferences are length.
Circumferences are size.
Circumferences are the smallest measurement at each location.
Circumferential beading surrounds the entire design.
Circumferential defects are the ones that involve more than one surface of a tooth.
Circumferential grooves resist hydroplaning, reduce noise.
Circumferential highways are the preferred system.
Circumferential lines take the system out much faster.
Circumferential prep allows patient to be rotated during procedure.
Circumferential ulceration occurs all the way around the inside of the esophagus.
Circumlocution is equivocation
Circumlocutions are the fig-leaves under which the parts of the body politic are decently concealed.
Circumpolar constellations are constellations that rise in the east an set in the west daily.
Circumpolar constellations take a little more thought.
Circumpolar stars appear to circle around a point called north celestial pole.
Circumpolar stars cross the meridian twice each day without setting below the horizon.
All circumpolar stars are within the circumpolar circle.
Circumscribed commitment occurs when drivers try to satisfy their own desires by controlling others.
Circumscript type means localized patch of hair loss.
Circumscription formalizes several processes of human informal reasoning.
Circumscription formalizes such conjectural reasoning.
Circumscription is a common methodology for capturing non-monotonic inferences.
Circumscription is a confinement
Circumscription is a form of non-monotonic reasoning based on minimizing predicates and formulas.
Circumscription is a tool to jump to certain conclusions.
Circumscription is also collapsible when the predicates are all monadic and there are no functions.
Circumscription is restrictions.
Circumspect lamps click, light the street leading nowhere.
Circumsporozoite protein is required for development of malaria sporozoites in mosquitoes.
A circumstance is a condition
Circumstance also plays a part here.
Circumstance appear for some bush how delay New england patriots jerseys.
Circumstance arises through activity and demands response within it.
Circumstance cover down a brosseau cologne.
Circumstance has a lot to do with their recovery in the long run.
Circumstance has String off tray for a australian football cards auction since awoke via any hook.
Circumstance imagine Dust beneath a stamp across little bird.
Circumstance is a poor master.
Circumstance Is but the toy of genius.
Circumstance is critical, if unpredictable.
Circumstance isa condition.
Circumstance sets the playing field for all business plans.
Circumstance writes open invitations.
Circumstances affect health.
Circumstances also affect how well one can hear.
Circumstances also exist where lasers offer the only option for treatment.
Circumstances also improve as the market matures.
Circumstances alter cases.
Circumstances alter conditions.
Circumstances are a bitch sometimes.
Circumstances are about to force the issue.
Circumstances are always somewhat different, leading to somewhat different outcomes.
Circumstances are another.
Circumstances are beyond our control.
Circumstances are ceremony.
Circumstances are conditions.
Circumstances are different now than back then.
Circumstances are different.
Circumstances are everything.
Circumstances are extremely grave.
Circumstances are extremely propitious.
Circumstances are fickle.
Circumstances are information.
Circumstances are just neutral events.
Circumstances are just stepping stones, that if stepped into with praise, becomes less overbearing.
Circumstances are less happy.
Circumstances are more powerful than people.
Circumstances are never perfect.
Circumstances are no better for farmers.
Circumstances are often the source of our discouragement.
Circumstances are often uncontrollable from our viewpoint.
Circumstances are possessions.
Circumstances are sometimes bad.
Circumstances are somewhat different in the natural gas industry.
Circumstances are such that a variety of intellectual property ownership arrangements are possible.
Circumstances are such that a variety of intellectual property ownership arrangements is possible.
Circumstances are such that administration feels it is reasonable and appropriate.
Circumstances are such that it seems easier to surrender to the mess than to resist it.
Circumstances are the creatures of men.
Circumstances are true test of our faith and character.
Circumstances are vastly different to the last tour of India three years ago.
Circumstances are vastly different.
Circumstances become clearer when eternity is our standard.
Circumstances bring the two together, and they are instantly smitten with each other.
Circumstances can and do change unexpectedly and sometimes dramatically.
Circumstances can be very important.
Circumstances can cause a gene to switch on.
Circumstances can change everything.
Circumstances can change for a number of reasons.
Circumstances can change quickly.
Circumstances can change to such an extent that the program is no longer needed.
Circumstances can change very rapidly.
Circumstances can change, literally over night.
Circumstances can change.
Circumstances can conspire to thwart the safety efforts of even the most conscientious employer.
Circumstances can intervene to hasten a trial.
Circumstances can justify a shorter period.
Circumstances can often be frustrating and stressful.
Circumstances can often be the precipitating factor in suicide.
Circumstances can prove so overwhelmingly bad that all hope disintegrates.
Circumstances can rip, tear, stomp on, blast, and devastate, and change our lives forever.
Circumstances can say what they like.
Circumstances can seem to conspire to cause misfortune and adversity.
Circumstances can vary considerably.
Circumstances change a bit when dogs begin to establish a fixed home base with cooperative hunting.
Circumstances change and there are always changes in the tax laws.
Circumstances change duties.
Circumstances change emotional ones as well as financial ones.
Circumstances change from day tot day.
Circumstances change hour by hour, day by day, and year by year.
Circumstances change minds and rapports to produce a happy ending.
Circumstances change perspective.
Circumstances change, and authoizations are sometimes withdrawn.
Circumstances change, companies merge, close and redefine themselves.
Circumstances change, however.
Circumstances change, needs change and resources constantly change.
Circumstances change, new space sometimes opens up.
Circumstances change, opinions alter.
Circumstances change, politics is full of surprises, history is unpredictable.
Circumstances conspire and a fierce cyclone unites the families.
Circumstances contribute to survival.
Circumstances degenerate as the workforce becomes more black and brown.
Circumstances delay a truly faithful family and they are crowded from the church.
Circumstances develop on certain occasions that require a value to be placed on the corn silage.
Circumstances dictate everything.
Circumstances dictate lots of short trips for one reason or another.
Circumstances dictate points of view.
Circumstances dictate shelter locations and availability.
Circumstances do make a difference.
Circumstances do occur that are beyond our control.
Circumstances do play a role, so also unforeseen factors which are beyond ones control.
Circumstances do that.
Circumstances do vary from time to time.
Circumstances draw together in unusual ways that add up to more than just coincidence.
Circumstances favor entrepreneurial ventures.
Circumstances find most moving to cities that offer higher visibility and more exposure.
Circumstances force many to unavoidably inhale the smoke from other people's cigarettes.
Circumstances force others to communicate by phone, letter or the Internet.
Circumstances force some employers to rely on school contacts.
Circumstances generally dictate the best arrangements.
Circumstances govern the choice among the various inductances.
Circumstances have a way of correcting themselves.
Circumstances have to be highly specific.
Circumstances have to be manipulated to get people together more quickly.
Circumstances here prevent any prolonged absence of more than a day or two.
Circumstances indicate that the debt is uncollectible.
Circumstances keep changing.
Circumstances lead to convergent evolution.
Circumstances lead to evolution.
Circumstances lead to improvement.
Circumstances lead to the discovery that the baby was won in a card bet.
Circumstances lead to the three being merged.
Circumstances make most criminals.
Circumstances militate against such an interpretation.
Circumstances modify the relative intensity of good and of evil.
Circumstances now call for a different sort of appreciation.
Circumstances occasionally force changes in dates of events.
Circumstances occasionally force changes in the dates of events.
Circumstances occur that require changes to be made to the document.
Circumstances periodically require changes to the schedule.
Circumstances permitting, the course ends with practice teaching at an elementary school.
Circumstances play a part.
Circumstances provide the moral clothing of human activities.
Circumstances put here there.
Circumstances remain uncertain.
Circumstances require a future website or a book.
Circumstances require an employee to establish a temporary residence.
Circumstances require data to be gathered and preserved for use again and again.
Circumstances require purposes.
Circumstances result in inadequate achievement.
Circumstances resulting in despair, and yet many can be courageous despite unbelievable hardships.
Circumstances seem to indicate that they are the worst of times.
Circumstances stand in the way for many.
Circumstances surround accidents.
Circumstances surrounding the multiple stabbing remain murky.
Circumstances surrounding the murders are similar.
Circumstances surrounding the recovery of the remains are unknown.
Circumstances surrounding the rest are unknown.
Circumstances thus show the likelihood of a revelation.
Circumstances triggering denials are arbitrary and random.
Circumstances vary dramatically between areas and schools.
Circumstances vary dramatically from state to state.
Circumstances vary for each study, but generally there is one room occupied per vehicle.
Circumstances vary from country to country, from embassy to embassy, and from student to student.
Circumstances vary from one airport to another.
Circumstances vary from one country to another.
Circumstances vary from town to town.
Circumstances vary so much from person to person.
Circumstances vary too widely.
Circumstances vary widely.
Circumstances vary with location.
Circumstances vary, but it is possible to live artfully.
Circumstances vary, but taking each step slowly, with awareness, and one at a time can help.
Circumstance always looks better in the morning.
Circumstances always arise which cause some people to legitimately miss a deadline or a test.
Circumstances often arise, especially in an unsettled country, when a government has to give orders.
Circumstances often conspire to make it impossible to turn in a paper on the required date.
Circumstances often dictate a number of other requirements.
Circumstances often dictate actions in politics.
Circumstances often do more to reveal our character than to shape it.
Circumstances sometimes dictate that.
Circumstances sometimes require changes to the agenda prior to the meeting.
Circumstances sometimes require that the daily update occur slightly later in the day.
Circumstances sometimes take ahold.
Circumstances usually prevent one workout per week.
All circumstances require immediate decision.
Every circumstance becomes an opportunity.
Every circumstance contains a possible opportunity.
Every circumstance is different.
Every circumstance is unique.
Many circumstances are beyond explanation.
Many circumstances are the same after obeying the gospel.
Many circumstances can affect a student's achievement in college.
Many circumstances can effect ones ability to give full and informed consent.
Many circumstances can interrupt water service.
Many circumstances determine what needs to be done by the funeral home.
Many circumstances require an accurate determination of value.
Many circumstances seem to confirm the probability of the tradition.
Most circumstances affect health.
Most circumstances are inherently neither good nor bad.
Most circumstances are more complex.
Most circumstances change perspective.
Most circumstances contribute to survival.
Most circumstances demand firepower, but sometimes stealth and silence are a little more vital.
Most circumstances don t require all possible devices to be controlled.
Most circumstances lead to convergent evolution.
Most circumstances lead to evolution.
Most circumstances lead to improvement.
Most circumstances require purposes.
Most circumstances surround accidents.
Some circumstances are caused by illumination.
Some circumstances are faced by cheetahs.
Some circumstances contribute to high tide.
Some circumstances contribute to red tide.
Some circumstances contribute to tide.
Some circumstances create perfect storms.
Some circumstances create storms.
Some circumstances have to be accepted, while others CAN be changed and improved upon.
Some circumstances lead to death.
Some circumstances lead to disappoint results.
Some circumstances lead to results.
Some circumstances lead to unfortunate death.
Some circumstances lend themselves to mediation.
Some circumstances make a complete node dissection necessary.
Some circumstances make it necessary for grandparents to seek legal help.
Some circumstances merit the homebuyer taking an additional step toward loan approval.
Some circumstances necessitate additional clients, such as family outings and van tours.
Some circumstances relate to death.
Some circumstances require another type of mark-up file.
Some circumstances require another type of markup file.
Some circumstances require different methods.
Some circumstances require methods.
Some circumstances require notification on shorter notice.
Some circumstances require putting things off to the last minute .
Some circumstances result in fire.
Some circumstances seem to allow for timing of birth.
Some circumstances seem to justify a search for an early death.
Some circumstances surround death.
Some circumstances surround incidents.
Some circumstances surround seizures.
Some circumstances surround suspicious death.
Some circumstances tend to necessitate acts which are unpopular with the people.
Some circumstances threaten survival.
Some circumstances warrant the use of antivirals to prevent influenza.
Circumstantial evidence can be as good as direct evidence.
Circumstantial evidence can be powerful, and direct evidence limp, and vice versa.
Circumstantial evidence can be, and often is much more powerful than direct evidence.
Circumstantial evidence can include a suspicious sequence of events.
Circumstantial evidence can ruin a selected victim.
Circumstantial evidence deserves only lighter punishments.
Circumstantial evidence favors merging, but deep space is a gas-clouded kind of place.
Circumstantial evidence indicates that the breed descends from the bovines of central Asia.
Circumstantial evidence is a fact that can be used to infer another fact.
Circumstantial evidence is a very tricky thing.
Circumstantial evidence is an invention.
Circumstantial evidence is as probative and reliable as direct evidence.
Circumstantial evidence is considered as reliable as direct evidence.
Circumstantial evidence is enough to convict someone of a crime.
Circumstantial evidence is entitled to as much weight as any other kind of evidence.
Circumstantial evidence is entitled to as much weight as other evidence.
Circumstantial evidence is entitled to the same weight as other kinds of evidence.
Circumstantial evidence is evidence
Circumstantial evidence is evidence.
Circumstantial evidence is fairly damaging.
Circumstantial evidence is important, but it can be misleading.
Circumstantial evidence is indirect evidence.
Circumstantial evidence is just that.
Circumstantial evidence is reliable and is used to prosecute criminals every day in America.
Circumstantial evidence is sufficient to show corroboration.
Circumstantial evidence is sufficient to show such corroboration.
Circumstantial evidence is sufficient.
Circumstantial evidence is, however, entitled to the same weight as other kinds of evidence.
Circumstantial evidence linking the fires to plantation companies is strong.
Circumstantial evidence links the suspect to the murder.
Circumstantial evidence places the fissile material as Russian in origin.
Circumstantial evidence points to an inadequate food supply as the cause of poor productivity.
Circumstantial evidence suggests maybe so.
Circumstantial evidence suggests that one species is capable of inducing contact dermatitis.
Circumstantial evidence suggests that some multidrug resistance is related to other proteins.
Circumstantial evidence suggests that the lesions occur late in the administration period.
Circumstantial evidence suggests the involvement of insiders in the grotesque killings.
Some circumstantial evidence suggests extinction.
Some circumstantial evidence suggests movement.
Some circumstantial evidence supports assumptions.
Circumvention attempts still of concern.
Circumvention is a dodging
Circumvention is bad, they say.
Circumvention is evasions.
Circumvention is simple.
Circumvention is wrong and poses an ever-increasing threat of catastrophic oil spills.
Circus animals spend much of their lives in small, often dirty cages, barely able to turn around.
Many circus animals are on the list of endangered species.
Circus clowns wear colorful costumes and makeup and do funny things to make people laugh.
Most circus elephants are Indian elephants.
Circus folk take an incredibly long time to think up simple plans.
Circus people are very, very difficult to break the ice with.
Circus people know what kind of miracles can be achieved by barbaric training.
Circus people live in groups like big families.
Circus performers are nomads, essentially.
Circus performers are performers for life.
Circus performers are workers.
Circus performers drool and sneer devilishly.
Circus performers rehearse assiduously.
All circus performers practice.
Some circus performers fall to death.
Circus skills encourage concentration, agility, and self-discipline.
CiRCuS is a periodical covering poetry, prose and commentary.
Circus is a show
Circus is arenas.
Circus is companies.
Circus is disturbances.
Circus is magazines.
Circus is plazas.
Circus is shows.
Circus is stadiums.
Circus is video games.
Circus isa organization.
Circus owns buckets.
Circus sets conditions.
Circuses are like large families.
Circuses come with standard games, animals freak shows, and strip clubs.
Circuses maintain a market for exotic animals and allow their movement between countries.
Circuses play no role in conservation.
Circuses portray a distorted view of wildlife.
Circuses then present a unique threat to the continuation of the species.
Circuses often use electric prods and smaller hand-held shocking devices that are easily concealed.
Circuses usually travel about to different parts of the country or to different countries .
Circuses usually travel about to different parts of the country or to different countries.
Any circus has hard times.
Every circus needs a band.
Every circus needs a ringmaster and a few clowns.
Every circus needs a ringmaster.
Every circus needs a sideshow.
Most circus owns buckets.
Most circuses are arenas for the mistreatment of animals.
Some circus comes to parks.
Some circus introduces elephants.
Some circus possesses elephants.
Some circus possesses monkeys.
A cirio is a candlewood
Cirios are unusual plants that look like large, upside-down carrots.
Cirque Lake is surrounded by an amphitheater of impressive mountains.
Cirque lakes are the start for many rivers and creeks.
Cirque land consists of areas of rock and rubble in characteristically cirque shape.
A cirque is a basin
Cirques are amphitheater-like basins carved by cirque glaciers.
Cirques are basins.
Cirques are bowl-shaped heads of glacially eroded valleys.
Cirques are bowl-shaped hollows near the peak of a mountain.
Cirques are concave, circular basins carved by the base of a glacier as it erodes the landscape.
Cirques are the bowl shaped depressions found at the head of glacial valleys.
Cirques are where ice begins to accumulate in a glacier.
Cirques tend to form at the level of the regional snowline, or the lower limit of perennial snow.
Some cirques have floor called tarns.
Cirral files spiral obliquely around body.
Cirrhosis affects blood flow within the liver as well as liver function.
Cirrhosis can be life-threatening.
Cirrhosis causes many changes in the body, all due to the damage to the liver.
Cirrhosis interferes with normal liver function, and many times, the patient is symptomatic.
Cirrhosis is a liver disease
Cirrhosis is diseases.
Cirrhosis is liver diseases.
Cirrhosis isa disease.
Cirrhosis slows the flow of blood through the liver.
Cirrhosis slows the liver's ability to filter medications from the blood.
Cirrhosis takes years to develop.
Some cirrhosis has many other possible causes.
Some cirrhosis has possible causes.
Some cirrhosis leads to problems.
Cirrhotic livers result from scar tissue formation after liver cell death.
Cirrhotic patients tend to be older than non-cirrhotic patients.
Cirri movements vary with environmental changes.
A cirrocumulus cloud is a cloud
Cirrocumulus clouds appear as small, rounded white puffs that appear in long rows.
Cirrocumulus clouds are found in the same high levels as cirrus.
Cirrocumulus clouds indicate good weather.
Cirrocumulus clouds look like many small tufts of cotton hanging high in the sky.
Cirrocumulus clouds look like very small round balls or flakes.
Cirrocumulus clouds produce light precipitation.
Cirrocumulus clouds produce precipitation.
Most cirrocumulus clouds produce light precipitation.
Most cirrocumulus clouds produce precipitation.
Cirrocumulus form either a cirruslike layer or patches.
Cirrocumulus isa phenomenon.
Cirrostratus isa phenomenon.
Cirrus clouds affect climates.
Cirrus clouds bring nice weather.
Cirrus clouds bring weather.
Cirrus clouds consist of ice particles.
Cirrus clouds consist of particles.
Cirrus clouds produce precipitation.
Most cirrus clouds affect climates.
Most cirrus clouds bring nice weather.
Most cirrus clouds bring weather.
Most cirrus clouds consist of ice particles.
Most cirrus clouds consist of particles.
Most cirrus clouds produce precipitation.
Some cirrus clouds compose of crystal.
Some cirrus clouds compose of ice crystal.
Some cirrus clouds have crystal.
Some cirrus clouds have ice crystal.
Cirrus isa phenomenon.
Some cirrus occurs in patches.
Some cirrus occurs in small patches.
CIS countries are important suppliers of raw materials.
CIS countries are major suppliers of minerals, chemicals and metallurgic products.
CIS countries see many advantages in one or another aspect of the Eurasian energy corridor.
CIS forms are available from child care facilities, schools and health departments.
Cisco certification ensures high standards of technical expertise with the Cisco products.
Cisco certification ensures high standards of technical expertise.
Cisco certification is a highly profitable market.
Cisco certification is a plus.
Cisco certification is an option.
Cisco certifications offer tremendous opportunities in our country.
Cisco routers act as the fist level of network defense.
Cisco routers are by far the most widely used routers on the internet.
Cisco routers are by far the most widely used routers on the Internet.
Cisco routers are the backbone of the Internet.
Cisco routers are the backbone to the internet.
Cisco routers offer diagnostic tools to assist in troubleshooting network problems.
Cisco routers offer extensive diagnostic tools to assist in the below tasks.
Cisco routers provide easy information access for other Naval shipyards around the United States.
Cisco routers provide that kind of reliability.
Cisco routers support transparent proxying.
Cisco routers tie the company's internetwork together around the world.
Cisco routers use two primary methods for determining what interface to send a packet.
Cisco systems is one company that practices what it preaches.
Cisco systems is the manufacturer of the equipment.
Cisco Systems Try our service, risk-free.
A cisco is a whitefish
Cisco acknowledges that packet telephony is still an immature technology.
Cisco acknowledges the desires of third parties to show affiliation to Cisco.
Cisco acknowledges the pause but cautions against making too much of it.
Cisco agrees that ease of management is an important aspect of access internetworking.
Cisco aims to change that.
Cisco alleviates concerns of delivering high-quality video through mission critical networks.
Cisco allows passive job seekers to simply fill out an abbreviated profile questionnaire on-line.
Cisco already has a strong position in some parts of the security market.
Cisco already is.
Cisco also faces the Nortel obstacle in wireless.
Cisco also has a broad product line.
Cisco also has a satellite office in Dhahran with plans to open an office in Jeddah by next summer.
Cisco also has content routers, engines and switches.
Cisco also offers a product called EasyACS control server software for dial-access servers.
Cisco also offers products designed to meet various firewall requirements within a network.
Cisco also offers proven recipes for scalable, secure, intelligent POP frameworks.
Cisco also offers superior voice quality and is a leading-edge technology innovator.
Cisco also provides advice in network design and the use of the design.
Cisco are a schooling fish, usually frequenting deep water.
Cisco are an important food for large game fish.
Cisco are coldwater fish having dark blue to pale olive backs and silvery sides.
Cisco are the world leaders in Internet routers and their reliability is unsurpassed.
Cisco are widely distributed in lakes cross New York.
Cisco attends education tradeshows, conferences, and other events throughout the year.
Cisco attributes much of the United States' change in corporate leadership to pooling of interests.
Cisco beats to the rhythm of weekly sales goals.
Cisco begin to school up near shore and in the bays.
Cisco believes in and supports intrusion detection standardization.
Cisco believes strongly in an open market based on open standards.
Cisco calls PNNI the most complex and ambitious routing protocol ever devised.
Cisco can do no wrong in their eyes.
Cisco can help.
Cisco can now provide faster services and spare parts availability, located in-country.
Cisco can provide a delivery date within one hour of the submittal.
Cisco can provide the necessary data for virtually any interconnect situation.
Cisco can still call the shots.
Cisco connects people with out worrying about time, place or computer type.
Cisco contends it is the only provider that integrates all five technologies.
Cisco continues to enhance products and deliver solutions built to open standards.
Cisco continues to gain share in the growing small to medium-sized business space.
Cisco continues to grow by leaps and bounds.
Cisco continues to obtain approval in countries throughout the world for off-premise connectivity.
Cisco continues to provide leading-edge technology and services in the Networking industry.
Cisco continues to stumble in the high-end networking market.
Cisco creates hardware and software systems that link computer networks.
Cisco creates the infrastructure for the Internet.
Cisco denies the allegations.
Cisco describes well-defined learning paths for each certification.
Cisco develops products and solutions that are in keeping with industry standards.
Cisco disputes the report, however.
Cisco does best with a routine lifestyle.
Cisco dominates the router business, but that business is changing.
Cisco encourages all eligible voters to register to vote so that their preferences can be heard.
Cisco encourages and facilitates online purchasing, but offers alternate purchasing methods.
Cisco endorses the concept of a simple majority for local school bonds.
Cisco exhibits a high level of empathy with the consumer.
Cisco experience a plus.
Cisco fails here.
Cisco gets it when it comes to working with the disabled.
Cisco grabs first place in our annual reader poll of most powerful network companies.
Cisco grows in large part through acquisitions.
Cisco hands out cappuccinos and rubber superballs that light up when bounced.
Cisco has a collection of overview treatments of various network topics, with examples and pictures.
Cisco has a dedicated UK tele marketing team that provides active reseller account management.
Cisco has a fantastic track record.
Cisco has a lease across the toll road that ends at the same time.
Cisco has a lot of influence.
Cisco has a lot of negativity built into the stock.
Cisco has a major role in all the telcom and connectivity solutions being produced today.
Cisco has a minority stake in the company.
Cisco has a number of programs specifically for resellers.
Cisco has a philanthropic presence worldwide to empower people to help themselves make the shift.
Cisco has a stake in the quality of the state's workforce.
Cisco has a unique approach to managing such resources.
Cisco has a wider variety of products.
Cisco has an implicit 'deny all' at the bottom of lists.
Cisco has certifications and compliance statements for many variants already prepared.
Cisco has demonstrable skills effectuating acquisitions.
Cisco has fine-tuned the process.
Cisco has innovative technologies in the video and data world.
Cisco has leading market share and close working relationships with customers all over the world.
Cisco has limited wiggle room.
Cisco has no brand name recognition and no distribution in the consumer space.
Cisco has no strength there and needs some.
Cisco has no strength there, either.
Cisco has plenty to feel smug about.
Cisco has the documents online.
Cisco has the most humble of beginnings.
Cisco has the solution.
Cisco has their own software infrastructure.
Cisco has too much to lose.
Cisco helps companies become more agile , turning change into a competitive advantage.
Cisco holds no monopoly on network design ideas.
Cisco intends to put a new corporate campus there.
Cisco intends to sell it to service providers, such as phone and cable companies.
Cisco internetworking teaches students to design, build, and maintain computer networks.
Cisco is a big maker of the hardware that makes the Internet work.
Cisco is a case in point.
Cisco is a different story.
Cisco is a genuine success story.
Cisco is a global leader in the networking equipment market.
Cisco is a good example of such a company.
Cisco is a good example.
Cisco is a gorilla in enterprise routing, and it became a king in enterprise switching.
Cisco is a great example.
Cisco is a great place to work.
Cisco is a known quantity with an established sales channel and support network.
Cisco is a large manufacturer of routers, switches and other internetworking products.
Cisco is a leader in networking for the Internet.
Cisco is a major producer of the hardware, software, and technology used in LANs.
Cisco is a major user of pooling, and is actively resisting moves to ban it.
Cisco is a neat story.
Cisco is a powerhouse in networking.
Cisco is a prime example of corporate America today.
Cisco is a safe bet.
Cisco is a top-maker of equipment for creating and accessing information networks.
Cisco is a tremendous firm to partner with.
Cisco is a very good buy and promises attractive growth prospects.
Cisco is a worldwide leader in networking for the Internet.
Cisco is a worldwide leader in networking products for information networking and the Internet.
Cisco is able to cover all levels.
Cisco is also a high achiever off the track, too.
Cisco is also a major supplier of wireless equipment.
Cisco is also a vertically integrated company due to the nature of their business.
Cisco is also again encouraging network operators to consider the all-Cisco solution.
Cisco is also an innovator in a number of areas related to electronic business.
Cisco is also at risk of a telecom spending slowdown.
Cisco is also busy porting other software products to the direc tory.
Cisco is also in the legal news due to a former executive charged with fraud.
Cisco is also pleased to announce an aggressive trade-up program.
Cisco is among the largest in the world.
Cisco is among the top companies in the world as measured by market capitalization.
Cisco is amont the most valuable companies in the world.
Cisco is an example of what has happened.
Cisco is an oldster in technology lineage.
Cisco is an outlaw.
Cisco is an outstanding community partner.
Cisco is by no means exceptional.
Cisco is certainly no stranger to high-caliber competition.
Cisco is Cisco.
Cisco is committed to bring the broadest possible communications capabilities to business users.
Cisco is committed to helping companies succeed in the Internet economy.
Cisco is committed to helping maintain and extend Canada's lead.
Cisco is cool.
Cisco is currently the leader in the routing equipment industry.
Cisco is equally as guilty.
Cisco is fanatical about customers.
Cisco is fastest growing company in the history of the computer industry.
Cisco is focused on investing in certain technologies and markets.
Cisco is good at software development and responding to changes.
Cisco is helpful.
Cisco is in a sticky position.
Cisco is in the cross hairs again.
Cisco is increasingly in the wrong business.
Cisco is incredibly focused on customer service and results oriented - and it's a fun place to be.
Cisco is interested in applications like that.
Cisco is interested in talking with ECU about the wireless initiative.
Cisco is just one of several companies supporting multiple directories.
Cisco is major shareholder.
Cisco is no stranger to the two companies.
Cisco is now so prevalent in the marketplace that our value proposition keeps getting stronger.
Cisco is now the top maker of equipment that handles connections from cable modems.
Cisco is of course, putting the big focus on using the Internet as a new learning platform.
Cisco is on the porch at the time, playing with the dog.
Cisco is one of America's greatest corporate success stories.
Cisco is one of our toughest customers because their expectations are so high.
Cisco is one of technology's greatest corporate success stories.
Cisco is one of the fastest growing companies in the history of the computer industry.
Cisco is one of the largest and most successful businesses in the world.
Cisco is one of the largest users of electronic commerce.
Cisco is one of the largest, wealthiest, and most successful businesses in the world.
Cisco is one of the so-called four horsemen of the Internet.
Cisco is one of the world's largest computer network providers.
Cisco is preferred.
Cisco is presented as having no loose ends or nagging difficulties.
Cisco is proud to highlight the following optical technologies, customers, and innovators.
Cisco is proud to highlight the following voice technologies, innovators, and customers in action.
Cisco is quite attractive at current prices and offers better stability than other tech companies.
Cisco is scared white about Juniper s penetration in the high-end router market.
Cisco is sort of missing from the wireless arena.
Cisco is still wildly profitable.
Cisco is that partner.
Cisco is the clear market leader for internetworking products.
Cisco is the dominant maker of the equipment that routes computer traffic over electronic networks.
Cisco is the dominant player in making the tools to build networks.
Cisco is the fabric of the Internet.
Cisco is the global leader of networking for the Internet.
Cisco is the highest paying, highest demanding segment of the IT industry.
Cisco is the industry leader in both the network's hardware and software.
Cisco is the largest maker of computer-networking products in the world.
Cisco is the largest maker of routers and servers for the Internet.
Cisco is the largest producer of routers and switches in the world.
Cisco is the leader in routers and wide area connectivity.
Cisco is the leading architect of the Internet.
Cisco is the leading choice of most enterprises.
Cisco is the leading supplier of networking equipment and network management for the Internet.
Cisco is the market leader for good reason.
Cisco is the most valuable company in the world.
Cisco is the most valuable manufacturing company in the world, and it doesn t have any factories.
Cisco is the most well known manufacturer of internetworking devices.
Cisco is the networking company.
Cisco is the nonpareil of networking franchises.
Cisco is the one who set that expectation.
Cisco is the only tech company in Silicon Valley publicly opposed to the power plant.
Cisco is the only vendor here that provides color-coded ports and cables to eliminate mistakes.
Cisco is the premier networking solutions provider in the industry today.
Cisco is the premier provider of routing solutions.
Cisco is the recognized leader in networking technologies.
Cisco is the top maker of gear that helps power the Internet.
Cisco is the top router of choice.
Cisco is the undeniable leader in routers today.
Cisco is the undisputed leader in the computer networking equipment business.
Cisco is the way to go now a days.
Cisco is the world's biggest maker of networking equipment.
Cisco is the world's largest supplier of routers and related technologies.
Cisco is the world's leader in providing equipment to the data communications marketplace.
Cisco is the world's leading provider of connectivity solutions to the enterprise.
Cisco is the world's leading supplier of the equipment that makes the Internet work.
Cisco is the worlds most valuable company.
Cisco is the world's top maker of data networking equipment for the Internet.
Cisco is the worldwide leader in networking for the Internet.
Cisco is the worldwide leader in networking solutions for the Internet.
Cisco is utterly dependent on continuing an ever-increasing string of successful acquisitions.
Cisco is well-known for moving quickly to seize opportunities, particularly in acquisitions.
Cisco is, of course, the premiere name in internetworking products.
Cisco knows how to make money from Internet growth.
Cisco launches new routers and an optical networking control box.
Cisco learning partners are the only official source of certified Cisco learning.
Cisco loves to ride in the car, regularly going on short trips to town.
Cisco maintains a culture based on customer success and employee empowerment.
Cisco maintains an online curriculum, helps train teachers, and sets standards for graduation.
Cisco makes bullet-proof software for telling packets where to go and how to get there.
Cisco makes equipment that lets cable providers offer digital-TV services.
Cisco misses earnings forecast Cisco has finally slipped.
Cisco needs to gain in telecom to keep growing.
Cisco needs to tread carefully, though.
Cisco now has a connection here.
Cisco now has one of the world's largest electronic commerce sites.
Cisco now provides three levels of certification for the IT professional.
Cisco obviously disagrees.
Cisco occupies picturesque lake front property.
Cisco offers a complete and comprehensive teacher training program.
Cisco offers a comprehensive array of market-leading, enterprise network security solutions.
Cisco offers a number of IP-gateways and trunk modules.
Cisco offers a range of VoIP gateways to meet individual business requirements.
Cisco offers a variety of forms of wireless services.
Cisco offers a wide range of integrated content networking solutions for enterprises.
Cisco offers reservation-service only.
Cisco offers several certification programs.
Cisco offers specialisation in many areas.
Cisco offers the unique ability to have both VCCs and VPCs traverse a single virtual path trunk.
Cisco offers the widest array of sensing platforms in the industry.
Cisco offers the widest range of security products available in the market today.
Cisco outsources customer training through a network of training partners.
Cisco plans to provide.
Cisco positions themselves by offering differentiated service and the ability to adapt to change.
Cisco produces servers and hardware that the internet and wireless internet run on.
Cisco produces the highest quality, most reliable networking solutions available today.
Cisco provides a complete management solution for all network elements covered by the program.
Cisco provides a Web-based curriculum and requires instructors to attend regional academies.
Cisco provides Enterprise infrastructure and routers.
Cisco provides mentoring and tested methodology in live customer situations.
Cisco provides online assessments for each chapter and an online final exam.
Cisco provides some configuration alternatives to the command line interface.
Cisco provides technologies for bringing new applications to internetworks.
Cisco provides that.
Cisco provides the curriculum and training.
Cisco provides the flexibility of allowing users to implement compression at the client end.
Cisco provides the networking solutions to master all three.
Cisco provides the stability and network expertise to make such integration a reality.
Cisco provides worldwide compatibility and unmatched flexibility.
Cisco realizes that products can become commodities.
Cisco recalls melting switches.
Cisco recognizes revenue over the term of the lease, which is typically two to three years.
Cisco recognizes that our customers provide the basis for our success.
Cisco recommends a minimum of two days for a couple of reasons.
Cisco recommends upgrading affected systems as soon as possible.
Cisco recommends using a coax seal for outdoor connections.
Cisco recommends using a separate server.
Cisco recommends using static settings for important devices.
Cisco recommends using the default value for the exponential weight factor.
Cisco recommends very careful planning for any upgrade between major releases.
Cisco regularly buys small companies that are developing innovative products.
Cisco relies on peer mentoring to deliver a significant percentage of their technical support.
Cisco remains a buy.
Cisco remains a pioneer in networking.
Cisco remains focused on the home networking market.
Cisco reports no workaround is available.
Cisco reports tomorrow.
Cisco rewards their customers with top quality and reliable products.
Cisco says that is a tenfold improvement.
Cisco seems to be buying a company a week at least.
Cisco seems to be gaining customers in optical networking, however.
Cisco sees India as a potential number one leader in software.
Cisco sees that as an opportunity.
Cisco sells networking equipment.
Cisco sets goals for and measures customer satisfaction each year.
Cisco shows one way.
Cisco specializes in network hardware.
Cisco stacks up with new products Aimed at small, remote offices.
Cisco stands like a shining star at the precipice of the Internet of tomorrow.
Cisco suffers along with everyone else when dealing with larger and larger applications.
Cisco supports every protocol.
Cisco supports networking efforts in many ways.
Cisco supports retention of pooling accounting for corporate mergers and acquisitions.
Cisco supports three packet voice technologies.
Cisco tests the file for completeness and accuracy.
Cisco thinks it has.
Cisco understands that a standard is only as good as the number of people who are using it.
Cisco understands very well the transitions that are taking place.
Cisco wants to avoid offering incomplete programs.
Cisco wants to own the telphone market.
Cisco wants to require as little as possible to allow incremental deployment.
Cisco watches ongoing stock slide with panic.
Cisco works closely with suppliers to be sure they are profitable.
Cisco works to restore the customer network to full operations as quickly as possible.
Cisco works with the customer to restore the network to full operations as quickly as possible.
Cisco works with the formal incident response community to distribute information.
Ciscos are whitefishs.
Ciscos live in deep water, often near the bottom- edge of the thermocline.
Ciscos live in deep water, often near the bottom edge of the thermocline.
Cisco's the way to surf .
Cisco always beats consensus per-share earnings estimates by one penny.
All Cisco routers.
Cislunar space is the area between the Earth and the moon.
Cistercian architecture has a powerful simplicity, often to the point of austerity.
Cistercian monks introduce extensive agricultural improvements in England.
Cistern capacity describes what to consider in deciding how large a cistern to build or purchase.
Cistern structure reviews the types of cisterns commonly used.
A cistern is a pool
A cistern is a reservoir
Cistern isa body part.
Cistern isa pool.
Cistern isa tank.
Cisterns allow water to stagnate.
Cisterns also provide some water.
Cisterns are empty.
Cisterns are pools.
Cisterns are reservoirs.
Cisterns are tanks.
Cisterns are the main water source.
Cisterns break and leak.
Cisterns can also collapse when equipment is driven over or someone walks across the top.
Cisterns collecting rain for drinking water are immediately suspect.
Cisterns contain rainwater.
Cisterns have (part) brims.
Cisterns have (part) corpi.
Cisterns have (part) sections.
Cisterns reduce runoff, but they have the added benefit of lowering household water consumption.
Cisterns often appear as a ring of concrete, tile, bricks, or rocks several feet in diameter.
Many cisterns are unused today because homesites are now served by other water supplies.
Most cisterns are below ground, but they can also be placed above ground.
Most cisterns contain rainwater.
Some cisterns contain mercury.
A cisterna is a sac
Cisternae are often tubular and branching.
A cistron is a sequence
Cistron is fast and reliable and free.
CITA researchers are also involved with the experiments themselves.
CITA staff invite comments and contributions to the guide.
CITA trainees have good employment prospects.
A citadel is defence
Citadels are the most powerful pieces in the game.
Every citadel has 'em.
Citation analysis helps digest the menu of current research.
Citation analysis is a messenger.
Citation analysis is a method of assessing the influence of published studies on the field.
Citation analysis uses citations in scholarly works to establish links.
Some citation analyses indicate factors.
Citation databases provide an enhanced type of searching capability.
Citation databases provide information that can be used to evaluate a person or a department.
Many citation databases are discipline specific.
Some citation databases are notorious for their abbreviated titles.
A citation form is a form
Citation forms are forms.
Citation forms are similar to publications.
Citation forms can be footnotes, endnotes, or in text.
Citation impact is but one of many criteria used to select journals.
Citation indexes allow a researcher to trace the impact of an article upon later publications.
Citation indexes are a powerful tool for literature search.
Citation indexes are a special case.
Citation indexes provide access to journal articles and other materials.
Citation indexing allows the user to find current articles citing a particular work.
Citation indexing is included.
Citation indexing is provided.
Citation manager can also email documents directly from the Ovid Server.
Citation searches are available.
Citation searches indicate recent patents citing older patents as prior art.
Citation style varies for older legislation which followed the English pattern of citation.
Citation styles depend on the type of original source.
Citation styles vary.
Any citation style is acceptable providing that it is consistently used throughout the document.
Any citation style is acceptable.
Some citation styles use that word, and others leave off the author altogether.
A citation is honor
Citation analyses in the sciences.
Citation can generate HTML links to HTML citations in documents prepared for publication on the Web.
Citation contains plain text and has common attributes.
Citation experience a plus.
Citation gives name of reviewer, journal, volume and page where review is located.
Citation goes here.
Citation is a currency that allows free, x-posted messages to keep a value and find readers.
Citation is a database of books, journals and notes.
Citation is a rhetorical act.
Citation is an essential function of the U.S. judicial process.
Citation is available in paper form.
Citation is encouraged.
Citation is justification for honor awards.
Citation is one of the most popular machines of all time.
Citation is proud to be an equal employment, affirmative action employer.
Citation is therefore at the discretion of the author, provided it is used in a consistent manner.
Citation is to the exact page of a published case.
Citation is to the first page of a published case.
Citation is unnecessary when ideas or information are considered common knowledge.
Citation is usually Set-off in parentheses before a mark of punctuation or as a part of a sentence.
Citation isa symbol.
Citation now includes a built-in speller as well.
Citation refers to an intention to highlight a phrase or word.
Citation searches possible.
Citation searching facility allows tracing of articles which cite a particular reference.
Citation searching is free but document delivery is fee based.
Citation searching offers an additional approach to author, title and subject searching.
Citation shows last name of author and page number.
Citation shows only page number because authorless book title appears in sentence.
Citation shows only page number because government author appears in sentence.
Citation shows only page number because name of author is in the sentence.
Citation shows only shortened version of title because no author or page is listed in Works Cited.
Citation suggests that the citer is in the same league as the person quoted.
Citations advise when a case has been modified and help the user locate the needed law.
Citations advise when a case has been modified and helps the reader locate particular laws.
Citations allow access to the complete critical work excerpted.
Citations allow any reader to find the source and read it.
Citations allow readers to repeat the author's research so that it can be checked.
Citations also cover socio-economic and legal aspects of the aquatic sciences.
Citations also offset the cost of equipment and maintenance.
Citations appear either at the beginning of the text or at the end of the discussion.
Citations appear in full in the bibliography, alphabetized by title .
Citations appear in full in the bibliography, alphabetized by title.
Citations appear in the database as soon as issues are published.
Citations appear within the text itself in parentheses.
Citations are a form of intellectual debt.
Citations are a major part of the introduction.
Citations are a shorthand way of describing where to find the case.
Citations are also available.
Citations are also part of the information on catalog cards and other library records.
Citations are appropriate to the content of the paper in breadth, depth, and currency.
Citations are as above and appear at the end of the quotation.
Citations are as accurate as possible based on the information available.
Citations are available from the author.
Citations are available sorted both by mineral name and by first authors of papers.
Citations are available upon request.
Citations are awards.
Citations are brief notes on sources.
Citations are by section and line of the inscription.
Citations are by title and section number.
Citations are by title number and part or section number.
Citations are by volume and page number.
Citations are by volume number, page number, and date.
Citations are citations only, abstracts, or full text.
Citations are cross-referenced, lightly annotated, and indexed by author.
Citations are emailable.
Citations are e-mailed to subscribers weekly.
Citations are formal and official proceedings.
Citations are free, full text by subscription.
Citations are free, full text is by subscription only.
Citations are free, however a credit card is needed to access the full article.
Citations are free.
Citations are from all dates and subjects within the geosciences.
Citations are from architectural and design periodicals and address planning and engineering issues.
Citations are from journal articles, books, newspaper articles and audiovisuals.
Citations are from journal articles, conference proceedings, bibliographies and biographical notes.
Citations are from several sources.
Citations are full text or abstracted, depending on the publication.
Citations are in correct format.
Citations are in English and contain bibliographic information and indexing terms.
Citations are in English and contain bibliographic information, indexing terms, and abstracts.
Citations are in English and German.
Citations are in English and other Western languages.
Citations are in English.
Citations are in German, with titles and some abstracts in English.
Citations are in original languages with English translations.
Citations are in the language of the article.
Citations are incomplete and formatting is inconsistent.
Citations are largely consistent and complete.
Citations are largely for materials in English or Spanish.
Citations are legal documents.
Citations are legal summonses issued to owners for control program.
Citations are more meaningful when hyperlinked to the cited source.
Citations are mostly American.
Citations are mostly to research literature.
Citations are notes.
Citations are part of patents.
Citations are part of the reward system of science.
Citations are permanent and unique, -as are the works they identify.
Citations are possible for animal control violations.
Citations are quite easy to form if the reference list has already been written.
Citations are speech acts.
Citations are the responsibility of the registered permit holder.
Citations are to a title of the code and then to a section with the year included in parentheses.
Citations are to articles, books, documents, and more.
Citations are to be inserted parenthetically,e.g.
Citations are to be keyed to a list at the end of the paper headed ' References '.
Citations are to be paid at the cashier s officer during business hours.
Citations are to criticism appearing in books and journals.
Citations are to English and foreign language publications.
Citations are to include page numbers wherever possible.
Citations are to printed pages in bound volumes.
Citations are to readily available items, and there are chapter-end references.
Citations are to sections in the draft guidance document.
Citations are to the section of the paper, then the page and column.
Citations are to volume and page numbers in the typed transcripts.
Citations are traditional and folk uses, except when modern research has been noted.
Citations are very important.
Citations can also appear as part of the paper's narrative.
Citations can assist a user in locating further information.
Citations can be full-text, abstract, references, or table of contents.
Citations can result in fines and court appearances.
Citations come from holdings of major libraries in Europe and America.
Citations come in many formats.
Citations come in several classes depending on their severity.
Citations come in several forms.
Citations contain an abbreviation for the source and page numbers.
Citations contain bibliographic and indexing information and abstracts.
Citations contain bibliographic data, in-depth indexing, and an abstract.
Citations contain bibliographic information and are thoroughly annotated.
Citations contain few errors.
Citations cover all religions and all theological points of view.
Citations decreasing But problems remain.
Citations describe and document their major contributions and contain some biographical information.
Citations direct the reader to the sources of the information used.
Citations discuss agents sampling, monitoring, and assessment.
Citations enable others to locate the sources used by an author.
Citations follow standardized rules for arranging the citation elements.
Citations follow the data they have provided.
Citations following index entries provide links to the text where the information is located.
Citations generally follow reads, but there are some differences.
Citations given are generally for the earliest documentation for that substrate.
Citations given in the index are to a sequence number used in the bibliographic volume.
Citations have full patent family and abstract information.
Citations here cover astronomy and space sciences.
Citations identify the actual articles .
Citations includes abstracts of the articles.
Citations indicate month, day, year, and page number.
Citations indicate when a portrait is included in the biography.
Citations indicate whether articles are illustrated.
Citations lead the reader to related journal articles, monographs, and patents.
Citations lend respectability and even power to an author's work.
Citations listed here cover technological developments in the workplace affecting women.
Citations match in the body and in the reference section.
Citations occasionally occur within the narrative, but more as teasers than as information.
Citations offer headline, date, newspaper, and codes for type of article, graphics and bylines.
Citations only add to the misconception that sobriquet and nickname are identical.
Citations provide bibliographic data and abstracts, mostly in English.
Citations range from simple identifications to discursive explanations.
Citations Read about some real heroes.
Citations refer to a passage, but quotes include the text of a passage in the document.
Citations refer to books, journals, films, and videos.
Citations refer to decisions in the United States Reports.
Citations refer to references listed in the sycamore publication list.
Citations refer to the Federal Election Campaign Act and Federal Election Commission regulations.
Citations retrieved by a search are in standard USGS bibliographic format.
Citations retrieved by a search are in USGS bibliographic format.
Citations reveal the variety of meanings and usages for most words.
Citations serve many purposes in a scientific paper.
Citations shown in parenthesis are the parallel citations.
Citations take note of portraits or illustrations whenever they appeared.
Citations use author last names, the year of publication, and the pages if necessary.
Citations Use parenthetical citation for references.
Citations vary depending on the format the jurisdiction uses.
Citations vary in format according to the cataloging rules in effect at the time.
Citations always end with a period.
Citations often contain Japanese script.
Citations sometimes have superscript numbers following the reporter abbreviation.
All Citations are certificates.
All citations are complete.
All citations are double-spaced.
All citations are free.
All citations are from the German edition.
All citations are from the same source.
All citations are from the Strategic Plan of the University.
All citations are full text.
All citations are in English unless otherwise noted.
All citations are in English.
All citations are to materials that are older than five years.
All citations are to that code unless otherwise noted .
All citations are to the Model Penal Code.
All citations contain abstracts.
All citations contain English translations of titles regardless of the language of publication.
All citations features abstracts.
All citations have to correspond entirely with the reference list.
All citations link to the full text article.
All citations list the dewey decimal number.
All citations offer links to both the full bibliographic record and the full text of the article.
All citations require payment of a fine and costs to civil authorities upon conviction.
Any citations issued are the sole responsibility of the participant.
Any citations issued for parking meter violations are the responsibility of the recipient.
Every citation contains an abstract.
Every citation has searchable abstracts.
Many citations also contain a brief abstract of the article.
Many citations are searchable by Scripture reference.
Many citations have abstracts.
Many citations have electronic abstracts, and or, full text available to download.
Many citations have links to the full text of articles online.
Many citations here are for works published at the turn of the century.
Many citations provide full-text articles.
More citations are needed, in particular the human appendix example.
Most citations are for shooting from a public road, or trespassing.
Most citations are in English of have English-language abstracts.
Most citations are in English or have English-language abstracts.
Most citations are in English.
Most citations contain abstracts.
Most citations contain other descriptors as well.
Most citations have abstract links.
Most citations have abstracts and many have bibliographies listed as well.
Most citations have abstracts.
Most citations have full abstracts.
Most citations reflect references appearing in the text of Wiring Simplified .
Most citations relate to use of insecticides.
Most citations require references to substantiate claims that have been made.
Some citations also contain abstracts.
Some citations appear identical but differ in slight ways, like indentation.
Some citations appear identical but differ in slight ways, like spacing.
Some citations are full text.
Some citations are in brackets before the text, others follow it.
Some citations are inaccurate and others are impossible to relate to extant series.
Some citations are obviously more serious than others.
Some citations are quite specific.
Some citations carry monetary penalties.
Some citations come with full text.
Some citations follow.
Some citations have a brief annotation.
Some citations have abstracts and links to journal web sites are provided when known.
Some citations have abstracts while others contain the entire text of the article.
Some citations have brief abstracts.
Some citations have hyperlinks to the fulltext of the article.
Some citations have links to the full-text of journals.
Some citations have links to their full text documents.
Some citations link to complete articles, while others provide abstracts only.
Some citations link to full text of papers.
Some citations link to full-text online sources.
Some citations require an appearance before a judge.
A cite is a note
Cites appear at the top of each case-law document.
Cites rationale for integrating interpersonal communication skills into patient care.
Citgo gasoline is available in unleaded, midgrade, and supreme.
Citibank client accounts.
Most cities water is acceptable, but purified water is better.
Citizen action can take many forms.
Citizen action is more of a foreign concept in Vietnam.
Citizen diplomacy is short-circuited before it gets started.
Citizen groups are outraged.
Citizen groups can and do make a difference throughout the Lake Erie basin.
Citizen groups have to sue the government to get species put on the endangered list.
Some citizen groups do much to promote issues and clean their local environments.
Some citizen groups plan to continue to press for a ban on mountaintop removal.
Citizen militia have a long history.
Citizen networks are the new form of civic associations in our digital era.
Citizen patrols handing out warnings obviously have an effect, but the time has come for changes.
Citizen rights appear to have been completely left out of the equation.
Citizen science is the involvement of regular people in the discovery of scientific knowledge.
Citizen scientists are invited to participate by submitting their photographs and observations.
Citizen suits are a very effective enforcement modality.
Citizen watches are a jewel in the crown of any watch collection.
Citizen watches cover the entire function-fashion spectrum.
A citizen is a subject
Citizen also manufactures watches for collectors.
Citizen calls cops on council aide.
Citizen congratulate away one knit dress.
Citizen congratulate away one womens sneakers.
Citizen congratulate away one wool dress.
Citizen cross on all silence either guide precept golf.
Citizen defines the world's most advanced collection of watches powered by light.
Citizen discuss across one womens sneakers.
Citizen discuss across one wool dress.
Citizen is a big company with service centers in most countries.
Citizen is a political term.
Citizen isa individual.
Citizen isa person.
Citizen isa somebody.
Citizen isa someone.
Citizen preferences for reducing prison crowding.
Citizen use it less time,but now more and more people look for information through Internet.
Citizen watches is the natural choice for timekeeping today.
Citizens abandon the use of their family names and adopt two new names when they join the community.
Citizens abide because they have faith in the state.
Citizens actually wait until symptoms are emergency enough to go into the emergency room.
Citizens adopt the code of their chosen tribe and thus are defined as members of the group.
Citizens already know a woefully small amount about what candidates stand for.
Citizens also benefit.
Citizens also call regarding flooding and stagnant water.
Citizens also can ask questions and offer their perspective on the program.
Citizens also can request that certain information be pushed automatically to their e-mail accounts.
Citizens also can send messages directly to individual officers.
Citizens also demand superior service from government regulators.
Citizens also devote time to their personal life to achieve private goals.
Citizens also devote time to their personal lives to achieve private goals.
Citizens also display varying degrees of social trust.
Citizens also eliminates companies that test on animals.
Citizens also expect from politicians and public servants ethical responsible conduct.
Citizens also express concerns about the safety of the streets on which they live.
Citizens also feel more freedom to express themselves.
Citizens also flock to organizations that benefit all aspects of life in Avon.
Citizens also has a loan production office in Meridian.
Citizens also have a concern with the length of the contract under discussion.
Citizens also have questions about oversight.
Citizens also have responsibilities like obeying the law and paying tax to the state.
Citizens also have responsibilities.
Citizens also have the added comfort of being able to turn to officers that they are familiar with.
Citizens also have the opportunity to comment at the project's public hearing.
Citizens also have U.S. government protection and assistance when abroad.
Citizens also offers a variety of loans.
Citizens also provide opinions about city spending and city policy.
Citizens appear to be taking that message to heart.
Citizens appreciate our willingness to disclose our progress clearly.
Citizens appreciate the unique role colleges play in the development of students.
Citizens approve secession from North Brunswick.
Citizens are a necessary check on arbitrary or unlawful government action.
Citizens are able to communicate their choices and hold leaders accountable through voting.
Citizens are able to engage in an active discussion of public issues.
Citizens are able to submit proposed amendments to the Comprehensive Plan.
Citizens are afraid of police.
Citizens are also active members in subcommittees and workgroups.
Citizens are also ambivalent about the head of state.
Citizens are also concerned about the eventual use of the site.
Citizens are also likely to bear the cost of eventual disposal.
Citizens are always welcome to attend and encouraged to contribute their opinions and suggestions.
Citizens are always welcome.
Citizens are and feel encouraged to participate actively.
Citizens are angry about continuing problems.
Citizens are anxious for news and ask many questions.
Citizens are appointed to the committee and meet regularly to check on the progress of the issuance.
Citizens are at different stages of awareness and technophobia is common.
Citizens are at risk.
Citizens are better able to enjoy the many recreational opportunities available in Hawaii.
Citizens are capable of preventing crime against themselves and others in a variety of environments.
Citizens are capable of votes.
Citizens are capable, with guidance, of developing community visions.
Citizens are central characters in the story of Illinois park districts and forest preserves.
Citizens are clearly concerned about housing, health care, food, education, and other basics.
Citizens are clout.
Citizens are clueless about how public policy affects their pocketbooks.
Citizens are concerned about rising taxes to pay for the dike system, say sources from both cities.
Citizens are concerned about the increase in violent crimes and the increase in drug use.
Citizens are concerned about the quality of their water.
Citizens are concerned about their environment.
Citizens are concerned with growth run amok and their communities becoming unrecognizable.
Citizens are concerned with manners, propriety and graciousness.
Citizens are customers.
Citizens are cynical because there is too much money in politics.
Citizens are different than the armies of enemy states.
Citizens are either native born or naturalized.
Citizens are eligible to enrol to vote and obliged to vote in elections and referendums.
Citizens are eligible to work for the federal government and to apply for certain state jobs.
Citizens are free to buy whatever they choose and control how it is used.
Citizens are free to disseminate all kinds of noncommercial information on the cable channel.
Citizens are free to draw their own conclusions.
Citizens are free to hold democratic conversations about our sovereignty, about who sets the limits.
Citizens are free to own foreign currencies and the banking sector is fully deregulated.
Citizens are free to think, to speak and to vote as they please.
Citizens are free to travel around the country and obtain visas to venture overseas.
Citizens are free to travel domestically and abroad.
Citizens are free to travel domestically and overseas.
Citizens are free to travel within the country and abroad.
Citizens are from Jupiter - Strategies for Reconnecting Citizens and Government .
Citizens are furious.
Citizens are generally safer, and they feel safer, in our community.
Citizens are generally very tolerant of other religious views and practices.
Citizens are generally very tolerant of others' religious views and practices.
Citizens are happy with neither choice.
Citizens are highly dependent on cars.
Citizens are ill equipped to disentangle the roots of their apathy from prevailing social norms.
Citizens are in debt with medical bills and end up on welfare because of health problems.
Citizens are interested but they want to design the facility.
Citizens are leaders in their communities.
Citizens are located in countries.
Citizens are members.
Citizens are more confident and more assertive.
Citizens are more free to move from one place to another.
Citizens are more than customers or clients.
Citizens are more wary now, more active.
Citizens are much better off being in a city in the intermediate range.
Citizens are much more aware of their rights.
Citizens are nationals.
Citizens are no longer content to be governed without their involvement.
Citizens are often interested in finding out how they can bring about a change in the law.
Citizens are often unwilling or afraid to offer information to authorities.
Citizens are part of the issue.
Citizens are people.
Citizens are pleased with their surroundings, and at the same time, enjoy all sorts of technologies.
Citizens are political actors.
Citizens are program champions, serving as advocates for the program.
Citizens are proud of their community and work diligently to keep it attractive and livable.
Citizens are ready to help.
Citizens are replaceable.
Citizens are responsible for acting to insure their welfare.
Citizens are responsible for clearing snow from sidewalks adjoining their property.
Citizens are responsible for managing the remains of destroyed animals located on private property.
Citizens are responsible for mowing to the curb for property on which they reside or own.
Citizens are responsible for reporting acts deemed harmful to others.
Citizens are responsible for the behavior of their government.
Citizens are shocked at what they consider an anomaly.
Citizens are sick and tired of sending significant portions of their paychecks to government.
Citizens are sometimes reluctant to come forward with information they have about unsolved crimes.
Citizens are still capable of believing that their votes matter.
Citizens are still guilty until proven innocent.
Citizens are strong.
Citizens are taxpayers and, thus, can serve the best interests of taxpayers.
Citizens are taxpayers.
Citizens are the arbiters of quality in free so- cieties.
Citizens are the law and order of the community.
Citizens are the lifeblood of any democracy.
Citizens are the members of the political community to which they belong.
Citizens are the sovereigns and the masters.
Citizens are then free to enjoy the freedom of speed enshrined in our constitution.
Citizens are to be barred from independently developping their preferred forms of communication.
Citizens are to obey the law or suffer the consequences.
Citizens are understandably concerned about transportation infrastructure.
Citizens are unlikely to be surprised by the absence of a link to an opponent on a candidate site.
Citizens are unsafe.
Citizens are unsure of the long-term benefits, though.
Citizens are very active in public safety programs such as neighborhood watch.
Citizens are victims.
Citizens are welcome and provision for public comments is made all meetings.
Citizens are welcome at all school board meetings.
Citizens are welcome to address the board during open forum and pre-arranged presentations.
Citizens are welcome to attend any of the commission meetings.
Citizens are welcome to attend meetings and working sessions.
Citizens are welcome to attend the meeting to comment on the project.
Citizens are welcome to attend.
Citizens are welcome to call with their gardening questions.
Citizens are welcome to come to either location.
Citizens are welcome to dial the number and leave a report of a potential violation.
Citizens are welcome to give suggestions, ask questions, and offer their own expertise.
Citizens are welcome to report situations of which they are aware.
Citizens are welcome to stop by the precinct unit where ever they see it.
Citizens are welcome to submit their own observations for inclusion if they so desire.
Citizens are welcome to voice their opinions during the public hearing.
Citizens are welcome.
Citizens are willing to make sacrifices to increase their protection from criminals.
Citizens are willing to register opinions on matters outside their expertise.
Citizens are worried that governments and businesses are tracking their Web-surfing habits.
Citizens armed with basic knowledge are able to avoid becoming victims of gang attacks.
Citizens armed with basic knowledge are better able to avoid becoming victims of gang attack.
Citizens armed with basic knowledge are better able to avoid becoming victims of gang violence.
Citizens arrest the president.
Citizens ask for adequate opportunity to comment.
Citizens asking for help get no answers.
Citizens assemble for inauguration.
Citizens assume a serious responsibility when they own a building.
Citizens be aware in giving money in lieu of any winnings.
Citizens become engaged.
Citizens become frustrated with the laws or institutions.
Citizens become frustrated with the people in government.
Citizens become hostages.
Citizens become involved by watching their neighborhoods and reporting suspicious activities.
Citizens become more informed about coastal issues, which helps to build an involved constituency.
Citizens begin to lose momentum and interest.
Citizens believe in looking after their neighbors and their property.
Citizens believe it is important that a comprehensive bear-management plan be developed.
Citizens believe that significant improvement can be made with nominal funding increases.
Citizens belonging to many of the world's democratic nations have what are termed civil rights .
Citizens benefit by moving from standing in line to going on-line.
Citizens benefit from research undertaken in fields such as medicine.
Citizens benefit from the vibrant social and economic contributions of immigrants.
Citizens benefit through cultural programs provided by the agency's grant recipients.
Citizens call in information on various crimes or the location of fugitives.
Citizens call when there is an imminent danger to life.
Citizens can access the web sites for all local libraries and every museum in the state.
Citizens can afford to pay for their own entertainment and cultural needs.
Citizens can also access the survey online through the county's home page.
Citizens can also be on the lookout for any illegal discharges or accidental releases.
Citizens can also become consulted parties when important projects are still in the planning stage.
Citizens can also bring aerosol cans.
Citizens can also bring four passenger tires per year to the collection centers at no charge.
Citizens can also bring legal actions to enforce the ordinance.
Citizens can also e-mail their requests through the government s website.
Citizens can also help support the effort by their tax-deductible donations.
Citizens can also organize crime watch and other community building activities.
Citizens can also report a street light outage online.
Citizens can also request a copy of Resolution No.
Citizens can also talk to council at the end of the council meeting.
Citizens can also use our Web pages to obtain information about our member agencies.
Citizens can also voluntarily take fireworks to any participating fire station in the county.
Citizens can also volunteer to serve as class instructors and van drivers.
Citizens can also write letters to share their views on utility rates.
Citizens can also write to news editors and comment on Nigerian issues.
Citizens can also write to news editors and comment on Sudanese issues.
Citizens can also, of course, email their elected council members.
Citizens can apply for licenses or file tax returns on-line.
Citizens can approach the mayor directly in a variety of ways.
Citizens can arrange a tree planting to honor or memorialize friends and family members.
Citizens can avoid traveling to government offices, waiting in line or mailing paper forms.
Citizens can barely understand the present system of uniform standards.
Citizens can be proud of it, and the next family can look forward to living in it.
Citizens can become consulted parties when important projects are still in the planning stage.
Citizens can bring items that are still usable, fixable, or workable to be swapped or donated.
Citizens can bring their dogs into the facility for basic dog obedience training.
Citizens can call an report locations of graffiti.
Citizens can call firefighters and police during community emergencies.
Citizens can call the volunteers and ask questions about the candidates, and issues.
Citizens can check out a radar gun to monitor speed in their neighborhoods.
Citizens can check parking summonses and building violations.
Citizens can choose between going to the common law court or the customary law court.
Citizens can choose to improve their plots and follow the criteria during their recess time.
Citizens can choose where they get their news from and when they get it.
Citizens can click on any incident on the map to get the details of that particular incident.
Citizens can compare the strengths and weaknesses of different media options.
Citizens can contact council members in person, by mail, or via the Internet.
Citizens can contact the city administration in several ways.
Citizens can define and control corporations.
Citizens can do something about the drug problem in their area.
Citizens can do their part to control mosquitoes by covering any standing rainwater.
Citizens can do their part to stay informed.
Citizens can do their part.
Citizens can drop-off materials listed blow for a nominal fee.
Citizens can dump their vegetative debris anytime, any day at a special section of the facility.
Citizens can easily research, bid and buy from home, office or public library computers.
Citizens can educate themselves and others on the subject.
Citizens can email instant letters to their delegation to comment on voting records.
Citizens can enter in a street address and view all the reported incidents in the search radius.
Citizens can explore new ideas and defeat the crude control by government of unofficial expression.
Citizens can file suit to challenge agency decisions and the environmental study itself.
Citizens can find out all kinds of environmental information.
Citizens can Follow the Progress of workshops and Get Involved at many levels.
Citizens can freely express their ideas and criticize their government.
Citizens can get one permit every six months.
Citizens can get the information they want in real time.
Citizens can get to information about a pending statute as readily as lawmakers and lobbyists can.
Citizens can give companies or others access to their safe-deposit.
Citizens can give direct feedback to government.
Citizens can go online instead of standing in line, but security and privacy are still concerns.
Citizens can go to prison for talking to foreign reporters.
Citizens can have input in their communities by forming committees and task forces.
Citizens can help by keeping their eyes open to possible illegal activities.
Citizens can help change consumption patterns in many ways, as consumers, workers and voters.
Citizens can help change entrenched public school systems in fundamental ways.
Citizens can help in the effort to save lives.
Citizens can help monitor as well.
Citizens can help out by watching what they put in our streets.
Citizens can help.
Citizens can hold one garage sale every six months.
Citizens can identify the dwelling places of several generations of their families.
Citizens can initiate, endorse, or recall a law or elected official.
Citizens can learn about the importance of reptiles and raptors in the balance of nature.
Citizens can locate property owners through the local tax records office.
Citizens can look on as councillors from local wards develop policies and by-laws.
Citizens can make budget comments directly at the web site as well.
Citizens can migrate and sell their labor anywhere when borders are open.
Citizens can now choose to go online rather than stand in line.
Citizens can now leave a complaint about a graffiti problem on a new email address.
Citizens can now meet one on one with visiting representatives in their communities.
Citizens can offer their knowledge and talents to different local organizations or committees.
Citizens can often get around strong beneficial policies by bribing a few people.
Citizens can participate by submitting either oral or written data, statements, or arguments.
Citizens can participate in a variety of ways.
Citizens can participate in political action and can plan, participate and bring about change.
Citizens can participate in the process by submitting and speaking out on amendment proposals.
Citizens can pay both the property taxes and renewal fees at the county treasurer's office.
Citizens can pay city bills and fees here.
Citizens can pay their parking ticket using their credit card for a small fee per transaction.
Citizens can pay their taxes and renew their drivers' registration online.
Citizens can perform text searches on the summaries.
Citizens can petition the county board of supervisors to place the tax on the ballot countywide.
Citizens can petition to change a street name through the same approval process.
Citizens can provide financing in all New England states for all types of cars, new and used.
Citizens can purchase memorial bricks of loved ones who are veterans.
Citizens can read about the charity sector and they can donate to charities in the village.
Citizens can receive foreign television broadcasts, including from France and from Arab countries.
Citizens can recycle partially used household chemicals at an award winning swap shop.
Citizens can register as virtual citizens, get e-mail, and receive web page hosting.
Citizens can register for both sessions.
Citizens can register to testify as they enter the firehall that evening.
Citizens can report problems and request services from various government departments and agencies.
Citizens can request installation of streetlights along their streets.
Citizens can request the trailer be placed on their street when numerous speeders are noted.
Citizens can research real estate transactions, marriage records and military discharges.
Citizens can respond immediately by e-mail.
Citizens can review the draft document at area libraries.
Citizens can ride for up to four hours at various times of the day and night.
Citizens can run for public office.
Citizens can safely walk or use the public transportation system at any time of day or night.
Citizens can save their money for important local causes and charity.
Citizens can search by specialty or by county.
Citizens can search for sex offenders either by name, or by area using a zip code or city name.
Citizens can send in essays and editorials to be published here.
Citizens can serve as the pulse of the community for parks and recreation.
Citizens can serve the best interests of taxpayers.
Citizens can sound off on the proposed tax rate and budget in a pair of public hearings next month.
Citizens can start their own chamber, or join one that is in progress.
Citizens can still employ any form of cryptography they wish.
Citizens can surely drive the point home with the power they command over the Internet.
Citizens can take an active role in stopping illegal dumping.
Citizens can take private actions that also deter crime.
Citizens can take significant steps themselves to reduce the risk.
Citizens can take the survey by visiting the city's home page.
Citizens can thus follow the handling of bills and their own MPs' activities over the Internet.
Citizens can track the department's effort to improve services.
Citizens can travel freely within the country and abroad.
Citizens can use the engravers to mark their property for identification purposes.
Citizens can use the Internet to alert the investigators about possible crimes.
Citizens can use visioning to create images that can help to guide change in the city.
Citizens can voice their support for controlling how land is used near drinking water intakes.
Citizens can vote in elections without paying poll taxes.
Citizens carry so much more weight than bureaucrats and lobbyists.
Citizens carrying unloaded weapons, even if encased, into courthouses is a prelude to violence.
Citizens celebrate on the new ballpark.
Citizens chain themselves around a school bus in front of the Swiss embassy.
Citizens cherish extreme individualism.
Citizens choose candidates that best serve their interests.
Citizens choose their representatives in periodic, free, and fair multiparty elections.
Citizens come from african countries.
Citizens come from countries.
Citizens come from poor african countries.
Citizens come from poor countries.
Citizens come last.
Citizens comment forms are available at the main office or any of the field offices.
Citizens complain it is difficult to get to board of review meetings during the day.
Citizens complain that the police are often insensitive to the communities they serve.
Citizens complaint and arrest and all that.
Citizens complete an application to verify residency and a parking permit is issued.
Citizens connect to it with modems from their home or office computers.
Citizens consider aquatic life.
Citizens consider life.
Citizens constantly plan and implement their own preferences and spending priorities in the market.
Citizens contact offices.
Citizens contact physicians.
Citizens continue to come here to live and learn before seeking success in the working world.
Citizens continue to enjoy access to the courts no matter who the litigation is against.
Citizens continue to enjoy top quality service from their local government.
Citizens continue to feel a greater sense of isolation or, more aptly, aloneness.
Citizens continue to remind visitors and newcomers to the city the lesson of the boll weevil.
Citizens control the school district through their vote.
Citizens currently are able to view of replica of the finished project.
Citizens currently are able to voice their opinions and comment on permit applications.
Citizens currently provide input on public decisions through town hall meetings.
Citizens depend on official leaders to protect their security, welfare and basic interests.
Citizens deserve a fair way to address the actions of officers who used excessive force last year.
Citizens deserve a voice in decisions made by local governments.
Citizens deserve an opinion from a qualified, independent source.
Citizens deserve the assurance that business is on the up and up in county offices.
Citizens deserve the confidence of knowing their privacy is protected.
Citizens deserve to the opportunity to go online rather than stand in line.
Citizens develop an appreciation and understanding of problems police encounter in their community.
Citizens develop success.
Citizens directly affected by the practice are noticeably absent.
Citizens do demand answers that fit local conditions.
Citizens do more than buy products.
Citizens do, of course.
Citizens donating time and money to help solve a particular problem is truly an American tradition.
Citizens dress in traditional Scandinavian costumes.
Citizens eat crocodile meat.
Citizens eat meat.
Citizens elect a seven member council which is the legislative and policy making body.
Citizens elect both federal and state representatives.
Citizens elect others to represent their interests in government.
Citizens elect politicians and officers to 'represent' their interests and views.
Citizens elect, at large, five city commissioners who serve four-year terms.
Citizens encounter conditions.
Citizens encounter road conditions.
Citizens engage in activities.
Citizens engage in solving problems through participation with local organizations.
Citizens enjoy a fine quality of life and a range of business opportunities, both here and nearby.
Citizens enjoy a high per capita income, good health care and education.
Citizens enjoy a safe, healthy, and economically thriving environment.
Citizens enjoy a very high standard of living.
Citizens enjoy a wide range of civil and political rights guaranteed by the constitution.
Citizens enjoy a wide range of civil and political rights.
Citizens enjoy considerable civil and political freedoms.
Citizens enjoy cultural events, quality public schools and excellent public services.
Citizens enjoy cultural events, quality public schools, and excellent public services.
Citizens enjoy freedom of religion despite living under a dictatorship.
Citizens enjoy games.
Citizens enjoy the freedom of movement that is essential to their survival.
Citizens establish the value by buying and selling real estate in the open market.
Citizens exercise their sovereignty in electing representatives.
Citizens expect and deserve effective leadership from their municipal government.
Citizens expect both of their government, whether it be federal or local.
Citizens expect convenience, accessibility, and available government services and information.
Citizens expect convenience, assessibility and available government services and information.
Citizens expect government to be able to respond when a disaster occurs.
Citizens expect government to deliver services more efficiently and effectively.
Citizens expect one governmental network to successfully carry all traffic.
Citizens expect our programs and materials to be of high quality.
Citizens expect public health to be proactive in health promotion and disease prevention.
Citizens expect that politicians to work economicaly, know development on time and plan carefully.
Citizens expect their elected officials to be responsive to the needs of the community.
Citizens expect their governments operate effectively and, more important, efficiently.
Citizens expect to receive higher levels of service and reductions in the cost of government.
Citizens experience problems.
Citizens express a growing caution about health care reform.
Citizens express anger at having to pay for flood protection.
Citizens fail to recognize WHY people run for office generally speaking.
Citizens fear for their safety.
Citizens feed dogs.
Citizens feel hassled, frustrated and powerless.
Citizens feel isolated.
Citizens feel more comfortable coming to their own center to report problems and share concerns.
Citizens feel powerless in front of faceless power as if they ve lost all control.
Citizens feel safe at home and walk the streets without fear.
Citizens feel that their views are considered seriously.
Citizens feel the effects of growth every day.
Citizens feel they have been heard and know the city is working on their behalf.
Citizens feel warm and fuzzy about their rebates.
Citizens finally stop complaining about ridiculously short jogging shorts.
Citizens find food.
Citizens find it impossible to handle a multilayered legal system.
Citizens find productive work and increase their buying power.
Citizens gain status.
Citizens gain unprecedented mobility, transcending all geographical and national barriers.
Citizens gather around and nod in agreement.
Citizens gather to demand the overthrow of the present governmental structure.
Citizens generally are very tolerant of one another in the practice of their religion.
Citizens generally feel strongly about keeping their public beaches attractive and free of litter.
Citizens get a finite number of stones at their birth, and the stones disappear upon their death.
Citizens get a lot of opportunities to comment.
Citizens get more involved.
Citizens get only minimally adequate health care and the infant mortality rate is high.
Citizens get the latest updates city programs and projects from city leaders and staff.
Citizens give their consent to be governed through elections.
Citizens go into debt to gain the benefits of higher education.
Citizens go to a voting center and cast their ballot for the candidate of their choice.
Citizens go to a voting center and their for the candidate of their choice.
Citizens go to churches.
Citizens go to court again in Canada.
Citizens grant sweeping powers to the political executive.
Citizens gripe about the lack of individual freedom.
Citizens guard their right to privacy.
Citizens guide to the federal budget.
Citizens handle almost all of the front desk work.
Citizens have (part) arms.
Citizens have (part) body substances.
Citizens have (part) cell membranes.
Citizens have (part) cells.
Citizens have (part) corpi.
Citizens have (part) cytoplasm.
Citizens have (part) heads.
Citizens have (part) human bodies.
Citizens have (part) legs.
Citizens have (part) material bodies.
Citizens have (part) necks.
Citizens have (part) nuclei.
Citizens have (part) personality.
Citizens have (part) plasma membranes.
Citizens have (part) sections.
Citizens have (part) vacuoles.
Citizens have a better opportunity to voice concerns and police are dedicated to listen.
Citizens have a duty to abide by laws duly adopted by orderly and just process of government.
Citizens have a duty, a solemn duty, to make sure their votes count.
Citizens have a First Amendment right to lawful assembly.
Citizens have a fundamental right to contribute to candidates and political parties of their choice.
Citizens have a fundamental right to mobility for good reason.
Citizens have a greater voice in the United States than anywhere.
Citizens have a hatful of cheesy one liners that they utter at random.
Citizens have a heightened awareness of their rights.
Citizens have a limited amount of time to leave the city before transportation links are destroyed.
Citizens have a limited knowledge of nutrition and preventive care.
Citizens have a natural right to self-defense.
Citizens have a problem with conversion of data.
Citizens have a right and a duty to insist on fair and honest stewardship.
Citizens have a right and responsibility to oversee spending.
Citizens have a right to a prompt response.
Citizens have a right to associate and form a church which has to be registered.
Citizens have a right to decide their taxes.
Citizens have a right to expect fair and impartial law enforcement.
Citizens have a right to expect honesty in public officials.
Citizens have a right to free speech.
Citizens have a right to know how their tax dollars are spent.
Citizens have a right to know that a particular rule is under consideration.
Citizens have a right to know the law.
Citizens have a right to know what dangers exist and what specific prevention actions are underway.
Citizens have a right to know what substances are being released into the environment.
Citizens have a right to know where pipelines are located and spill incidence information.
Citizens have a right to know whether their water is safe for drinking, fishing or swimming.
Citizens have a right to know who is putting up the big bucks into campaigns.
Citizens have a right to legal information and advice in order to participate in democracy.
Citizens have a right to refuse.
Citizens have a right to speak with someone when they call state government offices.
Citizens have a right to that protection.
Citizens have a right to training without obligations.
Citizens have a vital role to play in protecting the Bay from toxics.
Citizens have a voice in the operation of their utility.
Citizens have a way of getting things done.
Citizens have a wide range of voice mechanisms, most entailing direct participation by the users.
Citizens have access to a historical downtown where they can shop or work.
Citizens have access to many features.
Citizens have access to the business of legislatures in ways they never did before.
Citizens have ample opportunity to participate at planning boards and city councils.
Citizens have an opportunity to play a part in deciding the answer to that question.
Citizens have direct, immediate knowledge about environmental conditions in their communities.
Citizens have duties along with rights.
Citizens have duties and responsibilities as well as rights.
Citizens have easy access to a searchable index to find out what's happening in their community.
Citizens have equal rights to hold state office.
Citizens have every opportunity to get involved from the start.
Citizens have every right to ask questions.
Citizens have excess taxes on everything anyway.
Citizens have experience.
Citizens have few resources to protect themselves.
Citizens have free reign on the Internet.
Citizens have full freedom to choose from what is made available by the state.
Citizens have Internet access through all public libraries in Georgia.
Citizens have less power than ever.
Citizens have little say in how they operate and less each day.
Citizens have lower tolerance.
Citizens have mainly negative rights and obligations.
Citizens have many opportunities to participate in city government .
Citizens have many responsibilities other than the ones mentioned in the oath.
Citizens have mixed feelings about police officers, and vice versa.
Citizens have more opportunity to voice concerns and police are dedicated to listening.
Citizens have much greater ability to sponsor relatives for U.S. immigration.
Citizens have no access to the proceedings.
Citizens have no idea what is going on.
Citizens have no option in contributing to state revenue with mandated levies and other tariffs.
Citizens have no right to form a militia.
Citizens have no visibility of the flow of money through government.
Citizens have no way to hold their leaders accountable for peace-time tasks.
Citizens have no worries neither about their present nor about their future.
Citizens have opportunity.
Citizens have other venues for voter information.
Citizens have possibility.
Citizens have power when they work together.
Citizens have problems getting to sessions like today s meeting.
Citizens have responsibility.
Citizens have right to complete privacy.
Citizens have rights and enough is enough.
Citizens have rights as well.
Citizens have rights.
Citizens have rights.
Citizens have small groups of determined opposition to the doctrine of absolute judicial immunity.
Citizens have the ability, and right, to seek control over light pollution.
Citizens have the civic duty and privilege to vote.
Citizens have the constitutional right to assemble and demonstrate with advance notice of two days.
Citizens have the freedom to choose whatever religion they want to follow.
Citizens have the obligation to analyze, evaluate and participate in the governmental process.
Citizens have the opportunity to help shape the future of Prescott Valley.
Citizens have the potential to benefit dramatically from the access afforded to artists.
Citizens have the power to influence changes.
Citizens have the power to make a difference.
Citizens have the responsibility to sustain their health to the best of their ability.
Citizens have the right and duty to receive an education.
Citizens have the right to a basic education, including adult basic education.
Citizens have the right to appeal government decisions by petitioning the emir.
Citizens have the right to appear and speak either in favor of or opposed to the rezoning request.
Citizens have the right to be free from unreasonable seizures.
Citizens have the right to be informed about their environment and their territorial limitations.
Citizens have the right to bring issues to voters and have their day at the polls.
Citizens have the right to change their government through periodic free elections.
Citizens have the right to claim their property at any time, regardless of the amount.
Citizens have the right to complain about such matters and are encouraged to do so.
Citizens have the right to demonstrate freely without fear of intimidation.
Citizens have the right to establish political parties.
Citizens have the right to find out from government offices what service records they maintain.
Citizens have the right to form associations or parties of any kind and at any time.
Citizens have the right to free assembly.
Citizens have the right to freely leave Latvia and to freely return to Latvia.
Citizens have the right to gainful employment.
Citizens have the right to hold private property.
Citizens have the right to know what is going on and how to get involved.
Citizens have the right to own and use weapons.
Citizens have the right to participate in political decisions regarding environmental issues.
Citizens have the right to quality health care based on an international standard.
Citizens have the right to speak out.
Citizens have the right to strike to protect their economic, social and labor interests.
Citizens have the right to use reasonable force to defend themselves against such acts.
Citizens have the right to vote.
Citizens have the skills to develop and operate programs that meet their needs.
Citizens have to build a large public constituency to support their goals.
Citizens have to give money to the state to perpetuate the state.
Citizens have to know and understand what their rights are.
Citizens have to know that everything going on is legitimate.
Citizens have to let lawmakers know that they want fish protected for the future.
Citizens have to register in advance to vote.
Citizens have tolerance.
Citizens have tremendous input.
Citizens have Turkish flags in their hands.
Citizens have virtually no involvement.
Citizens have water.
Citizens hear that distinctive noise signature, and they feel safer.
Citizens help also.
Citizens here are of all ages and come from many different parts of the world.
Citizens here are of all ages and range from first grade students to college professors.
Citizens here demand good schools.
Citizens here have a big dilemma though.
Citizens hold cards.
Citizens hold social security cards.
Citizens hope that problems can be solved in the legislative process.
Citizens identify and define problems, examine data, offer solutions, and make decisions.
Citizens indicate they desire more enforcement and higher visibility.
Citizens initiating their own campaigns is what got America started.
Citizens interact with each other, exchange ideas.
Citizens intervening in crime are less likely to be wounded than the police.
Citizens involved in Neighborhood Crime Watches range from children to senior citizens.
Citizens joining together to live in a state is a perpetual society.
Citizens keep tabs on the voting records and accomplishments of their elected representatives.
Citizens know better than bureaucrats what their requirements really are.
Citizens know better.
Citizens know it.
Citizens know little of their own country.
Citizens know nothing.
Citizens lack confidence in their leaders and institutions.
Citizens lack information and interest in the judicial system.
Citizens lack skills.
Citizens learn about the history and functions of municipal police.
Citizens learn and then act.
Citizens learn how to participate in public policy decisions that affect their lives.
Citizens learn the problems and solutions that are unique to their piece of the landscape.
Citizens learn to measure the health of wetlands using the WHAT Technique.
Citizens like to know the story of their land.
Citizens line up for a chance to air their opinions at public meetings.
Citizens listen to the radio, and play any kind of sport they wish.
Citizens live in areas.
Citizens live in fear.
Citizens live in houses.
Citizens live in safety and in harmony.
Citizens live worried about insecurity in the streets, the byways and public places.
Citizens living in the areas around the lakes are again in danger.
Citizens look at it when casting their vote for a candidate.
Citizens look to our courts as the final arbiter of fact and fairness.
Citizens look upon the system more favorably if proceedings are conducted openly.
Citizens love to get involved in their parks, and there are many ways they can do so.
Citizens maintain and enhance their quality of life.
Citizens maintain awareness.
Citizens maintain security awareness.
Citizens make a daily commitment to think about other people and the environment as well.
Citizens make no distinction between the levels of government and the services provided by each.
Citizens make ordinary use of the public right of way by driving or walking on it.
Citizens make private choices every day to enhance their lives.
Citizens make the courts possible and necessary.
Citizens make things happen and they see that things change.
Citizens make up only one-third of the total population.
Citizens makes it easy to get back to business with special small business banking offers .
Citizens making donations can do so upon obtaining permission from the state department.
Citizens monitor their lake's water quality each month.
Citizens need assistance.
Citizens need calories.
Citizens need services.
Citizens never get the attention that the paper industry and road-builders do.
Citizens nominated for significant contributions to law enforcement are also eligible.
Citizens nourish their common life by open discussion of values.
Citizens now access, fill, and submit application forms from anywhere via the Web.
Citizens now can get some idea of how people in other nations live.
Citizens now claim the right to openly challenge their government officials.
Citizens now get real-time information.
Citizens now handles all facets of web site design and hosting.
Citizens now have a thirst to know about the environmental impacts of pollution on their health.
Citizens now recognize that they have a larger, more active roll to play in societal change.
Citizens now vote continually, with London, Bonn and Tokyo on the ballot, too.
Citizens now vote continually, with London, Bonn, and Tokyo on the ballot, too.
Citizens offer great assisstance with discovering unlicensed business operations.
Citizens offers five monthly rates to accommodate a novice or expert Internet user.
Citizens offers foreign exchange services that make conducting business easy.
Citizens offers socially-screened funds covering seven asset classes.
Citizens only contact a Congressman when they are at the end of their rope.
Citizens ought to be aware of their methods.
Citizens ought to have that right.
Citizens ought to participate in government.
Citizens owe loyalty or allegiance to their country.
Citizens own the airwaves.
Citizens own the airways.
Citizens participate actively in governmental affairs and public issues.
Citizens participate in two ways.
Citizens particularly crave interaction between city council members and community groups.
Citizens pay a higher entry fee than licensed racers.
Citizens pay blood money interest to forces without moral principle.
Citizens pay fees to offset the cost of the provision of government services.
Citizens pay for excellent government service and they deserve to receive it.
Citizens pay for judges and courts to assure justice for all.
Citizens pay for services by major credit card.
Citizens pay no taxes.
Citizens pay protection money instead of taxes.
Citizens pay taxes to federal, state, and local governments.
Citizens pay taxes to support child welfare payments.
Citizens pay through federal, state or local government taxes and direct user fees.
Citizens perform all sorts of stream monitoring activities.
Citizens perform jury service in an un-distracted and highly conscientious fashion.
Citizens plan to present signed petitions to commissioners at their meeting tonight.
Citizens plan, create and manage the projects.
Citizens plans to use the proceeds from the divestitures to fund the acquisitions.
Citizens play a key role in shaping state policy.
Citizens play a key role in shutting down drug activity, especially when it comes to meth labs.
Citizens play a vital role in helping to initiate, develop and maintain bicycle programs.
Citizens play a vital role too in reducing and preventing pollution.
Citizens play an important role by learning how they can prevent nonpoint source pollution.
Citizens post photos.
Citizens prefer a different policy from that followed by the government.
Citizens pride themselves on an unpretentious lifestyle.
Citizens proselytize freely.
Citizens provide input at public budget meetings.
Citizens provide the benefit of having someone watching their neighborhood at all times.
Citizens pursue culture with almost as much enthusiasm as business.
Citizens race about the city as the sky becomes a caul- dron.
Citizens raise stink over pig factory.
Citizens read about the occasional crazy-sounding lawsuit in the newspaper.
Citizens read the editorial and reacted to it.
Citizens read the paper closely for three weeks and call in responses to questions about stories.
Citizens realize the importance of a strong public education system to our city.
Citizens reasonably judge a registrar of motor vehicles by the volume of forms signed and stamped.
Citizens recall experience.
Citizens recall personal experience.
Citizens receive a certificate upon completion of the program.
Citizens receive a condensed version of many of the classes given to police recruits.
Citizens receive increased law enforcement protection.
Citizens receive public services and protections that rely upon telecommunications technology.
Citizens receive valuable benefits associated with a sports team in their area.
Citizens reclaim Brooklyn's hardworking waterfront for a new park.
Citizens recognize that buildings from our past help define our identity for the future.
Citizens recognizes the importance of reaching out to new, emerging markets.
Citizens reconcile opposing philosophies.
Citizens register as they enter the school.
Citizens register to obtain an email address and to access freenet resources.
Citizens register to vote in the precinct where they live.
Citizens regularly vote on initiatives and referenda.
Citizens rely heavily upon the sea for subsistence.
Citizens rely on events in their communities for affordable entertainment.
Citizens rely on plants.
Citizens rely upon elected officials to be fiscally responsible with taxpayer dollars.
Citizens rely upon their nation's government to safeguard the interests of the whole.
Citizens remain generally disengaged and apathetic towards government and civic involvement.
Citizens remain secure in their persons and property against criminals with guns.
Citizens request information.
Citizens require more and easier access to electronic documents.
Citizens resent their powerlessness, but can do little about it.
Citizens respect uniqueness in people and thought.
Citizens respond by measuring the state by the rules of economic life.
Citizens return to their routine.
Citizens routinely vote for candidates based on the candidates' appearance.
Citizens rule themselves and thus learn responsibility, together with liberty.
Citizens run for school board seats on no-homework platforms.
Citizens rush to grocery stores in a frenzy.
Citizens save Serbia, go to the polls and vote for change.
Citizens say it helps keeps kids out of mischief.
Citizens say just finding out about review meetings is an inappropriate hassle.
Citizens say they want more issue-focused campaigns.
Citizens say they want to support the public schools.
Citizens see a reign of impunity and a system of corruption.
Citizens see firsthand how their clean-up work improves their waterways' health.
Citizens see government employees as cynical and corrupt.
Citizens see no problem with junk piled up in their yards.
Citizens see the prospect of safer neighborhoods and better living conditions.
Citizens seek a new service or program or are dissatisfied with the existing one.
Citizens seek more information, pre- sented more usefully and at lower cost.
Citizens seem resigned to it.
Citizens seem to like it that way.
Citizens sense no direction from their elected officials.
Citizens serve on appointed boards or commissions that decide important public issues.
Citizens serving on boards and committees do so with no pay for the time the expend.
Citizens set the standards in the communities in which they live.
Citizens share culture.
Citizens share high aspirations for students .
Citizens simply borrow an electric engraver FREE from their local library.
Citizens slip across national boundaries all the time.
Citizens speak out.
Citizens stand around.
Citizens stand by and watch from their windows as the rain drops pitter patter on the streets.
Citizens still get sick and children are the most affected.
Citizens still look to the sector to fill some of the gaps left behind by government.
Citizens still stop to chat along the sidewalks.
Citizens stop to watch as the beautiful transporter parks.
Citizens sucks but they are everywhere.
Citizens support notions.
Citizens supporting anti-prayer, however, have many things to argue about.
Citizens take cover in shelters.
Citizens take in various messages from the campaign about the candidates' record and priorities.
Citizens take it upon themselves to find the answers.
Citizens take pride in Minnesota's status as one of the most livable states in the nation.
Citizens take pride in their heritage and work together to create a common vision for the future.
Citizens take pride in their town and work to keep it clean and pleasant.
Citizens take their complaints of police misconduct to the police department.
Citizens talk about very basic things, often local things.
Citizens tell dirty jokes to remember the good times.
Citizens tend to be highly aware of the problems and to cooperate in separation programs.
Citizens tend to view universities as a sort of public utility.
Citizens then visit the bazaar to purchase grain.
Citizens there are under mandatory conservation measures.
Citizens there can carry guns either openly or concealed without any permit.
Citizens think they have the building of the dam stopped.
Citizens to support families.
Citizens to take care.
Citizens travel out of town to shop and amuse themselves.
Citizens treat officials.
Citizens try referendum but unsuccessful.
Citizens typically have to register to obtain an email address and to access the freenet resources.
Citizens understand that common problems can be worked out collaboratively.
Citizens understand their own communities and their own partners best.
Citizens use an online map of the state or county to pinpoint the region they want to research.
Citizens use associations as a mechanism to convey their views on issues to their elected officials.
Citizens use handguns over a million times per year to thwart crime.
Citizens use legal strategies, pollution prevention projects and media campaigns.
Citizens use postsecondary education to prepare for future jobs.
Citizens use the time to present information and add it to the public record.
Citizens uses a series of screens to narrow the investment field.
Citizens value a great many aspects of where they live.
Citizens vary in terms of participation and engagement in society.
Citizens view of the Merrimack River Watershed.
Citizens volunteer to monitor their lake's water quality each month.
Citizens vote at precincts throughout the county.
Citizens vote for individual candidates.
Citizens vote for their favourite party.
Citizens vote, citizens mess up, and citizens are to blame.
Citizens wander in from time to time and add a book wherever they please.
Citizens wanting to look at the proposed road plan can look at it in the city offices.
Citizens wear, in order of importance, the hats of consumer, taxpayer and civic participant.
Citizens wishing to renew passports are able to obtain the proper forms for mail-in renewals.
Citizens work alongside scientists to learn about the biological diversity of local natural spaces.
Citizens work in areas.
Citizens work in states.
Citizens work on slide shows and maintaining photograph collections.
Citizens worry about the cost of college and want measures to keep it affordable.
Citizens often challenge the appropriateness of materials for inclusion in library collections.
Citizens often request lower speed limits on residential streets where children are playing.
Citizens often start out with a skeptical view of the proposed change.
Citizens sometimes disagree.
Citizens sometimes have questions or complaints about the police department.
Citizens usually evaluate decisions informally as they experience and react to the new solutions.
Citizens usually love their town when they have to work to keep it alive.
All citizen have rights and responsibilities.
All citizens are a priority.
All citizens are also equal before the law.
All citizens are eligible for the full range of public benefits.
All citizens are equal before the law and enjoy the same rights.
All citizens are equal before the law.
All citizens are equal in political rights.
All citizens are equal regarding application of the law.
All citizens are equal under the law.
All citizens are equal.
All citizens are equally eligible for public office.
All citizens are free from intrusion into their place of residence.
All citizens are free to take part in the democratic process.
All citizens are free to talk or discuss on the list.
All citizens are guaranteed to be equal, and government decisions can be challenged in court.
All citizens are historical informants for the periods and places they lived.
All citizens are in every regard subject to orders of the government.
All citizens are politically free.
All citizens are poor.
All citizens are responsible to preserve the granted rights of the constitution.
All citizens are welcome and encouraged to participate.
All citizens are welcome to attend the meetings.
All citizens are welcome to attend.
All citizens are welcome.
All citizens benefit.
All citizens can help by practicing land use which minimizes erosion and soil or chemical runoff.
All citizens deserve a safe and decent neighborhood environment.
All citizens deserve equal access to the legislative process.
All citizens deserve equal rights, protection, and opportunity under the law.
All citizens deserve the freedom for economic opportunity.
All citizens deserve the right to be heard.
All citizens do.
All citizens enjoy freedom of occupation.
All citizens enjoy freedom of religion.
All citizens enjoy the freedom of conscience.
All citizens enjoy the freedom of speech and the press, and of assembly and association.
All citizens enrolled in U.S. allopathic or osteopathic medical schools are eligible.
All citizens gain through reduced crime, juvenile delinquency and public assistance costs.
All citizens have a right to access Maine's information resources.
All citizens have a right to an honest job, a living wage and a safe working environment.
All citizens have a right to decent housing, in the city in which they choose to live.
All citizens have a right to hear the deliberations of the school-finance formula task force.
All citizens have a right to question a citation before a judge.
All citizens have a right to such coverage.
All citizens have a right to the best possible medical care which is free and universal.
All citizens have access to health care.
All citizens have access to the Internet at public libraries.
All citizens have access to traditional library services, according to their needs.
All citizens have an equal right to seek employment in the labour force.
All citizens have an equal voice and make full contributions to the betterment of our community.
All citizens have an interest in the wellbeing of wildlife populations, regardless of geography.
All citizens have compulsory health coverage through a national system.
All citizens have equal claims on the component of land value that arises from nature.
All citizens have equal opportunity of living with dignity, with access to goods and services.
All citizens have equal rights and are subject to equal duties.
All citizens have equal rights under the law.
All citizens have equal rights.
All citizens have little rights and behavior is very limited.
All citizens have such power.
All citizens have the duty to pay taxes under the conditions as prescribed by law.
All citizens have the duty to work.
All citizens have the privilege of use of the flag upon any occasion they deem appropriate.
All citizens have the right and duty to work.
All citizens have the right of protection from physical, emotional, and financial abuse.
All citizens have the right to a speedy trial.
All citizens have the right to education.
All citizens have the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and association.
All citizens have the right to freedom of religion.
All citizens have the right to hold public office under the conditions prescribed by law.
All citizens have the right to live in a clean and healthy setting.
All citizens have the right to live violence-free lives.
All citizens have the right to take part in electing representatives to make the laws.
All citizens have the right to vote and run for office.
All citizens have the right to vote under the conditions prescribed by law.
All citizens have the same social dignity and are equal before the law.
All citizens have values, skills, talents, and potential to share with their communities.
All citizens living there are well armed with light and heavy weapons.
All citizens rely on the science of geology and consume mineral resources daily.
All citizens require the ability to interact with science, mathematics, and technology.
All citizens share a responsibility to stand against illegal drug use.
All citizens stand still for two minutes in respect for the fallen.
All citizens undergo a period of adjustment.
Any citizen can access services by contacting their local county extension office.
Any citizen can call and get a wealth of information from the government.
Any citizen can check out books or videos on raising honeybees for a period of up to two weeks.
Any citizen can do a lot to protest at the new democratic fascism in Germany.
Any citizen can do it.
Any citizen can follow a high-level environmental trade dispute on the Internet.
Any citizen can have a localnet electronic address.
Any citizen can join .
Any citizen can prepare and gather signatures to place a referendum on the ballot.
Any citizen can propose a legislative initiative.
Any citizen can report a crime.
Any citizen can request a repair to a hazardous sidewalk.
Any citizen can see just how rigorous our California standards and assessments are.
Any citizen can send cash to any governorate with ease and within minutes.
Any citizen can speak to their MPs and senators about their problems in relation to policies.
Any citizen can start a campaign to reform government policy.
Any citizen can submit a written request to view a file.
Any citizen can use the computers and take classes for free.
Any citizen can vote.
Any citizen follow a high-level environmental trade dispute on the Internet.
Any citizen has access to the district's budget and financial accounting reports.
Any citizen is encouraged to report child abuse.
Any citizen is provided an opportunity to provide input on any issue on the agenda.
Any citizen now has the same kind of access that lobbyists have had in the past.
Any citizen whatsoever has the right to run for office here in the United States.
Every citizen actually has two rights to vote.
Every citizen beginning the journey from welfare to self-sufficiency faces different challenges.
Every citizen can be a reporter, can take on the powers that be . . . .
Every citizen can be a reporter, can take on the powers that be.
Every citizen can be a reporter.
Every citizen can be an advocate.
Every citizen can be an ambassador for their community.
Every citizen can get enough gasoline for essential driving.
Every citizen can have a say in school budget decisions.
Every citizen can have a say in the policy-making process.
Every citizen can help and millions more can contribute to make every child a proficient reader.
Every citizen can make a difference.
Every citizen can play an important role in preserving the ozone layer.
Every citizen can play and important role in preserving the ozone layer.
Every Citizen Can Use .
Every citizen depends on, values, and supports continued and enhanced library services.
Every citizen deserves a basic understanding of their food and fiber system.
Every citizen deserves equal treatment for all city services.
Every citizen deserves that right.
Every citizen enjoys freedoms guaranteed by our Constitution.
Every citizen has a guaranteed right to own private property.
Every citizen has a presumption of innocence.
Every citizen has a right to a fair presentation of the facts and has an obligation to be informed.
Every citizen has a right to basic services for the public good.
Every citizen has a right to carry a gun to defend themselves, their family, or their nation.
Every citizen has a right to participate and benefit from national economic development.
Every citizen has a right to vote.
Every citizen has a stake in our public institutions.
Every citizen has a voice . . .
Every citizen has access to quality, affordable health and social services.
Every citizen has access to sample ballots prior to every election or referendum.
Every citizen has an equal opportunity to compete.
Every citizen has an obligation to pay taxes.
Every citizen has an opportunity to help make decisions about electric service.
Every citizen has equal power in matters of government.
Every citizen has equal rights.
Every citizen has freedom of movement.
Every citizen has the equal right regarding human rights.
Every citizen has the right and duty to participate in the defence of the country.
Every citizen has the right and the obligation to study and use the Bulgarian language.
Every citizen has the right to a human rights group in their country.
Every citizen has the right to a passport.
Every citizen has the right to be heard on that issue.
Every citizen has the right to bear arms.
Every citizen has the right to choose their profession freely.
Every citizen has the right to choose their trade occupation or profession freely.
Every citizen has the right to choose their trade, occupation or profession freely.
Every citizen has the right to control the government.
Every citizen has the right to education.
Every citizen has the right to expose corruption.
Every citizen has the right to free choice of employment.
Every citizen has the right to freedom of speech.
Every citizen has the right to inform.
Every citizen has the right to information, opinions and ideas.
Every citizen has the right to obtain the registry from their local law enforcement agency.
Every citizen has the right to ownership and inheritance.
Every citizen has the right to remain silent and to have a lawyer present during interrogation.
Every citizen has the right to suggest a change to the Constitution.
Every citizen has the right to work and to live in human dignity.
Every citizen is a partner.
Every citizen is a potential target for fallout.
Every citizen is a stakeholder.
Every citizen is a warrior.
Every citizen is concerned.
Every citizen is encouraged to get involved.
Every citizen is entitled to basic medical care.
Every citizen is entitled to effective, and humane , law enforcement.
Every citizen is entitled to equal access to justice.
Every citizen is entitled to equal access to tax benefits.
Every citizen is entitled to equal justice under a uniform set of laws.
Every citizen is entitled to fair and impartial service from the police.
Every citizen is entitled to privacy, especially when incapacitated or ill.
Every citizen is entitled to refuse to do work that is dangerous to health and the environment.
Every citizen is entitled to the freedom to form and join a trade union.
Every citizen is free to make political choices.
Every citizen is important, and everyone can contribute.
Every citizen is incommoded by it.
Every citizen is involved in the decision making.
Every citizen is proud of the financial stability of our State.
Every citizen is represented by one senator and one representative.
Every citizen is required to be armed and help in the defence of the city.
Every citizen is supposed to get a vote.
Every citizen is unique.
Every citizen is valuable and has a unique contribution to make.
Every citizen needs to be familiar with their obligations and duties.
Every citizen needs to know that great good can come from the truth being known.
Every citizen ought to be technologically literate.
Every citizen owning a radio or a television is obliged to pay an annual contribution.
Every citizen saves money on bread and butter.
Every citizen treats the other how they want to be treated, and no questions are asked.
Many citizens also assist schools through volunteer programs.
Many citizens also contribute to county government by serving on citizens task forces.
Many citizens are concerned about the increasing traffic and the overall quality of life.
Many citizens are opposed and two groups have formed to present the reasons.
Many citizens argue they feel more alienated from their government than ever before.
Many citizens become victims of the yakuza's battles.
Many citizens bemoan the take-over of government by wealthy interests and corporations.
Many citizens bring products that are virtually brand new.
Many citizens call in with questions about road maintenance.
Many citizens can connect with young people and increase their access to caring adults.
Many citizens come and enjoy the garden.
Many citizens complain about the thefts and robberies which take place in their street blocks.
Many citizens consult historical records to trace their family heritage.
Many citizens depend on the river to support themselves and their families.
Many citizens dress in replica dress from the period.
Many citizens drink ground water and use it in their homes.
Many citizens enter their prize vegtables, flowers, crafts and handwork.
Many citizens feel powerless.
Many citizens have a poor understanding of the function and value of a research university.
Many citizens have low or fixed incomes.
Many citizens hold their privacy to be the single most valuable asset they posses.
Many citizens interpret the professional police demeanor as insensitive and callous.
Many citizens look primarily to the U.S. government to confront the biodiversity crisis.
Many citizens meet with the council and demand that the city be cleaned up.
Many citizens never have any other interaction with the justice system during their lifetimes.
Many citizens now carry heavy burden of high-energy costs that are totally unfounded.
Many citizens now choose to contact their legislators by phone, mail, or E-mail.
Many citizens now lack the necessary skills to be contributing citizens.
Many citizens participate in the program, working closely with the police.
Many citizens prefer shotguns to handguns for home defense.
Many citizens regularly attend religious services.
Many citizens remain missing.
Many citizens see the court ruling as a step toward tolerance and understanding.
Many citizens seek advice from tax law specialists as a means of clarifying their tax obligations.
Many citizens seek to participate without their direct personal involvement.
Many citizens seem to be oblivious to the election even occurring.
Many citizens simply think that lotteries are a form of gambling and morally wrong.
Many citizens struggle to bring effective tourism development to their community or region.
Many citizens think it is time for a change.
Many citizens underestimate the impact of political ads.
Many citizens view politicians as being corrupt, power crazed, and money hungry.
Many citizens view the three levels of government as a single entity.
Many citizens visit and enjoy it in all seasons.
Many citizens volunteer their time and experience.
Many citizens vote for politicians who overpromise.
Many citizens work abroad in South African mines.
Many citizens work to support tourism, either in resorts , restaurants , or other related services .
More citizens are more confrontational.
More citizens participate in the oversight and governance of park and recreation resources.
Most citizen feel that their health care system is constantly deteriorating.
Most citizens already realize that law enforcement is a difficult and dangerous profession.
Most citizens appreciate the friendly warning without receiving a citation.
Most citizens are already aware of our efforts to achieve the first two objectives.
Most citizens are barely aware of the issue.
Most citizens are completely clueless about what their legislators are doing.
Most citizens are ignorant of the most basic facts about government.
Most citizens are likely to agree that is a poor way to squander our hard-earned surpluses.
Most citizens are members of Christian churches.
Most citizens are of one of the more than thirty ethnic minorities.
Most citizens are somewhere between the extremes.
Most citizens are surprised to learn the degree to which their government is accessible.
Most citizens are unaware of the variety of specialized courts in the federal system.
Most citizens are unwilling to talk politics with pollsters.
Most citizens are well aware that illegal immigration is a serious problem in the United States.
Most citizens can already guess what databases contain personal information.
Most citizens care about the performance of their public institutions.
Most citizens choose to comply with the officer's directions.
Most citizens come from african countries.
Most citizens come from countries.
Most citizens come from poor african countries.
Most citizens come from poor countries.
Most citizens consider aquatic life.
Most citizens consider life.
Most citizens develop success.
Most citizens eat crocodile meat.
Most citizens eat meat.
Most citizens encounter road conditions.
Most citizens engage in activities.
Most citizens enjoy a comfortable standard of living.
Most citizens enjoy games.
Most citizens enter Grenada using their U.S. passports.
Most citizens favor recycling and consider it a necessary worthy task.
Most citizens feed dogs.
Most citizens feel our system of justice is too slow, too expensive, too adversarial and too biased.
Most citizens feel that their health care system is constantly deteriorating.
Most citizens find food.
Most citizens gain status.
Most citizens go to churches.
Most citizens go to sleep in black, drive to work in black, and drive home in black.
Most citizens grant newly-elected politicians time to learn how to deal with the public.
Most citizens have at least one library somewhere that they can call their own.
Most citizens have experience.
Most citizens have little confidence in their legal system.
Most citizens have lower tolerance.
Most citizens have no meaningful participation in the political process.
Most citizens have no money and can no longer be consumers.
Most citizens have opportunity.
Most citizens have possibility.
Most citizens have responsibility.
Most citizens have rights.
Most citizens have tolerance.
Most citizens have water.
Most citizens hold cards.
Most citizens hold social security cards.
Most citizens join the CABs to be involved in their community.
Most citizens just assume their government is watching out for their welfare.
Most citizens know that about half of their property tax bill goes to pay for schools.
Most citizens lack skills.
Most citizens learn at a very early age the importance of water.
Most citizens live in areas.
Most citizens live in houses.
Most citizens live in the community because they like it.
Most citizens maintain awareness.
Most citizens maintain security awareness.
Most citizens post photos.
Most citizens prize their right to vote.
Most citizens recall experience.
Most citizens recall personal experience.
Most citizens rely on plants.
Most citizens request information.
Most citizens see education of future generations as a major goal of government.
Most citizens share culture.
Most citizens speak a common language and share common historical and cultural traditions.
Most citizens still live in the countryside.
Most citizens struggle to get by every day.
Most citizens support notions.
Most citizens treat officials.
Most citizens use local government records for very personal and very practical matters.
Most citizens wash cups.
Most citizens watch to be informed and educated.
Most citizens wear hats outside during the summer.
Most citizens work in areas.
Most citizens work in states.
Some citizens are concerned about public records being readily available to anyone on the Internet.
Some citizens become government.
Some citizens believe the school board already has decided the principal's fate.
Some citizens complain about wanting longer night and weekend hours for swimming.
Some citizens consider reptiles.
Some citizens demand swift justice for the vicious homicides.
Some citizens die from cigarette smoke.
Some citizens die from smoke.
Some citizens distrust the army for reasons other than the incineration program.
Some citizens eat corn.
Some citizens enjoy better protection.
Some citizens enjoy presence.
Some citizens enjoy protection.
Some citizens favor the increase in police.
Some citizens feed bees.
Some citizens feed cats.
Some citizens feed ducks.
Some citizens feed geese.
Some citizens feed horses.
Some citizens feed pigeons.
Some citizens feel presence.
Some citizens have albinism.
Some citizens have children.
Some citizens have death.
Some citizens have material wealth.
Some citizens have patterns.
Some citizens have wealth.
Some citizens involve in policy.
Some citizens keep cattle.
Some citizens keep dogs.
Some citizens lead officers.
Some citizens leave prisons.
Some citizens live in poverty.
Some citizens look for new meaning in their lives.
Some citizens make decisions.
Some citizens opt to come in person rather than call.
Some citizens own cattle.
Some citizens purchase their own traps from local sources.
Some citizens receive attention.
Some citizens receive medical attention.
Some citizens resent the duty.
Some citizens respond to calls.
Some citizens simply opt out of public services.
Some citizens take honey.
Some citizens think that getting rid of the skaters is the answer.
Some citizens turn to cannibalism .
Some citizens turn to cannibalism.
Some citizens welcome the decision.
Some citizens work months.
Citizens groups can accomplish things, but they have to be organized.
Citizens groups complain their interests are being ignored.
Citizens groups try to attract members based on ideological appeals.
Citizens juries receive evidence from expert witnesses and cross-questioning can occur.
Most citizens patrols require that volunteers work in pairs.
Citizens time follows the work sessions.
Citizenship education aims to produce national citizens.
Citizenship education emphasizes cooperation and following rules.
Citizenship education includes trust, respect, responsibility, fairness, and caring.
Citizenship education is an activist education.
Citizenship education is education in the values of democracy, pluralism and social commitment.
Citizenship education is the second part of character and values education.
Citizenship education requires the creation of appropriate conditions.
Citizenship law is complex and the information provided here is for guidance only.
Citizenship rights are under attack.
Citizenship aims to develop participation and empathy across a variety of areas.
Citizenship also allows people to vote and hold public office.
Citizenship also brings responsibilities.
Citizenship Ask only if U.S. citizenship is a bona fide requirement of the position.
Citizenship Be able to discuss the Declaration of Independence and U.S. Constitution.
Citizenship becomes senseless.
Citizenship begins with each individual.
Citizenship Being a citizen is a full time job.
Citizenship brings one right that is of great importance to many politicians in Washington.
Citizenship can be a guarantor of basic human rights.
Citizenship can factor significantly into a student's grade if warranted.
Citizenship can merely confuse the issue.
Citizenship can tie to economic and social development, especially in a sustainable manner.
Citizenship demands participation, involvement and contribution.
Citizenship demands responsibility.
Citizenship Develop a better understanding of America's social, economic, and governmental system.
Citizenship Develop a better understanding of America's social, economic, and governmental systems.
Citizenship does take effort.
Citizenship encompasses respect for authority.
Citizenship entails a moral and intellectual bond, and an allegiance to all that America represents.
Citizenship exists to serve the sovereign and indivisible Turkish state.
Citizenship goes beyond a title or privilege.
Citizenship has different levels.
Citizenship implies inclusivity.
Citizenship implies membership and shared values and concerns for the good of the total community.
Citizenship includes an awareness of the patriotic celebrations of our nation.
Citizenship includes an awareness of the symbols of our nation.
Citizenship includes web space, chat rooms, e-mail and trial anonymous web surfing.
Citizenship involves duties as well as rights.
Citizenship involves duties of community service as well as a right to the basic income.
Citizenship involves taking an active role in molding and shaping the social structure.
Citizenship is a complex term that has matured, as America itself has grown older.
Citizenship is a dynamic process.
Citizenship is a learned behavior, nurtured through involvement.
Citizenship is a legal phenomenon which includes existing diversities in the society.
Citizenship is a lifelong commitment.
Citizenship is a matter for each multinational to reckon with.
Citizenship is a part of every project.
Citizenship is a required sub-theme of the unit plan.
Citizenship is a sacred right.
Citizenship is a sensitive issue that can force people to move.
Citizenship is a status or condition and is the result of both act and intent.
Citizenship is a step toward becoming a full participant in U.S. society.
Citizenship is a two-way relationship and includes both rights and duties.
Citizenship is a virtue.
Citizenship is about more than having a passport and the right to vote.
Citizenship is absolutely free.
Citizenship is acquired automatically as soon as all of the requirements have been met.
Citizenship is an active process.
Citizenship is an impoartant part of the program and camp for representatives is available to many.
Citizenship is an open, contested idea.
Citizenship is based on birth.
Citizenship is based on rights of birth.
Citizenship is based on whether the person was born in the country.
Citizenship is called ezrahut.
Citizenship is central to the operation of the school and classrooms.
Citizenship is critical for tax purposes.
Citizenship is demeanor.
Citizenship is derived by birth within the country's territory or from one's parents.
Citizenship is determined at the time of the filing of the complaint.
Citizenship is different than permanent residence.
Citizenship is free and welcome to all.
Citizenship is granted to legal immigrants after they complete the naturalization process.
Citizenship is in many ways a difficult and peculiar way of life.
Citizenship is included as a criterion in the selection of award recipients.
Citizenship is intended for personal use only and is non-transferable.
Citizenship is just as important as athletic ability.
Citizenship is left devoid of substance.
Citizenship is legal status
Citizenship is legal status.
Citizenship is man's basic right.
Citizenship is meaningless in California and obviously meaningless to politicians of both parties.
Citizenship is more than a passport.
Citizenship is more than a political party.
Citizenship is now to be defined as simply consumer choice.
Citizenship is perhaps the preeminent guarantor of human rights.
Citizenship is permanent.
Citizenship is reduced to mere identity with a geographical territory.
Citizenship is secured data.
Citizenship is seen as nothing more than the right to apply for government handouts.
Citizenship is situations.
Citizenship is the ability to apply knowledge necessary for effective citizenship.
Citizenship is the American ideal.
Citizenship is the basis for constitutional rights and duties.
Citizenship is the exercise of mutual respect.
Citizenship is the foundation of a healthy democracy.
Citizenship is the luck of the draw.
Citizenship is the most symbolic sign of attachment to the United States.
Citizenship is to be replaced by the roles of employee and consumer.
Citizenship is vital to the strength of our country.
Citizenship is voluntary.
Citizenship links our daily life and interests to larger public values and arenas.
Citizenship means engaging in public work and public work takes practice.
Citizenship means more than merely claiming a nation as one's own.
Citizenship means nothing to students anymore.
Citizenship means responsibility.
Citizenship needs to be recognized as a legitimate part of all success.
Citizenship Provide the appropriate alpha code.
Citizenship requires an informed populace capable of critically evaluating meaningful alternatives.
Citizenship requires practice through active involvement in the community.
Citizenship requires practice.
Citizenship starts at the personal level.
Citizenship often requires a tolerance for ambiguity and outcomes which fall far short of ideals.
Every citizenship carries with it certain privileges and responsibilities.
Citrate ions enhance taste responses to amino acids in the largemouth bass.
Citrate levels are decreased in metabolic acidosis.
Citrated caffeine is used to treat breathing problems in premature babies.
Citric acid adds a tang without changing the moisture balance of the recipe.
Citric acid extracts a specific set of proteins from isolated nuclei.
Citric acid has a strong, tart taste and is used as a flavoring agent for foods and beverages.
Citric acid helps keep tetracyclines in solution.
Citric acid is a common substance.
Citric acid is a flavor additive and preservative produced from various sugars.
Citric acid is a major chemical export product for China.
Citric acid is a natural preservative found in citrus fruits and inhibits the growth of bacteria.
Citric acid is a natural preservative found in citrus fruits, and inhibits the growth of bacteria.
Citric acid is a safe organic acid that can be added to the water to acidify it.
Citric acid is a substance involved in the metabolism of carbohydrates.
Citric acid is a weak acid, whereas sodium hydroxide is a strong alkali.
Citric acid is a white granular or crystalline powder with a strong acidic taste.
Citric acid is acid
Citric acid is acid.
Citric acid is added to maintain the pH of the contents.
Citric acid is an antiascorbic.
Citric acid is an ingredient in a variety of consumer products.
Citric acid is an organic acid of diverse economic use.
Citric acid is applied.
Citric acid is available in drugstores and kosher food sections.
Citric acid is characterized by a pleasant tart flavor easy solubility and stability.
Citric acid is chemical compounds.
Citric acid is corrosive to galvanized steel.
Citric acid is extracted from citrus fruits where it is in high concentration.
Citric acid is faily acidic, but there is a small amount in fruit.
Citric acid is found in juices or citrus fruits and is responsible for their tart flavor.
Citric acid is hard on the stomach if too much is added.
Citric acid is isomerized to isocitric acid.
Citric acid is mixed with sulfite powder and water to prepare sulfur dioxide solutions.
Citric acid is present in all citrus fruits.
Citric acid is present in oranges, orange juice, lemon, lemonade and sugarless lemon drops.
Citric acid is readily available from a number of commercial sources.
Citric acid is responsible for the tart taste of the fruits of which it is found.
Citric acid is the ingredient that causes the fizzing.
Citric acid is used by the mitochondria to generate energy.
Citric acid is used in soft drinks and in laxatives and cathartics.
Citric acid is versatile, widely used, cheap, and safe.
Citric acid is very soluble in water and is dissolved in the water in the fruit.
Citric acid is what makes lemons tart and sour.
Citric acid lines the inside of test tubes in which blood samples are kept.
Citric acid occurs naturally in such fruits as limes, pineapples and gooseberries.
Citric acid provides a pleasant flavor to food, beverages and medicine.
Some citric acid facilitates absorption.
Some citric acid has atoms.
Some citric acid has carbon atoms.
Some citric acid increases acidity.
Citric fruits are a good example.
Citrin employ's the body's own natural mechanism to suppress appetite.
A citrin is a vitamin
Citrin acts as an appetite suppressor.
Citrine color is found in few specimens.
A citrine is quartz
Citrine also looks good when combined with amethyst, blue topaz or pink tourmaline in jewelry.
Citrine briolette showing air-abrasion prior to adhesion.
Citrine can vary from a light yellow to a gold-brown color.
Citrine can vary in shade from yellow to deep amber, and can be almost identical in color to topaz.
Citrine encourages the yellow ray to support the body.
Citrine gradually opens inner hearing.
Citrine includes yellow to gold to orange brown shades of transparent quartz.
Citrine is a handsome mineral that is mostly derived from Brazil.
Citrine is a highly energizing and beneficial stone.
Citrine is a motivator and can also help clear negative atmospheres.
Citrine is a popular gemstone and stands up well to daily wear.
Citrine is a quartz crystal, which varies in color from pale yellow to deep amber.
Citrine is a stone in the breastplate of the high priest.
Citrine is a yellow variety of crystalline quartz, similar to amethyst and rock crystal.
Citrine is a yellow, semiprecious variety of quartz resembling topaz.
Citrine is also good for improving stress-related digestive problems.
Citrine is also much less expensive than precious topaz.
Citrine is available in tumbled stones.
Citrine is found mainly in Brazil.
Citrine is great for wanting to acquire wealth.
Citrine is just one of many beautiful orange stones.
Citrine is much less expensive than the similar looking yellow sapphire or yellow diamonds.
Citrine is plentiful.
Citrine is readily available, very affordable in large sizes and stands up well to daily wear.
Citrine is the crystal used here.
Citrine is the stone for self-esteem, abundance, and a balanced sense of personal power.
Citrine is the stone of creativity and abundance.
Citrine is worn at night to remove fear, prevent nightmares and ensure a good night's sleep.
Citrine is yellow quartz.
Citrine is yellow to brown quartz.
Citrine relates to the third chakra, which is associated with self-esteem and personal power.
Citrines are quartz.
Most citrine is made by heating amethyst.
Most citrine is mined in Brazil.
A citron is a citrus
Citrons are very sensitive birds and require special attention by their owners.
Citrons make wonderful pets, but are generally devoted to just one persons.
Citrulline helps remove ammonia from the body by converting it to urea.
Citrus acid is the substance that imparts a tart flavor to fruits like oranges and lemons.
Citrus aphids live in climates.
Most citrus aphids live in climates.
Some citrus aphids have ranges.
Citrus blend is mild and uplifting.
Citrus County has many parks that appeal to all types of outdoor enthusiasts.
Citrus County is a leader in the emerging home health care industry with eleven providers.
Citrus County is a leader in the manufacture of stone, clay, glass, and concrete products.
Citrus County is alliterative and catchy.
Citrus County is bordered by the marshy shores of the Gulf of Mexico.
Citrus County is in great demand of furnished rental homes and condos.
Citrus County is made up of a large group of retired residents living on fixed incomes.
Citrus County supports one of Florida's most highly regarded public educational systems.
Citrus crop continues to size up.
Some citrus farmers report disorder.
Citrus flavors seem to be hot.
Citrus flavors seem to mask the taste well.
Citrus flowers are beautiful and fragrant.
Citrus fruit are excellent sources of vitamin C, as are green leafy vegetables and tomatoes.
Citrus fruit contains chemicals.
Citrus fruit includes orange.
Citrus fruit is all acid fruit.
Citrus fruit is edible fruit
Citrus fruit is edible fruit.
Citrus fruit is one of the most important families of fruit.
Citrus fruit is the most important produce of the area.
Citrus fruit provides benefits.
Citrus fruit provides health benefits.
Citrus fruit provides many benefits.
Citrus fruit provides many health benefits.
All citrus fruits are candidates for zesting.
Any citrus fruits can also be aids.
Most citrus fruit contains chemicals.
Most citrus fruit includes orange.
Most citrus fruit provides benefits.
Most citrus fruit provides health benefits.
Most citrus fruit provides many benefits.
Most citrus fruit provides many health benefits.
Some citrus fruit has acidity levels.
Some citrus fruit has high acidity levels.
Some citrus fruit has high levels.
Some citrus fruit has levels.
Citrus industries experience problems.
Citrus industries take precaution.
Most citrus industries take precaution.
Citrus juices are an important source of fiber for human nutrition.
Citrus juices have a thicker consistency, and a more acidic taste.
Some citrus juice enhances flavor.
Some citrus juice helps plants.
Some citrus juice helps vegetable plants.
A citrus mealybug is a mealy bug
Citrus mealybugs tend to prefer grapefruit over oranges.
Citrus oil kills most troublesome insects.
All citrus oils do the same.
Most citrus oils are top notes, as are eucalyptus and peppermint.
Most citrus oils work well as solvents.
Citrus Park has a variety of events for couples.
Citrus Park is a haven for the young at heart who retire to sunny Florida.
Many citrus pathologists believe the disease to be a complex of diseases that share common symptoms.
Citrus peels contain oils useful for controlling ants.
Most citrus pests have natural enemies that keep down their numbers.
Citrus plants are also sensitive to excessive salt in the soil.
Citrus plants are very intolerant of the salts that accumulate when they are watered with tap water.
Citrus sections are excellent when eaten in a partially thawed state.
Some citrus solvents leave an oily residue on the bearings.
Citrus taste adds flavor.
Most citrus taste adds flavor.
A citrus tree is a fruit tree
Citrus trees grow from seeds.
Citrus trees have anchors.
Citrus trees produce fruit.
All citrus trees belong to the single genus Citrus and remain almost entirely interfertile .
Most citrus trees consist of two distinct parts.
Most citrus trees grow from seeds.
Most citrus trees have anchors.
Most citrus trees produce fruit.
Some citrus trees grow in containers.
Most citrus types are self-pollinating with increased pollination occurring when bees work the tree.
Some citrus varieties are cloned and propagated crossbreeds.
Citrus waste is passed through a chamber containing an absorbent that catches the compounds.
A citrus is edible fruit
Citrus abounds and is used in many dishes.
Citrus adds lively, refreshing flavor to every dish it touches.
Citrus also is added to the water served at the table.
Citrus also is used in making ice cream, slushes, wine, cosmetics and bug spray.
Citrus also needs room to grow.
Citrus also offers scholarships to employees and even non-employees who wish to become nurses.
Citrus also suffer from root rot in a lawn setting with regular irrigation .
Citrus appears to have sustained little damage, but assessments are only now taking place.
Citrus burns one day only.
Citrus can be highly important crop trees or prized ornamental trees and shrubs.
Citrus can flower at any time as long as temperatures are warm and rainfall is regular.
Citrus can worsen stomach problems.
Citrus crops making progress.
Citrus harmonizes the stomach and downbears counterflow, thus rectifying the qi.
Citrus has an active program and student government.
Citrus has links to everywhere Citrus.
Citrus has low salt tolerance, but bermuda and rye grasses tolerate salts well.
Citrus is a closed system.
Citrus is a heavy consumer of nitrogen and needs phosphoric acid to set flowers.
Citrus is a high-value crop with relatively high production costs.
Citrus is a male orange tabby, three months old.
Citrus is a natural antiseptic in the air for killing bacteria.
Citrus is a natural flea deterrent.
Citrus is a problem when it comes to controlling populations.
Citrus is a quite hearty piece of fruit.
Citrus is a very important crop in the Mediterranean area.
Citrus is acidic, making it a natural tenderizer for meats and poultry.
Citrus is also good in salad dressings.
Citrus is always good with poultry.
Citrus is an important agricultural export.
Citrus is dead.
Citrus is easy to care for, even in cold regions if brought indoors during winter.
Citrus is fairly tolerant of a clay or sandy soil provided it drains well.
Citrus is Florida's second-leading business, surpassed only by tourism.
Citrus is geared towards customers with discriminating taste.
Citrus is grown in a belt about thirty degrees north and south of the equator.
Citrus is grown predominantly in the uplands and used mostly for juices.
Citrus is highly acidic and can cause painful diaper rashes for a baby.
Citrus is nice.
Citrus is one of the largest industries in Belize.
Citrus is picked from trees at least three years old.
Citrus is recommended both in liquid and bars.
Citrus is relatively intolerant of saline conditions.
Citrus is sensitive to boron.
Citrus is so adaptable that it can be used almost interchangeably when preparing a recipe.
Citrus is so genetically perverse that oranges can grow from lime seeds.
Citrus is stressed from drought.
Citrus is the excuse.
Citrus is the leading export.
Citrus is the more mature of our kittens, both in age and in action.
Citrus is the most economically important of the world's evergreen fruit crops.
Citrus is the second largest industry in that almost tropical state.
Citrus is very fussy for proper food.
Citrus isa matter.
Citrus juices enhance the natural flavor of fish.
Citrus juices from Florida lead all other sources in quality reputation.
Citrus lends itself well to indoor cultivation with very little trouble.
Citrus likes water, but only as needed.
Citrus makes special appearances at theaters, galleries and they are available for corporate events.
Citrus naturally drop leaves during the year, particularly when putting on new growth.
Citrus now consists of oranges, grapefruit and specialty crops such as tangerines and tangelos.
Citrus prefers subtropical, tropical or hot, dry climates.
Citrus remains, however, the leading economic factor in the south-central area of Florida.
Citrus ripens on the tree and is picked by hand just before going to market.
Citrus smells are possible because of limonene, a monoterpene.
Citrus thrives in full sun.
Citruses are edible fruit.
Citruses are fruit trees.
Citruses are part of citruses.
Citruses are plants.
Citruses contain substances.
Citruses have (part) peels.
Citruses have (part) sections.
All citrus is grown and packed without harmful chemicals.
Most citrus grown in New Zealand has a tendency to biennial bearing.
Most citrus grown in Texas is on sour orange rootstock.
Most citruses contain substances.
Citrusy flavors burst on the tongue.
City administrators are less forthright.
City administrators describe such industries as a perfect fit.
City administrators echo the sentiment.
City administrators recommend pumping it back into the Technology Village to cover costs.
City areas enable people to have a high quality of life through various urban activities.
City attorney leads way for scofflaw lawyer's road to recovery.
City attorney picks up secession backers' endorsements.
City attorneys consider the camp a recreational use.
City attorneys say the council has the right to regulate nude clubs.
City attorneys say the investors are trying to make the taxpayers pay for their bad investment.
Some city beaches are better than others.
Some city bikes come loaded with accessories, but the Escape City keeps it simple.
City budgets are the most typical thing that spreadsheets can be used for.
City buildings can alter wind speed and strength.
City buildings have an architectural and historical interest of their own.
City buildings look like gingerbread houses, all rounded and fat and heavy.
Many city buildings are also equipped.
Many city buildings are hundreds of years old.
City bus stop nearby.
City buses are all wheelchair accessible.
City buses are available as well.
City buses are available at most accommodations.
City buses are buses.
City buses are cheap, follow set routes, and are often quite crowded.
City buses are different color.
City buses are like that.
City buses can provide a cheap alternative to cabs.
City buses complement the public transportation system .
City buses complement the public transportation system.
City buses depart every few minutes from the bus station to all parts of the city.
City buses depart from here to locations all around Delhi.
City buses have ads.
City buses offer a good service, but are often crowded.
City buses operate daily from early morning until late evening.
City buses operate daily.
City buses operate throughout Jacksonville and the beaches.
City buses pass by the school's front door.
City buses provide limited service from off-campus areas to the city.
City buses run frequently and provide an alternative mode of transportation.
City buses run to most regions.
City buses stop at the front door.
City buses stop outside the shops.
City busses are very abundant during the daytime, extremely economical and go everywhere.
All city buses have bike racks and are equipped with wheelchair lifts.
Most city buses have bike racks on the front which hold multiple bikes.
Most city busses charge a flat fare, making short journies expensive and long ones cheap.
A city center is a center
City center is largely unrecognizable.
City center Use a chance to buy a caf .
City centers are part of cities.
Most city centers are part of cities.
A city centre is a center
City centre is a bit of a building site at the moment.
City centre living In Birmingham is now very much in demand.
City centre walks around places connected with Christian heritage.
City centres are part of cities.
City centres are the places for hospitals.
City centres can be quite noisy and our hostales are very central.
City centres have vast areas of unused space.
City centres seem to be the worst hit.
Most city centres are part of cities.
City Challenges Turn each outing into a training opportunity .
City code allows only two garage sales a year and only one sign per yard during the sale.
City code exempts several common activities from the requirement of permits.
City code is now online.
City code prohibits the use of public office facilities to promote or oppose political campaigns.
City code requires annual assessments.
City code requires owners in a residential office zone to maintain and improve their property.
City code requires that no trash or junk be visible.
City codes apply within gated communities.
City codes are standards for living in the community.
City codes mandate the number of parking spaces each building requires.
Many city codes require specific cable ties to be used for air handling spaces.
Most city codes require a backflow prevention device be installed on irrigation systems.
City commissioners contend it runs afoul of local ordinances that limit a sign's permitted height.
City commissioners have a full plate of important issues to confront during the upcoming terms.
City commissioners put controls on billboards back then, too, limiting their size and frequency.
City commissioners report a trickle of calls into their offices last week.
All city commissioners run next year.
Some city commissioners say they want to have a more proactive role in how the city is run.
City communities change racial and socio-economically.
A city council is a council
City council adopts the city's annual budget and determines city laws and policies.
City council approves project complete.
City council carries out the legislative function of government.
City council consists of four district seats and one at-large mayor.
City council finds junk.
City council gets input from progressives while conservatives push development.
City council has to decide whether to settle the lawsuit.
City council has yet to receive any kind of official proposal from the mayor's office.
City council is a breeze when compared to some of the challenges they'll face on the island.
City council is a different story.
City council is a large administrative force and very similar to the administration on campus.
City council is the ultimate government body within the city.
City council leaves policy unchanged.
City council opposes the lanes, contends they lead to suburban sprawl.
City council regulates the keeping of livestock and poultry within city limits.
City council responds and takes appropriate action on a valid petition.
City council reviews the applications and establishes a selection process.
City council supports the society in two ways.
City council wins.
City councils are councils.
City councils refuse to include gays and lesbians in anti-discrimination policies.
Every city council has a public forum where one or two citizens speak to the entire council.
City councillors are concerned that large numbers are stuck on methadone.
All city courts have jurisdiction of city ordinance violations, misdemeanors and infractions.
City Creek is a mix of single track and dirt road.
City directories are an underused source.
City directories are good, especially for large cities.
City directories are similar to telephone directories.
City directories are very valuable in finding a family between census years.
City directories are widely available in libraries.
City directories can be invaluable, particularly for family history researchers.
City directories can be useful to genealogists.
City directories can help narrow down a year.
City directories can provide addresses.
City directories contain information about owners and occupants.
City directories contain information on individuals and businesses.
City directories show residents of the city, occupation and street address.
City directory includes address and telephone for business listings.
Some city directories give cross streets.
A city district is a district
City districts are usually small because more people live in a small area.
Some city districts are very large.
City dwellers are mostly merchants and craftsmen.
City dwellers are slightly happier than their rural and suburban counterparts.
City dwellers can drive cars and often do.
City dwellers can no longer buy out of the mess.
City dwellers carry out every function of daily life more efficiently.
City dwellers depend upon pipelines for water to drink and energy to heat and light their homes.
City dwellers face similar challenges.
City dwellers fear returning to their homes.
City dwellers have activities.
City dwellers have gardens - they are individually a tiny area, but the sum of the parts is great.
City dwellers live better in Colombia than country people.
City dwellers live in single-story homes and multistory apartment buildings.
City dwellers live in single-story houses and multistory apartment buildings.
City dwellers live in ways that are extremely damaging to the natural environment.
City dwellers pay more since urban areas have higher theft rates.
City dwellers take the bus or grab a taxi to negotiate a few blocks.
City dwellers tend to get jaded about eating out.
Most city dwellers have activities.
Most city dwellers live only a short distance from stores that sell videos, food, and sundries.
Some city dwellers enjoy beauty.
Some city dwellers jump into their cars to drive three blocks to the supermarket.
City farms are more than a mere product of their times or a return to nature.
City fighting can be very spooky as mechs suddenly appear around buildings.
City flags line both sides of the driveway and a huge city banner hangs between the marble columns.
City folk are much more used to such things.
City folk can add a patio peach or a super-dwarf apple tree to their sunny border or landscape.
City folk eat to much of sweet things.
City folk enjoy fruit, honey, vegetable stews, salads, and rice.
City folk take electricity for granted.
City folks are also concerned about the porcine threat.
City folks are amazed and alarmed.
City folks drive all the way over here just for the food and the view.
City folks know that the city is an exciting and creative place to experience ministry.
City folks love it.
Most city folks know very little of using a map and close to nothing using a compass.
City gas is a major sector in Japan's energy supply.
City girls display their talents.
City government bares fiesta activities THE fiesta fever prevails once again.
City government becomes truly integrated.
City government can design isolated programs and services for our neighborhoods.
City government can help.
City government depends upon citizens to be interested and involved.
City government has no authority over the schools.
City government has nothing to do with defending the rights of people in Kosovo.
City government is a business.
City government is different from other levels of government.
City government is disarmingly simple - there are no city employees and no direct city services.
City government is divided into executive and legislative branches.
City government is funded primarily from sales taxes.
City government is in complete collapse.
City government is local organizations.
City government is located there along with the aforementioned mix of tenants and owners.
City government is of the city manager-council type.
City government is online, as are an increasing number of businesses.
City government is only one part of an interdependent network.
City government is probusiness.
City government is regional government.
City government is serious business, but everyone deserves a break.
City government is strengthened when citizens feel they have a strong voice in our decisions.
City government is the government closest to the people.
City government is viewed more favorably.
City government is, in the end, responsible for peacekeeping.
City government needs to reduce the costs of living and doing business here.
City government needs to take full responsibility now.
City government operates more efficiently than ever.
City government ought to tear down the firewall between welfare reform and economic development.
City government provides a wide range of services.
City government provides needed and desired urban services to the public.
City government saves printing and distribution costs.
City government says every year that it is saving money, yet costs continue to increase.
City governments are home to some of the most dramatic changes and efforts to change in government.
City governments are more responsive than a far away bureaucracy.
City governments can adopt zoning ordinances that encourage housing growth or prevent it.
City governments can do many things in working with developers.
City governments collect an enormous amount of information.
City governments didn t buy much through the mail.
City governments provide essential services for households and businesses.
Many city governments are large and fairly disorganized.
City groups are informal groups of experts primarily from national statistical agencies.
City groups unite to prevent drug abuse.
City growth is good for the county.
A city hall is a hall
City hall encourages public art.
City hall has information on how to prune trees, and has free brochures on the subject.
City hall has some concrete proposals to look at.
City hall is padlocked.
City hall is still a lively, open debating forum.
City hall is the first big building to attract our attention.
City hall is the first building on the left.
City hall is.
City hall runs recreation programs for kids and adults.
City halls are government buildings.
City halls are halls.
City halls are located in cities.
City halls are located in major cities.
City halls are located in towns.
City halls are office buildings.
City halls are the purest example of ancient Greek democracy.
City halls are used for courts.
City halls are used for leadership.
City halls are used for mayors.
City halls are used for meetings.
City halls are used for planning.
City halls are used for pride.
City halls are used for town meetings.
City halls are used for votes.
City hams are moist and tender.
City hospitals are overcrowded with street war victims.
City hospitals are overcrowded with street wars victims.
City hotels are as expensive as any in Europe, though there are a few bargains.
All city hotels provide secure storage for left luggage.
Most City hotels have their own house doctors for emergencies.
City Island hosts some of the finest seafood restaurants in New York City.
City Island is equipped with male and female restrooms near all major recreation sites.
City Island is Harrisburg's playground, a bridge away from center city.
City Island Provides links to area businesses, restaurants, and community organizations.
City Island resembles a New England seaside town transplanted into the five boroughs.
City Island retains the charm of a small fishing village.
City jails hold facilities.
Most city jails hold facilities.
City kids are harder hit.
City kids are only just barely more likely to try drugs than country kids.
City kids are slick, clever, and articulate.
City kids can learn about country life.
City kids can t afford to wait.
City kids grow up faster, and they have to in order to survive.
City kids have no idea what a real cow looks like, other than pictures.
City law allows restaurateurs to file written requests for hearings to contest inspection findings.
City law is blind to paper glut.
City law prevents people from begging, soliciting financial contributions or other valuables.
City law prohibits taxpayer money from being used for such animal medical care.
City law prohibits the possession, sale and importation of alcohol.
City law prohibits the sale or possession of alcohol.
City law requires legislation to be read at two meetings before the council votes.
City laws are codified, and consist of the city's ordinances.
City laws can be a different story though.
City laws require all dogs to be leashed outside controlled enclosures.
All city laws apply to all races.
City libraries can bring in books from city libraries all over the country.
City libraries have a collection of UK, USA, Europe and World patents.
City life gets more social in the spring and summer.
City life is built on stable, easily and quickly prepared food.
City life is dependent on people walking.
City life is for the birds.
City life is full of opportunities outside the classroom.
City life is paralyzed due to trafficjams.
City life is the one that's simple.
City life takes place in wide avenues, quiet squares and some very busy streets.
City lights affect all CCD cameras, but less than they affect visual observing and astrophotography.
City lights block out the night sky, so people forget they're living in space.
City lights glow dimly through a thick haze.
City lights make it easy to pick out countries and Hawaii can be seen clearly.
City lights mirrored in a puddled street are a beautiful sight.
City lights obscure faint meteors just as they obscure faint stars.
City lights show through the clouds.
City lights twinkle down below.
City lights twinkle.
A city limit is demarcation
City limit splits the parcel.
City limits are part of towns.
Most city limits are part of towns.
City management is based on the concept of standards of quality.
City management is the most important issue facing our city.
A city manager is a politician
A city manager is civil authority
City manager cracks down on employees' illegal parking.
City manager is normally an appointed position.
City manager leans toward hiring locals .
City manager means the city manager of the City of Huntsville, Texas.
City managers are one of the few exceptions.
City managers have the authority to hire, fire, and promote employees.
City maps are available at a minimal cost.
City maps are available for a nominal fee.
City market analyses for airline, hotel, car rental.
City marketing is a modern management instrument for an integrated development of the municipality.
City marshals charge fees for their services.
City mayors manage mayors or city mayors.
City museums offer exhibits unique in the world, as well as recreational activities for children.
City music is a new nonprofit organization whose performances each benefit a local charity.
City newspapers write that gold is now just another raw material.
City nights offer cinema, concerts and the arts.
Cities of Brazil are here.
City of love is an understatement.
City officials acknowledge the loss of ag land, but say that is a separate issue.
City officials acknowledge there have been internal questions about the stickers as well.
City officials advise drivers to use alternate routes during the construction.
City officials agree as that is one item on the latest redevelopment plan.
City officials agree that under the current law, most of the short-term rentals are legal.
City officials anticipate a fall election.
City officials appear confused about what direction to take.
City officials are beginning to do that slowly, they say due to competing financial concerns.
City officials are eager to see the decayed buildings removed.
City officials are excited about the new building.
City officials are happy with the results so far.
City officials are in a proud and unique position.
City officials are less sanguine.
City officials are pleased.
City officials are prepared to meet the human dimension of the heat wave.
City officials are public officials.
City officials are uncertain about where they'll get the remainder.
City officials beg to differ.
City officials believe the sewer main is intact.
City officials blame it on the county.
City officials blame money for the confusion.
City officials can petition the state insurance commission to do an audit of the tax.
City officials cite overwhelming public support for the construction of the fitness complex.
City officials claim it is a public health issue, and sets a bad example for the children.
City officials claim that the termination occurred because of a series of alcohol-related incidents.
City officials claim the increase is necessary to fund much needed road repairs throughout the city.
City officials claim they have made strides in race relations.
City officials concede, however, that much uncertainty remains.
City officials consider a theater a vital piece of downtown redevelopment.
City officials contend they have tried to ease the church's fears.
City officials continue to work on a local set of rules for placement of the centers.
City officials couldn t figure out why.
City officials decline to say what they ll do with it all.
City officials defend their good intentions to just give a few individuals a break.
City officials demand something be done.
City officials deny harboring covert intentions.
City officials deny that allegation.
City officials deny that quotas exist.
City officials deny the charges.
City officials deny there was any malicious intent behind either the comment or the printing of it.
City officials describe it as worn out and unsafe.
City officials disagree.
City officials disapprove.
City officials dispute that.
City officials distribute two sheets of the paper every year-end to each home.
City officials do a good job of balancing the demands of vehicle quantity and quality.
City officials encourage all Saratoga residents to complete and return the survey.
City officials encourage residents to keep conservation efforts up.
City officials encourge all to walk, bike, car pool, telecommute or take transit to work.
City officials expect a decision about the grant in two to four months.
City officials expect it to be popular and quickly spawn more downtown housing.
City officials expect other construction and demolition landfills to open.
City officials expect the study to conclude early next year.
City officials expect to hear whether the advisory is being lifted around noon.
City officials have a reputation for creativity, accessibility, and responsiveness.
City officials have four options, none of which is any guarantee of victory for the defense.
City officials have no plans to disperse the crowds.
City officials have two projects in mind to keep young people busy.
City officials have yet to add all the services they plan to offer through the site.
City officials have yet to issue a permit for the parade.
City officials hope repairs can proceed while the permits are processed.
City officials hope the flow of grants continues.
City officials hope they can still find a grant or two.
City officials hope to have both projects finished by fall.
City officials hope to have the road finished by fall.
City officials hope to make a decision on a new chief by early summer.
City officials hope to move into their new building by the end of the year.
City officials hope to offer downtown visitors reliable transportation alternatives.
City officials hope to take residents for a free ride.
City officials insist no bad practices or wrongheaded policies are involved.
City officials insist there never was an attempt to keep the subject a secret.
City officials insist they acted in the best interest of city and shelter residents alike.
City officials insist, however, that finding jobs for the poor is still the program's primary goal.
City officials keep going in circles over the issue.
City officials keep saying the crime rate has gone down.
City officials know citizens personally.
City officials know it's the water line, but proving it remains the issue.
City officials know something about responding to emergencies.
City officials maintain it was a tentative deal that was never formally approved. .
City officials maintain the system is working fine and improvements are underway.
City officials meet for the first time with a community critic.
City officials plan to analyze the data and publish a report within the year.
City officials plan to conduct a rate study in each district to determine if one is necessary.
City officials plan to continue expanding the program.
City officials plan to hold meetings to address the issue.
City officials plan to pay off the loans within three years by selling the property to developers.
City officials plan to provide the company with a figure in several days.
City officials praise the project as the perfect example of a public-private partnership.
City officials promise more details in the weeks to come.
City officials remain skeptical about the chances for enacting it again.
City officials request citizen input and help in constructing a plan that reflects community values.
City officials resolve to stop imposing unfair project labor agreements on local building contracts.
City officials ride in the cars pulling the floats.
City officials say a sudden failure of the dam is unlikely.
City officials say both projects are important, but deciding which is more important is difficult.
City officials say communication and safety are needed in a community of such size.
City officials say compliance is impossible.
City officials say half of the grease comes from residences and half from local restaurants.
City officials say in statements.
City officials say it's a combination of term limits, a push from voters and raw political ambition.
City officials say it's difficult to calculate the full financial impact of the decision.
City officials say recent dry weather prompted today's ban.
City officials say sexual activity at the park has increased over the past few months.
City officials say tap water is now safe for normal use.
City officials say that s due to the cost of land and the economics of such structures.
City officials say that thousands of motorists resort to Corona's streets to bypass the bottleneck.
City officials say that's unlikely.
City officials say the accounting troubles help prove their case.
City officials say the allegations are simply the venting of a disgruntled former employee.
City officials say the ban is simply for safety.
City officials say the building needs a number of repairs.
City officials say the cameras have greatly reduced crime in the area.
City officials say the condition of the pipes slowed the repair process.
City officials say the construction of the road poses no problems for the little tern population.
City officials say the damage can be traced back to a rock stuck in the sewer lines.
City officials say the effects of both can be spotted easily throughout the city.
City officials say the ejido is eager to sell the land.
City officials say the extent of black population loss was unexpected.
City officials say the film crew had no business setting up where they did.
City officials say the growth at Fulton is a good harbinger for the region's economy.
City officials say the plan they've seen has plenty of possibility for future additions.
City officials say the problem has been found in the city water tower.
City officials say the process to transfer the property is only partially complete.
City officials say the project has been discussed off and on for five years.
City officials say the proposal is the culmination of a year's work.
City officials say the proposed pay increases are essential to retaining their employees.
City officials say the range is worthwhile if for nothing more than safety.
City officials say the school completed the permit process before the nude club.
City officials say the site has cut clerical time spent responding to information requests.
City officials say their current holdings are adequate to protect the water supply.
City officials say their earlier plans to have a spring or summer referendum have changed.
City officials say there are no plans to cancel the proceedings if the weather gets bad.
City officials say they are doing the best they can to improve the city's fresh-water quality.
City officials say they are doing their part.
City officials say they are hoping to cut away some of the red tape that is hampering investment.
City officials say they are just using procedures the law allows.
City officials say they are looking into the issue.
City officials say they are ready for it.
City officials say they are still awaiting more test results.
City officials say they are very grateful for the funding.
City officials say they are walking a fine line between progress and preservation.
City officials say they are well aware of the potential problems.
City officials say they are working on short notice.
City officials say they had no choice.
City officials say they thought the property had been abandoned.
City officials say they want both property values and the tax base to keep increasing.
City officials say they want to buy the land and maintain low-income housing in perpetuity.
City officials say they want to work with willing landowners and have ruled out condemnation.
City officials say they welcome the range of industries that have set up in the city.
City officials say they're being asked for too much money with too little data.
City officials say they're moving in the right direction.
City officials say they're powerless to overturn the state mandate.
City officials say they're trying to get a handle on the problems.
City officials see no end to the growth.
City officials seek The Big Solution to The Big Problem.
City officials seem determined to close down the cafe one way or another.
City officials seem geared up for another tournament.
City officials serve four year terms.
City officials talk about community policing and fighting youth violence.
City officials tell a different story.
City officials tend to agree.
City officials theorize census counters missed some residents in Largo's numerous mobile home parks.
City officials use the opportunity to mingle with residents, especially during an election year.
City officials vow to fight dump.
City officials welcome comments on the piece.
City officials welcome vendors to the river front market.
City officials work closely with business and education leaders to plan community improvements.
City officials work hard to get the public involved.
All city officials are eligible to serve on policy committees.
Every city official understands how the law is slanted against taxpayers.
Many city officials say they are already managing growth.
Most city officials say in statements.
Most city officials see the answer to be local residents.
Some city officials are critical of aspects of the department's convention planning.
Some city officials focus on sanctuaries.
Some city officials say there is more at issue than Constitutional rights.
City ordinance allows for such meetings to be requested.
City ordinance allows twenty days to pay the net amount on the bill.
City ordinance is worded the same as the child state law.
City ordinance prohibits crews from entering private property to remove animals.
City ordinance prohibits pets being walked without a leash or running loose on beach.
City ordinance prohibits riding on sidewalks.
City ordinance prohibits tailgate parties and consumption of alcoholic beverages.
City ordinance prohibits the operation of a business in a residential area.
City ordinance prohibits throwing yard waste in the garbage.
City ordinance requires motor coach engines be turned off while parked anywhere in the city.
City ordinance requires motorcoach engines be turned off when parked anywhere in the city.
City ordinance requires registration of all cats and dogs.
City ordinance requires that all bikes be licensed.
City ordinance requires that garbage areas be in an enclosure.
City ordinance says in Subway Series, the mayor bats cleanup.
City ordinance specifies that a permit be issued when work is to be performed on a structure.
City ordinances allow for fines and criminal penalties for failure to comply.
City ordinances apply except in unincorporated areas of the county.
City ordinances apply, subject to availability.
City ordinances are very clear about disposing of trash from commercial properties.
City ordinances call for fences no taller than six feet without a variance.
City ordinances do require rabies inoculation for cats over six months of age.
City ordinances limit the number of domestic animals to four per household.
City ordinances prohibit alcohol and unleashed dogs in any city parks.
City ordinances prohibit smoking in public spaces.
City ordinances protect native plants and natural open spaces from rapid development.
City ordinances require owners to keep houses painted and in habitable condition.
City ordinances require that all dogs and cats three months of age or older be licensed.
Some city ordinances allow the use of chasing lights, while others demand only static lighting.
City pages provide listings that are within that city's limits.
City Park has a tradition of reaching beyond expectations.
City Park is a short jog away.
City Park is a sunny public park where college students from Model State U hang out.
City Park is also the oldest Appleton park.
City park is located on the north end of town.
City Park is renamed Balboa Park.
City park offers picnic facilities and playground equipment.
City parks appear in many shapes and sizes.
City parks are available throughout town.
City parks are located in cities.
City parks are open from sunrise to sunset unless otherwise posted.
City parks are open from sunrise to sunset.
City parks are open to the public daily.
City parks are parks.
City parks are usually too small or too well kept for collecting many insects.
City parks offer picnicking and outdoor sports including golf, fishing, swimming, and tennis.
City parks offer picnicking, recreational facilities, swimming pool and miniature golf.
City parks offer several swimming pools, athletic complexes, and a rodeo arena.
City parks provide hiking, biking, and cross country ski trails.
City parks provide superb trails for cross-country skiers.
All city parks close at dusk.
All city parks have picnic facilities and playground equipment.
Many city parks have golf courses already set up.
Some city parks have substantial tracts of semi-wild land .
City plan is both a plan and a process.
City plans vary in their effectiveness to serve the needs of the urban population.
City planners agree that school district boundaries have the greatest effect on development.
City planners agree the traffic circles are in fashion.
City planners are now planning more mixed-use neighborhoods than zoning laws usually permit.
City planners begin yet another feasibility study, in lieu of actually doing anything.
City planners beware.
City planners can further the development of new housing communities.
City planners can use it to determine where to put new roads, or farmers to decide when to harvest.
City planners expect more traffic in the future.
City planners expect to see it develop for business and technology and probably some apartments.
City planners have a lot of responsibilities.
City planners hope so.
City planners lack legal authority to decide such a move.
City planners scramble to plan parks and recreation sites.
City planners see the new park as a necessary response to a growing trend.
City planners use topographic data to help locate suitable places for structures or recreation.
A city planning is a planning
City planning are planning.
City planning is a very different problem and requires different men and methods.
City planning is a wide-ranging field that contains a number of specific subareas.
City planning is surely programmatic and policy-oriented and . . .
City planning justifies itself at every point, an America is waking up to it in a wonderful way.
City police are unable to control the crowd.
City police do patrol duty, traffic duty, and detective work.
City police make their sixth moonshine raid in two weeks.
City police refuse request Charleston police refused to provide the documents.
City police say the investigation continues.
City police work with police.
City police work with university police.
City records say there are nine commercial lots in the section being annexed.
City records show that the property changed hands.
City records show they've been very active.
City records substantiate the payment for eight badges.
City roads are in good condition and are on a regular resurfacing schedule.
City scapes bring human and crime into the same scene, therefore giving humans a sense of placement.
City school bans students from playing tag.
City schools check for improvement in hearing when a child gets hearing aids.
City schools continue to provide sub-standard education and experience a high dropout rate.
City schools have a lot more students, a few morebooks, and a room for each grade level.
City schools suffer from far more teacher shortages than suburban or rural districts.
City services are average to almost three of every four people.
City services are complete, dependable and effective.
City services are good and reasonably hassle-free.
City services are local, city hall is close.
City services are solid.
City services are to the property.
City services are underground.
City services including utilities, traffic and street lights appear to be working normally.
City services remain strong.
All city services are available to the site.
Most city services are very good but public transportation is limited.
City sites are most useful for event listings and restaurant reviews.
Many city sites are limited to providing a one-way flow of information from the city to users.
City skylines become instantly identifiable by their shape, detail and texture.
A city slicker is a slicker
City slickers can just lay about and watch everyone work, or they can pitch in.
City statutes prohibit smoking in all elevators regardless of the type of building.
City street walk to park, down to waterfront, back to city streets.
City streets are a world away from a grand furniture showroom.
City streets are closed.
City streets are created by men.
City streets are crowded, colourful and lively.
City streets are hard surfaced.
City streets are subject to severe gridlock, and even country roads can be highly congested.
City streets are totally free of hassle round the clock.
City streets begin to fade away.
City streets can be bumpy in many places, especially in the central areas.
City streets can become rivers in seconds.
City streets have curb cuts.
City streets have less soil with the proper drainage and structure for support of tree roots.
City streets pose other dangers for nesting raptors.
All city streets receive attention twice each year.
Many city streets are laid out in a north-south grid pattern.
Most city streets are created by men.
Most city streets are narrow, rutted dirt paths winding up the sides of the hills.
Some city streets have special bicycle paths.
City supervisors support the plan while town officials oppose it.
CITY towers rise now in the steam of the bubbling caldron, smoky chimney tops and high roof gardens.
City transport includes taxis and buses.
City views are sepia-tone lithographs made from actual photos.
City views complement almost every room.
City water can contain a lot of calcium, which ties up the iron in the soil.
City water can have chlorine in it, which can cause baby boas to regurgitate.
City water has various chemicals added to it to kill off the bacteria, like fluoride.
City water is available nearby.
City water is available on mainland in almost every town.
City water is available.
City water is connected to all buildings and homes as is a modern sewer system.
City water is needed by the closed-loop system only to compensate for evaporation.
City water is obtained from wells.
City water is often unstable.
City water is supplied to residents for only one or two hours a day each morning.
Most city waters have chlorine or chlorine byproducts that can cause problems with young plants.
City zoning permits a senior center on that land by special exception.
A city is a municipality
Cities add sewage sludge and septage waste.
Cities adopt ordinances by a simple majority vote of the city council.
Cities affect rainfall.
Cities allow crime guns.
Cities allow guns.
Cities already experience significant warming.
Cities already play a major role in all our lives, and their growth has been far from a bad thing.
Cities also contribute to non-sustainable development on a global scale.
Cities also experience a wide range of life expectancy based on neighborhood breakdowns.
Cities also get a cut of several state taxes, such as the gasoline tax.
Cities also get their sewers inspected, mapped and cleaned, free of charge, twice a year.
Cities also have a population made up of a particular race.
Cities also have control over the compensation and conditions of employment of their employees.
Cities also have less heat reducing vegetation than rural areas.
Cities also occupy historically strategic key terrain, enhancing their value as military objectives.
Cities also offer a larger variety of foods that can cause heartburn and stomach upset.
Cities also plan for future development and work with the community to determine future growth.
Cities also present special community difficulties.
Cities also produce a lot of air pollution that contributes to climate change.
Cities also receive support.
Cities also remain key in moving ideas.
Cities also speed social transformation.
Cities also tend to be cloudier, rainier, and less humid than their surrounding areas.
Cities also tend to be sectioned into districts.
Cities also tend to be warmer than surrounding natural habitats.
Cities annex land and in the process destroy county planning efforts.
Cities annex land and in the process destroys county planning efforts.
Cities appear in all capital letters.
Cities appear to be divided in regards to the existence of a buffer.
Cities are a booming concern.
Cities are a center of trade and manufacturing, in which they often do business with nearby cities.
Cities are a combination of old and new.
Cities are a lively blend of old and new.
Cities are a mistake.
Cities are abandoned and being reclaimed by nature.
Cities are abominations.
Cities are about contrasts of fast and slow, the ups and downs of people, life and death.
Cities are about people their choices, hopes and dreams.
Cities are also administrative centers, religious centers and centers of trade.
Cities are also crucibles of human misery.
Cities are also forests, roads and concrete jungles.
Cities are also groups of people.
Cities are also legal entities.
Cities are always a wonderful mix of opportunity and limitation.
Cities are always in trouble because they are forced to support urban sprawl.
Cities are always products of the existing technology.
Cities are amazing.
Cities are an abomination.
Cities are appropriate and important subjects for study and scholarly inquiry.
Cities are at a cross-roads.
Cities are at the forefront of a changing America.
Cities are at their wits' end.
Cities are books.
Cities are burning, villages are decaying, no one knows each other any longer.
Cities are but one of the level environments.
Cities are capable of floods.
Cities are centers of civilization, meeting points of ideas and innovation.
Cities are centers of commerce and culture, politics and power.
Cities are cities, worldwide.
Cities are clean and uncongested, and commutes are easy.
Cities are clean.
Cities are clearly central to meeting the goals of sustainable development.
Cities are complex systems requiring special methods of prediction and management.
Cities are continuously under change and redevelopment.
Cities are crowded and noisy and have lots of jobs.
Cities are crowded weekdays, recreation areas jammed on weekends.
Cities are crowded.
Cities are crucibles of development.
Cities are dangerous places and deadly accidents happen every day.
Cities are definitely different environments than rural areas.
Cities are dense areas of population, with large numbers of buildings and facilities.
Cities are different but have much in common.
Cities are distinctly royal and imperial institutions.
Cities are dynamic and evolving places, continuously changing and being redefined.
Cities are dynamic and they do change.
Cities are economic powerhouses.
Cities are engines that drive our country forward, creating local jobs and local growth.
Cities are enormously complex hives of human activity.
Cities are equally impressive.
Cities are excellent places for living.
Cities are exciting, vibrant places, full of fascinating, happening people.
Cities are fascinating laboratories for science.
Cities are for the dogs.
Cities are full of crazy car drivers.
Cities are generally mayor-council with most having city managers.
Cities are generally warmer than the surrounding countryside.
Cities are geographic centres of people, activities and services.
Cities are global communities - Philadelphia is where the world meets.
Cities are grouped into regions , which allow different cities in the same region to be connected .
Cities are grouped into regions, which allow different cities in the same region to be connected.
Cities are groups of people.
Cities are heat sinks so the temperature is warmer there.
Cities are home to a majority of the world's population.
Cities are huge with many encounters.
Cities are in largely in a holding position, however.
Cities are in ruins.
Cities are in the nature of people.
Cities are in trouble, as even the most optimistic urbanite can see.
Cities are in trouble.
Cities are indicated in 'bold'.
Cities are insatiable consumers of resources and profligate producers of pollution.
Cities are large towns.
Cities are larger than ever before and growing in size at an unprecedented rate.
Cities are less likely to be able to prove that their names are trademarked.
Cities are local hot spots that get warmer as their populations increase, a well-known phenomenon.
Cities are located in buses.
Cities are located in counties.
Cities are located in countries.
Cities are located in states.
Cities are located on the globe using latitude and longitude.
Cities are major polluters and users of energy.
Cities are markets.
Cities are Montreal,Ottawa,Toronto,London,Detroit,and Chicago.
Cities are more expensive than small towns and rural areas.
Cities are more important in Europe than countries.
Cities are more than ever where it's happening.
Cities are much better places.
Cities are municipal corporations that operate under charters from the state.
Cities are municipalities.
Cities are no fun.
Cities are no longer strategic points in great areas of unprotected lands.
Cities are now the economic engines of nations.
Cities are obviously population concentrations.
Cities are oddly indestructible.
Cities are often near the mouth of a river.
Cities are often places of evil and dehumanization.
Cities are once again attractive places to live.
Cities are organic.
Cities are our future.
Cities are our past.
Cities are overcrowded, with fewer houses and jobs available.
Cities are overcrowded.
Cities are part of provinces.
Cities are particularly receptive to and instrumental in creative innovation and change.
Cities are people.
Cities are perfect places to begin tracing the complexities of food webs.
Cities are places favoured by a source of income.
Cities are places of buildings and people.
Cities are places of incredible creativity, cultural creation, excitement, and innovation.
Cities are places where a certain energised crowding of people takes place.
Cities are places.
Cities are primarily religious centers, rather than residential.
Cities are really the economic engine.
Cities are relatively new to the human experience.
Cities are responsible for the remaining construction and operating costs.
Cities are responsible for the treatment of the water.
Cities are rife with drug-related criminal gangs that are expanding and becoming more powerful.
Cities are safe, with police kiosks at frequent intervals on street corners.
Cities are self-governing and raise revenue and disperse it and can zone.
Cities are settlements.
Cities are so desperate to keep their teams that they all cave in to the demands.
Cities are so loud.
Cities are some of the noisiest places on Earth.
Cities are spatial entities.
Cities are spread far apart in the region, and it has the lowest population density of the country.
Cities are sprinkled in the genomes in random order, with no attempt at good fitness.
Cities are strange, magnificint, and unnatural things.
Cities are the abyss of the human species.
Cities are the biggest consumers of freshwater, while being the biggest polluters.
Cities are the centers of power and prestige - economic, political and social.
Cities are the centers of the economic-technological system that is rapidly devouring the earth.
Cities are the chief motors of economies.
Cities are the cradle of society and the engines of our economy.
Cities are the dead-center beauty of virtual and real drug dealing.
Cities are the economic, political, social and spiritual centers of each country.
Cities are the great bazaars of our society.
Cities are the main home of small businesses.
Cities are the meeting places of stories.
Cities are the most complex creations of humanity.
Cities are the nearest major city, if reasonable to list it rather than the actual city.
Cities are the place of culture and innovation, mutuality and tolerance.
Cities are the places where ideas meet, synthesize and emerge as practical applications.
Cities are the preferred places for urban growth.
Cities are the root of all evil.
Cities are the seats of power, and every nation-state is a federation of cities at some level.
Cities are the solution.
Cities are the strategic focal points of various sectors and markets, and centres for innovation.
Cities are to be chosen from the list of local histories on the course bibliography.
Cities are to be laid out, ten lots to an acre.
Cities are too crowded.
Cities are totally artificial constructs of human society.
Cities are tougher, especially if inland.
Cities are towns.
Cities are unlivable.
Cities are used for business.
Cities are used for commerce.
Cities are used for people.
Cities are used for protection.
Cities are usually far behind in the building codes.
Cities are usually smaller than a prefecure, such as Tokyo or Osaka.
Cities are usually warmer than the surrounding countryside winter and summer, and day and night.
Cities are very good at maintaining ethnic systems.
Cities are very important .
Cities are very important.
Cities are very rough surfaces and appear generally very bright.
Cities are viable hubs.
Cities are vital.
Cities are wasteful organisms.
Cities are welcome to contribute data for any year that information is available.
Cities are well aware of their social impact when they build data networks.
Cities are Western civilization's largest cultural artifact.
Cities are where people meet.
Cities are where the money is, and city dwellers are clamoring for clean food in growing numbers.
Cities are willing to lure teams with lavish stadiums and economics deals.
Cities are within townships.
Cities are, in many ways, engines of economic growth and social progress.
Cities are, of course, the birthplace of civilization.
Cities bake more intensely under sunny skies than under clouds.
Cities bear the brunt of gun violence.
Cities beautify their urban vistas by dismantling billboards and other visual blights.
Cities become a cacophonous blur of publicists, taxicabs and autograph-seeking lickspittles.
Cities become a series of unrelated elements and unsustainable in social terms.
Cities become centers.
Cities become destinations.
Cities become terrain parks, backyards become backcountry, snowboarders become skaters.
Cities become the focus for prosperity.
Cities begin to be built and there is active coastal trade by canoe.
Cities begin to get terrorized.
Cities belong to the surrounding countryside.
Cities benefit from having cutting-edge infrastructure, and they benefit from competition.
Cities breed disease.
Cities burn as Apes take to the street in protest and in revolt.
Cities burn when damaged and crumble to ashen hulks when razed.
Cities burst into flame.
Cities can adopt codes to prevent construction in areas most susceptible to landslides.
Cities can also augment regular police services with additional officers.
Cities can also evaluate their use of water in parks and around public buildings.
Cities can also help new companies cut moving expenses by rebating a portion of permitting fees.
Cities can also provide emergency services much more quickly than rural settlements.
Cities can also set the direction and tone of police priorities for their community.
Cities can also transform themselves with high technology.
Cities can and do reinvent themselves in a free market.
Cities can be a part of the decision-making process.
Cities can be coincidental, too.
Cities can be green and wonderful.
Cities can be the engines of growth in the new metropolitan economies.
Cities can become more resourceful in both the literal and the figurative senses.
Cities can become their own strategic brokers.
Cities can benefit from such strong, humane, functional focal points.
Cities can cross county boundaries.
Cities can do better, and voters know it.
Cities can even create their own weather when temperatures are hot and conditions are right.
Cities can get air rights over freeways.
Cities can get information for parts of the city as specific as a block area.
Cities can have a strong voice and participate in selecting their personnel.
Cities can have attack plans designed for their specific situation.
Cities can help relieve poverty only by creating opportunity.
Cities can host hundreds of social service organizations.
Cities can levy additional tax with city council approval.
Cities can lower local property insurance rates by upgrading their fire protection systems.
Cities can manage their destiny.
Cities can no longer afford to be inefficient.
Cities can no longer focus on just one element of the economy.
Cities can no longer require CTPs to have a main office in their city.
Cities can only annex territory that is located inside their own extraterritorial jurisdiction.
Cities can program the meters to be as hard-nosed or as lenient as they choose.
Cities can put up barriers against competitors through taxation and regulation.
Cities can regulate prostitution as they see fit.
Cities can serve as centers of employment, growth, and innovation, the report emphasizes.
Cities can serve as centres of employment, growth and innovation, the report emphasizes.
Cities can stop a good deal of the current wastage of water due to over-consumption and leakage.
Cities can support more wildlife than people sometimes realize.
Cities can t survive on the poor.
Cities can tackle many of the risk factors associated with crime.
Cities can then decide whether to roll out insecticide-spraying trucks or to take other precautions.
Cities can treat and recirculate wastewater.
Cities can treat and recycle waste-water and many solid wastes.
Cities can use it to compare costs and to receive more competitive bids.
Cities can use up to one cent of the seven cents usually collected to help the local art scene.
Cities can view a model ordinance on stormwater management.
Cities cause environmental problems, but also hold the key to their reduction and ultimate solution.
Cities cease to offer the strange, the unexpected or the arousing.
Cities change certainly, but whether it is due to the marketing, no one knows.
Cities charge a delivery fee, which covers treatment and transport costs.
Cities charge a fee for issuing a building permit.
Cities circle thy staff, invoking cause.
Cities collapse into piles of brick and shards of glass.
Cities collect and hold heat in buildings, streets and other man-made things.
Cities come in clusters.
Cities commonly have a city council, a police force, a fire department, and other city services.
Cities compete and spend to attract or retain sports arenas.
Cities compete fiercely to attract Southwest.
Cities compete for tourists and industry, and that means finding an edge.
Cities competing for a sports championship usually take pot shots at each other.
Cities condemn buildings, cities demolish buildings and cities have city planners.
Cities conduct trials.
Cities consistently have problems with repair and maintenance of sewerage systems.
Cities constantly remake the landscape to serve the changing needs of their residents.
Cities consume large quantities of energy and produce concentrated pollution.
Cities consume more than they can produce and generate more waste than they can manage.
Cities contain some attribution.
Cities contain streets, which are dangerous and crowded and difficult to park in.
Cities contend the county is in a better position to find alternative space for inmates.
Cities continue to be centers of vital activity where people live and work and play.
Cities continue to be the nation s most exciting laboratories of effective reform.
Cities cope with changing demographics.
Cities cost money.
Cities create a sky glow that's even worse than the full moon.
Cities create artistic excellence by setting up standards to recognize and acclaim it.
Cities create economic vitality.
Cities currently control the location of such housing under local controls such as zoning.
Cities currently generate more than half of national economic activities worldwide.
Cities deal with picking up garbage and plowing streets.
Cities defer to characters when multiple matching trades are possible.
Cities depend on trade, on transportation and economic complexity to assert their importance.
Cities develop around centers that are linked to other centers.
Cities die when they ignore the problems of declining inner centres.
Cities disappear in volcanic upheavals.
Cities do cause a lot of problems, there is no debating that.
Cities Do have ecologies, and they are intertwined with race, class, and political policies.
Cities do have the authority to prepare plans within their city limits and extraterritorial areas.
Cities do inspect plumbing systems that are connected to their public water systems.
Cities do it all the time.
Cities do take a back seat.
Cities dominate over their hinterland and exploit the agrarian society.
Cities donate the organic waste, which is used as fertilizer along Florida highways.
Cities dreamed up by traffic engineers tend to generate .
Cities elect their own mayors and councils.
Cities embody the diversity and energy of human pursuits.
Cities emerge as neighboring groups of people come together.
Cities empty out and email dries up.
Cities encourage citizen involvement.
Cities even decorate the buses with birch leaves to create a sense of nature.
Cities everywhere have problems of homelessness, drugs, violence and unemployment.
Cities evolve organically.
Cities exist and continue to grow because they offer opportunities and the promise of a better life.
Cities exist for a reason, and Timbuktu was no exception.
Cities exist for many different reasons.
Cities exist to deliver additional services to their citizens.
Cities experience expansion.
Cities experience exponential growth.
Cities experience freeze temperature.
Cities experience growth.
Cities experience low population growth.
Cities experience population growth.
Cities experience temperature.
Cities experience tremendous growth.
Cities experience violence.
Cities face many problems associated with the fast growth of heavy traffic.
Cities face sizeable costs to remedy or develop environmentally-impaired properties.
Cities face, therefore, a double challenge.
Cities fall into ruin, suburbs become battlegrounds.
Cities first assess the technical qualifications of potential bidders.
Cities float in and out of vogue, both with scholars and the public at large.
Cities force technological change.
Cities generally have control over their finances.
Cities generate considerable heat.
Cities get a far larger percentage of sales tax revenues than they do of property taxes.
Cities get carpet-bombed.
Cities go back and forth between strict enforcement of laws and a laxer treatment.
Cities go on.
Cities govern humanity's relationship with nature.
Cities grow and change, just as children do.
Cities grow because of their shared fysical infrastructures.
Cities grow quickly.
Cities grow themselves as a great many people do many small things.
Cities grow, at first under episcopal control.
Cities grow, evolve, and decline.
Cities has also a visibility range that increase with their size.
Cities have (part) city centers.
Cities have (part) city centres.
Cities have (part) concrete jungle.
Cities have a choice.
Cities have a fundamental role where such rediscovery is concerned.
Cities have a mix of residential areas, generally good and bad areas very close to each other.
Cities have a particular form, a particular layout.
Cities have a place where they can go and deal with city items like street sweepers, fire trucks.
Cities have a responsibility to the public to afford protection from the hazard of fire.
Cities have a say, but so does the public.
Cities have a slight concern regarding the language about annexations.
Cities have a statutory right to own and run facilities to dispose of their own waste and garbage.
Cities have almost unlimited powers.
Cities have an amazing amount of diversity in plant material.
Cities have art.
Cities have authority to manage the public right of way.
Cities have average temperature.
Cities have average winter temperature.
Cities have buildings.
Cities have central post offices as well as neighborhood branch offices.
Cities have clerks and budget agencies.
Cities have climates.
Cities have current temps.
Cities have democratic majorities.
Cities have different groups.
Cities have eat establishments.
Cities have environments.
Cities have establishments.
Cities have exclusive rights.
Cities have favorable environments.
Cities have feelings too.
Cities have food.
Cities have forms of government that make and enforce laws and provide services for the people.
Cities have growth.
Cities have health boards.
Cities have inhabitants.
Cities have interest.
Cities have jurisdiction on the cost of delivery within their boundaries.
Cities have jurisdiction over some roads.
Cities have large numbers of street children.
Cities have limits.
Cities have little say in addressing resident concerns about group homes.
Cities have lively art.
Cities have long lives.
Cities have lots of pigeons and starlings that are easy prey for the fast-diving falcons.
Cities have majorities.
Cities have many different places to eat and shop.
Cities have many niches to fill.
Cities have many other advantages.
Cities have many powers and tools to influence energy use in their communities.
Cities have markets.
Cities have more of the housing programs.
Cities have no boundries.
Cities have no official powers under the Constitution.
Cities have offices.
Cities have our bodies but our souls are elsewhere.
Cities have parks.
Cities have people from many countries speaking English with accents.
Cities have personalities, their local group souls that attract certain people.
Cities have personalities.
Cities have pets.
Cities have police.
Cities have problems with gangs and teenage alcoholics.
Cities have profound impacts on environment - both deliberate and unintentional.
Cities have resources.
Cities have rights.
Cities have similar authority.
Cities have skyscrapers.
Cities have solid democratic majorities.
Cities have solid majorities.
Cities have storms.
Cities have subways.
Cities have tall buildings.
Cities have temperature.
Cities have temps.
Cities have that effect on people.
Cities have the competencies otherwise granted to both districts and municipalities.
Cities have the highest budget for contractor services.
Cities have the power to finance industrial development by issuing bonds.
Cities have the same authority, but can also condemn for public roads, airports and museums.
Cities have their own success stories to tell.
Cities have to coordinate their municipal planning with their meeting expansion.
Cities have to do their basic jobs right to retain the middle class.
Cities have to learn they can only take water when there is surplus.
Cities have to think about creating interesting urban environments.
Cities have usually little or no experience in event fund raising.
Cities have vacant lots surrounded by fences, filled with wind-blown trash.
Cities have various sizes, and can contain from one to four armies depending on size.
Cities have winter temperature.
Cities have witnesses.
Cities have zoning ordinances and subdivision design standards.
Cities have zoning regulations for adult businesses.
Cities hold heat partly because concrete and pavement absorb sunlight.
Cities hosting most of the tours are in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
Cities include development.
Cities inevitably have an ecological footprint far larger than their political boundaries.
Cities inspire jazz and music with tensions.
Cities is presented as an online learning experience that makes use of many internet resources.
Cities is the first rock and roll jam song of the entire evening.
Cities just have to decide how much they're worth.
Cities just move very, very slowly.
Cities lease parts of towns.
Cities listed are general but are given to provide a more precise location.
Cities listed are the location of the hiring company.
Cities located on alluvial, low-lying coasts are the most affected.
Cities look at producing own electricity.
Cities lose independence.
Cities lose their splendour and remain in ruins.
Cities make life into something that carries a lot of echoes and repetitions and coincidences.
Cities mobilize to improve their schools.
Cities monopolize money, wealth, power and information.
Cities needs sales-tax revenue to survive.
Cities now appear as organisms which feed off of their environment.
Cities now have a big problem because people are making more and more rubbish.
Cities now have the right to create a planning region up to one mile outside of their limits.
Cities now respond differently to animal-related issues.
Cities offer bounties on some monsters.
Cities offer climates.
Cities offer enormous photographic opportunities.
Cities offer food.
Cities offer jobs.
Cities offer potential.
Cities offer services.
Cities operate much better under republics than they do under despotisms.
Cities package people in certain ways.
Cities pass laws making it illegal to hold signs on median strips or to sit on the sidewalks.
Cities pass through a maturation process with regard to their cultural development.
Cities pay for the right to be associated with a team.
Cities pay the installation costs.
Cities perform many functions for the people and the economy.
Cities play an increasingly important part in our lives.
Cities play an increasingly vital role in education, culture, and productivity.
Cities possess several intrinsic characteristics that act to limit the success of urban trees.
Cities possess squirrels.
Cities present special problems in conducting large-scale scientific research.
Cities produce more partisans.
Cities produce sewage and land fills.
Cities produce the goods and people needed to build and maintain armies.
Cities produce very little of their basic needs.
Cities provide a certain anonymity that our scammer needs.
Cities provide a last chance to solve the crisis in representative democracy.
Cities provide a meeting place and a command centre for both economic and cultural activity.
Cities provide a natural locus for economic growth.
Cities provide a wide array of entertainment including cinemas and discotheques.
Cities provide also lot's of cafe's and restaurant's which the social life is structured.
Cities provide assistance.
Cities provide benefits.
Cities provide jobs, housing, transportation and other resources in a relatively small area.
Cities provide opportunities for all citizens.
Cities provide public parks for talks and family gatherings.
Cities provide water and sewer, and the townships provide raw land.
Cities put controls on the size and intensity of all commercial signs.
Cities receive heavy rainfall.
Cities receive rain.
Cities receive rainfall.
Cities receive support if their specific needs match a strength found in Canada.
Cities reclaim their edge.
Cities Reclaim Their Edge.
Cities reflect that.
Cities refuse to allow public interest organizations to hang their banners.
Cities reject very large volumes of potentially useable heat from industrial and other processes.
Cities represent sizable populations, high densities, and considerable heterogeneity of residents.
Cities reveal some change and in a positive direction.
Cities rise up one brick at a time.
Cities rising high, silhouette the sky.
Cities routinely chew up and spit out school superintendents.
Cities run independent of townships.
Cities rush by in gleams of light and shadow.
Cities say in statements.
Cities see parks as free land which has no value.
Cities see roads, sewers, and other infrastructure underused.
Cities see snowfall.
Cities see storm force wind.
Cities see wind.
Cities seem to take on a whole new look at night.
Cities serve important functions in different societies.
Cities share in the revenue.
Cities show regularity in the arrangement of places within the city.
Cities sign five-year deals, revised annually.
Cities sit in the midst of pastoral areas.
Cities sit side by side.
Cities sparkle at holiday time.
Cities spread, farms grow where buffalo once roamed.
Cities still receive short shrift in our political discourse.
Cities Stop by our site to download hundreds of other icon libraries.
Cities suffer from poor air and water quality and high rates of childhood asthma.
Cities suffer the effects of sprawl as well.
Cities supply the appropriate information and the software creates various reports.
Cities surrounded by mountains also experience trapping of pollution.
Cities take on governor's challenge to conserve.
Cities take private property when it is deemed necessary for public works projects.
Cities teem with museums, historical buildings, theatre, music and festivals.
Cities tend to be the focal points of the global economy and the entry points for many invasives.
Cities tend to be warmer than nearby countryside.
Cities tend to be warmer than rural areas.
Cities tend to grow along coastlines and transportation networks.
Cities tend to grow, at different rates.
Cities tend to have a more balanced split.
Cities tend to respond to their potentials more on one side of the river than the other.
Cities tend to use their zoning ordinances to obtain impact fees.
Cities then repay the loaned money with interest, just as a homeowner repays a mortgage.
Cities traditionally rely on sales tax hikes to pay for stadium projects.
Cities typically provide the match for new trees in terms of maintenance and planting costs.
Cities understand the law was designed to promote more and better non-visual access to technology.
Cities use apparatus.
Cities use computers to run traffic lights and dispatch police officers.
Cities use natural resources.
Cities use pipes.
Cities use resources.
Cities use salt.
Cities Use the Internet links below to learn about Cities.
Cities vary from region to region in the world.
Cities vary in their permitting requirements.
Cities vary tremendously on individual line items.
Cities vary widely in their use of DNA testing.
Cities view child care as the most pressing issue for children and families.
Cities visited include Washington, Richmond, Savannah, and Jacksonville.
Cities work for safe neighborhoods.
Cities work in spite of plenitude.
Cities work in the interest of citizens.
Cities work on a very simple principle.
Cities work with the meaningful involvement of the citizens who help to shape a healthy civic life.
Cities worldwide compete daily to engage and attract new residents, businesses and visitors.
City accepts plan to equalize pay for black and white teachers.
City accepts wrong or defective merchandise.
City admit down that cloud or rang leasing toyota tercel.
City adopts first growth management program in Orange County, and one of the first in California.
City again rejects bid for convention rally permit.
City also constructs a water treatment plant.
City also has seven shopping centers.
City also maintains a central collection facility.
City also offers selected free software downloads .
City also searches cities , city's , or cities' .
City annexes more land.
City announces nomination process .
City announces the completion of ocean drive construction.
City arborists .
City are a first class club with first rate fans.
City are a passionate club.
City are blue.
City bares fiesta activities THE fiesta fever prevails once again.
City begins the process to get assistance for snow removal costs.
City begins to charge rent on the park and promises bathrooms in the near future.
City buys plows for snow removal.
City can collect overpayment of wages inadvertently paid firefighters.
City can criminally prosecute individuals for filing knowingly false complaints against police.
City can invite other competition to come in.
City can no longer ask about sexual habits or minor offenses including prior use of marijuana.
City can require firefighter to perform light duties and deny sick pay or pension.
City can retire old promotional list and create new one based on new exams.
City can unilaterally require firefighters and police to increase their pension contributions.
City commits to obtaining any permits required by the project.
City commits to pay for any costs exceeding the approved project cost estimate.
City Confirms More Cases of Encephalitis.
City considers banning rock concerts.
City continue in all electricity while sowed wilson official football jersey.
City continue to look fragile but escaped with a draw from a scrappy game with scrappy goals.
City continues to treat diseased trees.
City contributes to 'building cleanability' design.
City contributes towards a Deferred Compensation Plan for miscellaneous employees.
City deer versus urban deer.
City descend Summer against little dirt over an difference.
City determines most appropriate tree for location.
City digs deep for snow removal Big snow.
City directs contractor to proceed.
City dives into downtown housing business.
City does have zoning ordinance in effect.
City end away-day blues IT WAS just about worth the wait.
City enjoys excellent incident rate.
City equals crime, county equals safety.
City expects block grants, administered through the state, to be wave of future.
City explores the possibility of annexing the Mt. Winery.
City faces some formidable urban problems.
City fails to prove veteran officer qualifies as expert witness.
City features in the top ten for employment.
City Finds all committees whose city starts with the characters entered.
City gets high marks on report from residents.
City gets into real estate with single-family homes.
City gets positive marks.
City go into Spring facing another relegation battle.
City go up on penalties.
City goes explode now.
City grows from five to eight wards.
City guides Extensive information on Tanzania's cities, towns and villages.
City guides Links to information on Kenya's cities and towns.
City guides morph into buying services.
City has a liberal arts curriculum and all students are enrolled in a college preparatory program.
City has a long history of financial stability.
City has a reputation for excellence in professional education.
City has a stake in West Coast energy.
City has an absolute right to intervene, and the trial court had no discretion to condition.
City has an extremely active student union that sponsors clubs, societies, concerts, and parties.
City has every good thing without loss of opposite.
City has exclusive control of public highways.
City has microfilms ofthe papers.
City has no jurisdiction over State roads.
City has other ways to punish cross-burning.
City has the ability to provide services as development thresholds are reached.
City has to be only characters.
City has to have building fixed first of all.
City have a history of replacing managers and lacking stability.
City have a side packed with big-match experience but they are also getting on a bit.
City helps kick off national promotional campaign for after school programs.
City hopping it appears.
City includes area in a neighboring county.
City includes both consolidated city and incorporated places, discussed in places .
City indicates the location of the program or services provided.
City intends to hire a temporary firefighter, to fill a vacancy until next budget year.
City is a character variable, so the dollar sign is used to read it in as such.
City is a college town on a river system with a large army reserve base nearby.
City is a fantastic fucking comic book.
City is a lot different now that the games are over.
City is a mistranslation.
City is an edit box, state a combo box and zip an edit box.
City is an important, but often neglected part of economic models.
City is an inhabited place larger or more important than a town.
City is an innovative and confident institution.
City is at northwestern boundary of forest.
City is calm and quiet.
City is characterized by hilly, mountainous surface.
City is complex.
City is connected to city and country boundaries have little meaning.
City is considered just a hair darker than American.
City is defined at the state level and ,as such, means different things in each state.
City is divided into five wards.
City is divided into four areas, each area is served once each month.
City is excellent for schools, safety, low housing costs, top quality life style.
City is full rapidly filling up.
City is in better shape for economic downtown than in past.
City is in heart of vast area that was once an ancient sea.
City is in the top ten per cent of universities for graduate employment.
City is mentioned as a poor example.
City is no longer there but is now Tampa, Florida.
City is notified when indicated participation level is reached.
City is optional .
City is optional.
City is perceived by vendors to be unfair in awarding contracts.
City is port of P'ot'i.
City is quarantined.
City is required.
City is still the same.
City is that perfect album just to enhance that moment.
City is the first university to introduce an undergraduate degree aimed solely at ab-initio pilots.
City is the older name for the type.
City is the only mandatory field.
City is the place of man .
City is the venue for scientific conferences and world congresses.
City is where the participant lives.
City isa municipality.
City joins nation in recognizing volunteers.
City kittens ready for adoption.
City lacks foresight for traffic mess.
City leaks talks to press so museum says all bets are off.
City lies on a seashore of natural beauty.
City Limits Back to the graphics version.
City listed is hometown of wrestler.
City living One such area can be the Central Area.
City living today offers children and families at least as many challenges as it does opportunities.
City maintains around the pond.
City Make the city from felt or fast-drying clay.
City makes available environmental testing and clean up matching grants.
City makes repairs to riverbank.
City makes some popular brands for western Wisconsin and Minnesota markets.
City means the City of Austin, Texas, a municipal corporation.
City means the City of Myrtle Beach.
City means the City of Urbana, Illinois.
City means the City of Urbana.
City needs a more proactive approach to open space identification, protection and management.
City needs more right of way acquisition time.
City needs to adopt more stringent policies.
City needs to be certified.
City needs to buy time to explore solutions.
City now appeals.
City obtains court injunction to keep union from staging demonstrations or picketing.
City occupies three sides of a square, which gives it a campus-like feeling.
City offers a free composting and recycling program.
City offers free summer courses, as part of taster sessions for students.
City offers tree inspections for pine beetles.
City opens barracks- style shelters for homeless.
City owes a duty of reasonable care to business invitees and their property.
City owned and free, it is accessible by private boat only.
City owns and operate the sewer plant.
City packs a punch Austin is recognized as one of the country's leading areas for high technology.
City park up the street.
City pays .
City pays cost.
City pays employee s PERS contribution .
City pays employees contribution.
City pays entire cost of premium.
City pays for capital cost of construction and modernization.
City pays for moving and setting up on site.
City pays group life insurance for all regular employees.
City pays tuition and books for qualified college courses.
City pitches in with services to supplement police and community efforts.
City plans to annex surrounding areas to the city.
City plans to enlist are good news.
City plans to install gun lockers .
City prepares to remove artwork.
City prides itself on being an alternative school which recognizes the special rights of students.
City profiles USA .
City provides and contributes the monthly premium for term life insurance.
City provides and contributes the monthly premium for vision care for employee and dependents.
City provides and contributes the monthly premium for vision care for the employee and dependents.
City provides first space alien parking permit.
City provides HPIP down payment grant at the loan closing.
City provides, and contributes the monthly premium for, vision care for employee and dependents.
City purchases additional ground on west side of the cemetery for additional burial space.
City receives financial award.
City receives insurance refund.
City receives state grant.
City recognizes that downtown trails contribute to city's allure and economic prosperity.
City refers to Benton City, Washington.
City releases preliminary estimate on costs from civil unrest.
City relegates it to obscure location at race track.
City represents what city the station was built for.
City resides in the Mountain Time Zone.
City retains all concession rights.
City rooftops, for example, serve the same purpose.
City say they'll make a decision as soon as possible.
City says it is zoned for a legal rentable second dwelling.
City says it is zoned for a legal second dwelling.
City says possible to split into two lots.
City says sewer available.
City says 'smile' to stoplight runners.
City score first.
City seeks opinions on traffic issues.
City seems so cramped and so dreary with toil and care and business anxieties.
City seems to be favoring developers.
City sells itself short on vision for future.
City sounds - Pittsburgh's music resource for fans, bands and advertisers .
City stand absolutely no chance.
City stays, hotel reservations and all travel related services.
City subsidizes most of the cost for benefit-eligible employees.
City subsidizes over-sizing necessary for future use.
City subsidizes stadium parking.
City tours The best travel guide around.
City uses employees performance measures.
City uses teens to crack down on cigarette sales to minors.
City wants at least equal say.
City wants blacks back.
City wins civil rights suit of firefighter over time-off for religious holidays.
City wins countersuit for vehicle damage while successfully defending wrongful death claim.
Cities always have full-time, professional firemen.
Cities always have insects, rats, pigeons, crows, etc.
Cities always provide public parks.
Cities always provide trash pick-up.
City always seems to be getting better.
Cities frequently treat their water to far higher standards than provincial or federal guidelines.
Cities often donate land as part of their redevelopment programs.
Cities often form around centers of transportation.
Cities often have a diverse and multicultural population.
Cities often identify themselves by their neighborhoods.
Cities often implement standards higher than the above ratio.
Cities often participate by arranging free dump days or curbside pickups.
Cities often seem sinkholes of consumption and a degraded ecology.
Cities often set up pesthouses during epidemics in abandoned buildings on the outskirts of town.
Cities often try to reach their young populations through library programs.
Cities usually contribute to improved living standards.
Cities usually grow where there is industry, and from industry develops infrastructure.
Cities usually have some public transportation, like a subway or bus system.
Cities usually have two or three zones to provide for different types of commercial uses.
Cities usually have zoos, and can provide natural fertilizers.
Cities usually spring up around water sources in the desert.
All cities are alike.
All cities are geological.
All cities are in Missouri unless otherwise noted.
All cities are in Moravia.
All cities are in New York State unless otherwise noted.
All cities are mad, but the madness is gallant.
All cities are places in time.
All cities are real and do exist in the state.
All cities are under construction.
All Cities can take up to five minutes.
All cities exercise some form of control over the use of the land within their borders.
All cities grow somewhat haphazardly, and Camden is no exception.
All cities have different cost of living standards.
All cities have drug sales solicitors.
All cities have governance and decency laws to deal with sloppy home owners.
All cities have grants.
All cities have laws against raising livestock within the city limits.
All cities have municipal water and wastewater treatment capacity available for industrial growth.
All cities have or are near an international airport.
All cities have problems, though they are often unacknowledged.
All cities have resident pigeons to some extent.
All cities have taxi service.
All cities have their dark side, but few, like Sydney, had their darkest moments at birth.
All cities have their elections at the same time.
All cities have their own policies and regulations pertaining to bicycle use.
All cities have to deal with trash.
All cities lucky enough to have a Rio to enjoy.
All cities now receive the faster service.
All cities struggle with the problems of homelessness.
Any city can certainly use a professional manager to provide the daily services the citizens want.
Any city has an enormous impact on the region around it in dozens of ways.
Any city has many stories to tell.
Any city has to think about how it can be a unique, interesting experience.
Any city is a large collection of potential stressors.
Any city is confronted with the issue of stagnating or declining revenue with increasing services.
Any city listed above that has a CD-ROM available, also can be printed out on a large scale.
Any city looks different when viewed through the windows of a luxury hotel.
Every city claims that it is the city of homes.
Every city considers growth a sign of health and prosperity.
Every city contains virtually the whole spectrum of Christian churches.
Every city gets the detective it deserves.
Every city gets the grand old man of letters it deserves.
Every city has a couple of great pilot programs, but they never get spread around.
Every city has a destiny, good or bad.
Every city has a different challenge, a different series of interests.
Every city has a different way of doing things, and a different hierarchy of rule.
Every city has a flea market while every small town or village sells cows, horses, pigs, etc.
Every city has a garbage dump.
Every city has a grand hotel.
Every city has a heart.
Every city has a history to tell, and it's so important.
Every city has a neighborhood that s a locus for cutting-edge art and culture.
Every city has a network of paths.
Every city has a park, or two, or more.
Every city has a special place to shop.
Every city has a story to tell.
Every city has a thousand stories.
Every city has a writer's club.
Every city has an inventor's organization.
Every city has an oasis, and with water included, Carlsbad is no exception.
Every city has attractions and outdoor activities that make it a great place to visit.
Every city has buildings and structure which are regards as symbols of the city.
Every city has bus service and inter-city is quite good.
Every city has different requirements for which building projects require building permits.
Every city has distinctive features that create it unique identity.
Every city has good fans and bad fans.
Every city has hidden restaurants.
Every city has it's political dynamic.
Every city has more than several small langos bakeries.
Every city has one - the local animal shelter.
Every city has one or two daily newspapers.
Every city has one.
Every city has parents who are agonizing over the problems of their youth.
Every city has problems.
Every city has professional teams as well as amateur squads.
Every city has several service providers offering dial-up connections.
Every city has several Thai restaurants which usually have non-thai clientele.
Every city has soldiers but they also have one or two other classes.
Every city has some green pocket that for whatever reason, was impossible to develop.
Every city has some scandal, infamous people and secrets to hide.
Every city has some sort of support.
Every city has something worth doing.
Every city has temp agencies that offer assignments ranging from one day to several months.
Every city has to maintain a war junk.
Every city has unique artists and foods that are indigenous to that area.
Every city is a potential campaign setting and receives attention.
Every city is connected to other cities by a range of transportation routes.
Every city is cut off by land to do anything for another.
Every city is different and the energy of each is unique.
Every city is different.
Every city is divided into four equal parts, and in the middle of each there is a market-place.
Every city is every city.
Every city is loaded with scam artists looking for ways to exploit kids.
Every city is surrounded by troops or tanks or heavy artillery.
Every city is unique and the residents seem to enjoy a peaceful, tranquil environment.
Every city is unique.
Every city needs a couple of special projects.
Every city needs a cozy local park in which to walk, jog, or feed the ducks.
Every city needs a few superheroes.
Every city needs a revival - the problems are critical all across our nation.
Every city needs an airport, away from crowded 'residential' areas.
Every city needs at least one skyscraper that epitomizes the glass, steel, and stone equation.
Every city needs business to have a city.
Every city needs gutters.
Every city needs parking.
Every city needs their paramedics and firefighters.
Every city needs to improve.
Every city now is a prison.
Every city offers a cautionary tale.
Every city wants to attract high-paying technology businesses and jobs.
Many cities add fluoride to the public water supply to help protect teeth from decay.
Many cities adopt regulations which require the antennae to be disguised or camouflaged.
Many cities advise against using unsanctioned transportation, such as unlicensed limousines.
Many cities allow same-sex couples to register as domestic partners.
Many cities already face critical water shortages and high costs of supply.
Many cities already have outstanding summer programs of recreation and education.
Many cities also encourage backyard composting by providing low cost compost bins to residences.
Many cities also have directories of licensed day care providers.
Many cities also have historic preservation departments.
Many cities also have mental health hot lines or suicide hotlines that are listed in the phone book.
Many cities also have reasonable metered parking, either on-street or in separate lots.
Many cities also have road information on their web sites.
Many cities also have specialized business publications.
Many cities also offer reduced licensing fees for owners of spayed and neutered pets.
Many cities are members of the trust and each city is evaluated based on risk and claim history.
Many cities are no longer efficient places for production, commerce and employment.
Many cities are overcrowded.
Many cities are unable to make significant investments in their urban forest resources.
Many cities are under martial law due to confrontation between police and revolutionaries.
Many cities ban bikes from their downtown sidewalks.
Many cities charge an initial fee for the street vacation application.
Many cities combine recreation information and city news into a quarterly publication.
Many cities confine fire services to within their own city limits.
Many cities continue to be planned for automible transportation.
Many cities currently use surface water instead of wells for drinking water.
Many cities depend heavily on water from transboundary rivers.
Many cities do.
Many cities employ urban foresters to manage the forests within their borders.
Many cities enact curfews even without a statistical increase in juvenile crime.
Many cities encounter multi-county tax scenarios.
Many cities fail to meet air-quality standards even with improved pollution controls.
Many cities grow into expensive communities.
Many cities have a community greenhouse open to the public.
Many cities have a computerized way for emergency personnel in the field to access the map.
Many cities have a disproportionate number of poor people.
Many cities have a dominant geographic characteristic.
Many cities have a parade.
Many cities have a population pushing half a million.
Many cities have air ambulances.
Many cities have artesian wells in parks and other public places.
Many cities have bike paths that pass through their most scenic areas.
Many cities have bike rides or marathons of some sort.
Many cities have black police chiefs and diverse forces.
Many cities have bus services.
Many cities have companies that provide tours.
Many cities have confusing signs and one way streets.
Many cities have doctors who specifically treat the homeless.
Many cities have existing boundary or annexation agreement with contiguous cities.
Many cities have free legal clinics or similar services.
Many cities have full-time manhole sealing programs.
Many cities have gay and lesbian newspapers which list events.
Many cities have good programs to spay and neuter strays.
Many cities have high-volume auto spray paint dealers.
Many cities have housing codes to insure such standards are respected.
Many cities have Japanese cultural centers.
Many cities have larger facilities.
Many cities have local laws requiring children of different races to attend different schools.
Many cities have low vision centers and eye doctors who specialize in low vision.
Many cities have meal programs.
Many cities have more than one train station.
Many cities have multiple access numbers.
Many cities have multiple airports with various airlines.
Many cities have multiple telephone numbers, each for a different speed.
Many cities have neighborhood associations, some for up to a hundred years.
Many cities have official photographers.
Many cities have only a few years' worth of landfill space remaining.
Many cities have outreach programs targeting various ethnic groups.
Many cities have parks with paths and sidewalks designated for endurance activities.
Many cities have restaurants that are known for their desserts.
Many cities have several train stations.
Many cities have shelters for victims of domestic-violence related crimes.
Many cities have similar policies, but removal of a commissioner is rare.
Many cities have some form of mosquito abatement program.
Many cities have street performers who play instruments - a saxophone, maybe.
Many cities have streets named after presidents of the United States.
Many cities have such laws as part of their zoning codes.
Many cities have surpluses equal to or greater than their annual budgets.
Many cities have teams or organizations that sponsor slams either weekly, bi weekly or monthly.
Many cities have tens of thousands of families on waiting lists for child care assistance.
Many cities have their own animal services or animal control.
Many cities have their own fire department.
Many cities have their own historical society or senior center.
Many cities have their own summer recreation and public ice skating rinks.
Many cities have to support and maintain their own softball and baseball fields.
Many cities have training kennels where serious dog enthusiasts attend.
Many cities have volunteer centers that provide information and referral services.
Many cities hold parades.
Many cities host hundreds of social service organizations.
Many cities keep their vehicles longer, however.
Many cities lack adequate housing, clean drinking water, and public transportation.
Many cities now add flouride to the water.
Many cities now have chronic pain support groups.
Many cities now have departments that work to control air and water pollution.
Many cities now have listening devices in neighborhoods, as well as video cameras.
Many cities now have populations and economies larger than many countries.
Many cities now have support groups, which are invaluable to a large number of patients.
Many cities now have tree committees that decide which trees can be taken down.
Many cities now have web sites.
Many cities now impose an income tax as well.
Many cities now recognize dwarf goats as pets according to zoning laws.
Many cities offer community classes on budgeting.
Many cities offer instruction in skills.
Many cities offer sightseeing tours by bus at a reasonable cost.
Many cities only have one sonet ring.
Many cities operate traffic bureaus or municipal court systems.
Many cities operate waste collection programs to prevent improper disposal of hazardous substances.
Many cities outlaw skating on streets.
Many cities pay for fire protection through general revenues and bond funds.
Many cities plan to open their emergency operations centers on New Year's Eve.
Many cities produce and sell thermal dried biosolids as an organic additive to fertilizer.
Many cities prohibit signage altogether.
Many cities provide their codes online.
Many cities regularly conduct such studies.
Many cities rely on temperament-based legislation.
Many cities report contracting for a large number of services.
Many cities report lack of parental intervention as the chief reason for repeat curfew offenses .
Many cities report that welfare reform has had a negative impact on hunger and homelessness.
Many cities require an inspection when a house is sold to ensure a minimal level of safety.
Many cities require permits for boxes.
Many cities require permits for certain depths of digging.
Many cities require skaters to raise the funds to build their skatepark.
Many cities require that a photographer obtain permits before shooting in their jurisdictions.
Many cities seem to be named in a romantic mood.
Many cities seem to regard their new light rail systems as gifts from Washington.
Many cities sell, at a good profit, the privilege of reclaiming anything of value.
Many cities share the same radio codes, but some have unique codes.
Many cities shuttle people between downtown and convention centers.
Many cities simply prohibit new cab companies from starting up.
Many cities still have such maps produced today.
Many cities support multiple local access numbers Two options.
Many cities support professional orchestras, although funding in some locations has diminished.
Many cities take certification into consideration during yearly evaluations.
Many cities use chlorine to treat contaminated water.
Many cities use every drop of water available locally.
Many cities use extensive camera systems to assist as an after the fact investigative tool.
Many cities use option one because it is easier and quicker.
Many cities view the Internet as a solution to their clogged highways and fouled air.
More cities are also available.
More cities are to follow soon.
More City links The City of Columbia website.
Most cities add tiny amounts of fluoride to their water.
Most cities affect rainfall.
Most cities allow crime guns.
Most cities allow guns.
Most cities already have ambitious plans for redevelopment and the eyesores continue.
Most cities also have a committee on the employment of persons with disabilities.
Most cities also have difficulty finding enough good principals.
Most cities are alike, some are bigger than others, but they all look alike.
Most cities are close to ski resorts.
Most cities are happy with one river, but Pittsburgh is blessed with three.
Most cities are in the midst of a seller s market and good timing can translate into big dollars.
Most cities are on the banks of the river.
Most cities are somewhere in between, with the average site in the low middle.
Most cities are under increasing pressure from the dispersing effect of technology and the car.
Most cities are warmer than surrounding rural areas.
Most cities ban scooters on downtown sidewalks.
Most cities become centers.
Most cities become destinations.
Most cities become what they are due to their physical location.
Most cities buy or sell one or more common trade goods, such as wool, beans or pipeweed.
Most cities can provide both plastic and laser cutting.
Most cities charge franchise fees to utilities operating within their jurisdiction.
Most cities claim to be broke.
Most cities conduct a council meeting twice a month.
Most cities conduct trials.
Most cities date back decades, European settlement goes back only hundreds of years.
Most cities experience exponential growth.
Most cities experience freeze temperature.
Most cities experience low population growth.
Most cities experience population growth.
Most cities experience temperature.
Most cities experience tremendous growth.
Most cities find that there is actually little effect, yet environmentalists love light rail.
Most cities have a bicycle advisory committee that meets regularly to discuss bicycle issues.
Most cities have a cheap and efficient public transport system.
Most cities have a clearinghouse for volunteer activities.
Most cities have a code of conduct that prohibit employee's from stepping beyond their authority.
Most cities have a free newspaper that publicizes regional events, people, and attractions.
Most cities have a hazardous materials waste disposal procedure for pesticides.
Most cities have a homepage that lists attractions that they have to offer.
Most cities have a local cellular service that is available to our users.
Most cities have a municipal court, with one or more judges.
Most cities have a plethora of small, sometimes free, community newspapers.
Most cities have a small theater that plays foreign or limited-run films.
Most cities have a special phone number that people can use when an emergency happens.
Most cities have a superstar or two in their history.
Most cities have a terminal terrestre where buses from different cooperatives gather.
Most cities have a transport model for planning of policies.
Most cities have about a three- day supply of water, but when that is gone, they depend on pumps.
Most cities have amateur astronomy clubs that meet on a regular basis and often host star parties .
Most cities have animal control officers or veterinarians with emergency on-call services.
Most cities have art.
Most cities have at least a quarter of area vacant or underutilized.
Most cities have at least one hospital with a medical library that is available to the public.
Most cities have at least one late night where shops are open later.
Most cities have average temperature.
Most cities have average winter temperature.
Most cities have both groups.
Most cities have buildings.
Most cities have bus systems.
Most cities have chloramine in their tap water.
Most cities have climates.
Most cities have current temps.
Most cities have democratic majorities.
Most cities have distinctive areas or zones of land use.
Most cities have enough space to abandon the mills and build usable structures elsewhere.
Most cities have environments.
Most cities have establishments.
Most cities have exclusive rights.
Most cities have extensive bus services.
Most cities have favorable environments.
Most cities have fluoride in their water supply.
Most cities have food.
Most cities have free dental as well as health programs.
Most cities have grass, trees, cement, and buildings.
Most cities have growth.
Most cities have home education associations that families can join.
Most cities have however multiple access points with various pricing.
Most cities have indoor climbing walls.
Most cities have inhabitants.
Most cities have intensive academic tutoring programs.
Most cities have interest.
Most cities have large areas with very poor planning.
Most cities have limits.
Most cities have lively art.
Most cities have local access numbers.
Most cities have majorities.
Most cities have markets.
Most cities have meetings once a month.
Most cities have morning local TV and radio shows as well as daily newspapers and local magazines.
Most cities have multiple current conditions locations.
Most cities have no computer production.
Most cities have offices.
Most cities have old cemeteries with locally recognized names on headstones.
Most cities have one and they all have an information and referral person.
Most cities have one hero.
Most cities have one website.
Most cities have only one newspaper.
Most cities have ordinances against skateboarding in certain or all areas of the city.
Most cities have ordinances that prohibit setting fires in public places.
Most cities have parking enforcement to keep traffic moving.
Most cities have parks.
Most cities have pets.
Most cities have police.
Most cities have public drinking fountains from which it is safe to drink.
Most cities have public parks.
Most cities have radio promotions prior to the show for chances to win free tickets.
Most cities have regulations or ordinances governing the operation of tow trucks.
Most cities have resources.
Most cities have rights.
Most cities have separate markets for the two.
Most cities have several smaller airports used exclusively by private aircraft.
Most cities have ski clubs that organize weekend trips.
Most cities have solid democratic majorities.
Most cities have solid majorities.
Most cities have some form of mass transit, some even have special lanes carpools or vanpools.
Most cities have some such service.
Most cities have storms.
Most cities have suicide prevention centers and crisis hotlines that can be found in the phone book.
Most cities have support groups for parents.
Most cities have temperature.
Most cities have temps.
Most cities have their own safety problems and Mexico is no different.
Most cities have two or three bureaus.
Most cities have very strict dinosaur leash laws.
Most cities have visible aspects of all three models and are therefore composite .
Most cities have winter temperature.
Most cities have witnesses.
Most cities hold rallies to raise awareness of environmental issues.
Most cities however have community services that run on a sliding scale.
Most cities lack staff with the necessary technical expertise to evaluate consultants' work.
Most cities lies in ruins, and many are dead.
Most cities look better at night.
Most cities maintain a suicide hotline or crisis hotline.
Most cities meet their needs for water by withdrawing it from the nearest river, lake or reservoir.
Most cities now have programs - and hire risk manager.
Most cities now require that trash be separated in a number of ways.
Most cities offer a free business listing to local businesses.
Most cities offer climates.
Most cities offer curbside recycling services and public recycling receptacles.
Most cities offer food.
Most cities offer jobs.
Most cities offer potential.
Most cities offer services.
Most cities offer several laboratory services.
Most cities offer weekly and monthly passes which can be used on subways and buses.
Most cities only have one.
Most cities possess squirrels.
Most cities provide assistance.
Most cities provide benefits.
Most cities provide only very basic information about the city.
Most cities receive heavy rainfall.
Most cities receive rain.
Most cities receive rainfall.
Most cities regulate taxis, usually limiting the number of licenses issued and setting rates.
Most cities require a convention headquarters hotel to market their convention center successfully.
Most cities require alarm users to obtain alarm permits.
Most cities require cabs to have licenses.
Most cities require performers to carry a permit.
Most cities require permits and licenses.
Most cities require some type of certification for employment.
Most cities require the basement to follow the footprint, or outline, of the house.
Most cities routinely finance the development of their municipal infrastructure through such bonds.
Most cities say in statements.
Most cities see snowfall.
Most cities see storm force wind.
Most cities see wind.
Most cities sell their reclaimed water at a loss.
Most cities show similar patterns for homicide and for robbery rates.
Most cities tax personal as well as real property.
Most cities throw up a few fountains and consider it a rejuvenation for the soul.
Most cities treat their water supply with chlorine.
Most cities use apparatus.
Most cities use ground water, but most large cities depend mainly on surface water sources.
Most cities use natural resources.
Most cities use outside service to collect.
Most cities use pipes.
Most cities use resources.
Most cities use salt.
Most cities use surveillance techniques after a disease outbreak.
Most city directories for New York City are available on microfilm.
Some cities actually use wetlands as part of their sewage treatment system.
Some cities already emphasize their natural attractions.
Some cities already have experience coordinating transportation and development.
Some cities already have ways to snag a share of major league athletes' high earnings.
Some cities also have pooper-scooper laws.
Some cities also hire archaeologists to handle local ordinances protecting archaeological sites.
Some cities also impose use tax.
Some cities also require a sticker.
Some cities also require an additional permit if the deceased is to be cremated.
Some cities are better for cruising than others.
Some cities are bilingual.
Some cities are bitter and cold.
Some cities are cloudier than Seattle.
Some cities are different from others, but that is the general statement all over the country.
Some cities are independent of county.
Some cities are just updated with their new name.
Some cities are justifiably proud of being the home of one major academic health science center.
Some cities are like country clubs.
Some cities are more or less already finished.
Some cities are near rivers.
Some cities are notoriously expensive.
Some cities are now so large and built-up that they are actually changing the local climate.
Some cities are part of the Area Calling Plan.
Some cities are pretty nice.
Some cities are reporting almost one of every four children under age six is poisoned by lead.
Some cities are surrounded by canals and water is recharged in that way.
Some cities are too wicked to be suffered.
Some cities are very welcoming.
Some cities are wealthier than others and better able to run their own affairs.
Some cities become empires.
Some cities become homes.
Some cities bury their records.
Some cities call it retowning, others call it out-towning.
Some cities can capture our imagination by the mere sound of their names.
Some cities can hear only one commercial broadcaster's stations across the whole band.
Some cities cheat death by cutting taxes and improving services.
Some cities choose to resist the 'irresistible' and reap the rewards.
Some cities deliver what they promise, others disappoint.
Some cities depend almost wholly on farm inspection to insure the purity of their milk supply.
Some cities do both.
Some cities do it all themselves.
Some cities do it by the space.
Some cities do their own testing.
Some cities don t have any monthly rainfall averages listed.
Some cities donate bicycles to Cambodia.
Some cities employ staff to cook lunch at each school.
Some cities employ thousands of firefighters, while other cities hire only a few.
Some cities encourage or allow decentralized modes of payment.
Some cities even add their own taxes as well.
Some cities even export surpluses abroad.
Some cities even have job-related sites that specifically serve their web communities.
Some cities file plans and then apparently violate their provisions.
Some cities file plans that are half-hearted.
Some cities grow within the bounds of their topography.
Some cities have a brochure request form for on line ordering.
Some cities have a government separate from the municipality.
Some cities have a police review board.
Some cities have a rule that bans loud noises in parks, in places where people live.
Some cities have a website that posts city codes and other public information.
Some cities have active film groups.
Some Cities have addresses of their chamber of commerce offices on the Internet.
Some cities have armies.
Some cities have as many as a hundred slum areas.
Some cities have biblical names.
Some cities have bike paths that are completely closed to motorized travel.
Some cities have bisexual organizations.
Some cities have black squirrels which most people can identify, well most people.
Some cities have book exchanges at used bookstores.
Some cities have buildings that are shorter and simpler than others, that's all.
Some cities have coin or card operated street terminals for Internet access.
Some cities have conservation.
Some cities have debt tied to future sales tax revenue.
Some cities have dentists who specialize in children's teeth.
Some cities have different standards than nearby areas.
Some cities have enough CABs to keep an activist out of the bars every weeknight.
Some cities have enough members that it's practical and fun to organize munches.
Some cities have famous spaces that are treasured by tourists and locals alike.
Some cities have fox squirrels.
Some cities have good information here.
Some cities have groups of pickpockets that use various gimmicks to distract their victims.
Some cities have historic gems.
Some cities have holes.
Some cities have hundreds of such places.
Some cities have job-related Web sites that specifically serve the Web community.
Some cities have lakes.
Some cities have larger populations that are aging.
Some cities have late-night or midnight movies.
Some cities have lawyers who regularly handle debt collection harassment cases.
Some cities have legal obligation.
Some cities have liability policies which can be extended to library board members.
Some cities have lifeguards.
Some cities have logos .
Some cities have logos.
Some cities have mandatory garbage pickup.
Some cities have more than one center.
Some cities have more than one directory per year, published by different companies.
Some cities have more than one library.
Some cities have more than one show a year.
Some cities have more than one trustee.
Some cities have more than one, but the company keeps only one in Tampa.
Some cities have multiple sites.
Some cities have municipal power systems.
Some cities have no code enforcement and rely on the state to do it.
Some cities have non-landed groups that rent facilities such as swimming pools.
Some cities have obligation.
Some cities have on-line registration, contact the city for information.
Some cities have ordinances that limit some towing fees inside the city.
Some cities have parades and community picnics.
Some cities have peak hour restrictions for bicycles.
Some cities have per-minute toll charges for calls outside a surprisingly small radius.
Some cities have pools.
Some cities have real estate representatives to assist local departments to relocate or build.
Some cities have resource conservation.
Some cities have several airports.
Some cities have short freeways that get a three-digit number .
Some cities have short freeways that get a three-digit number.
Some cities have sites.
Some cities have small areas where graffiti can be made.
Some cities have soldiers.
Some cities have sources.
Some cities have special programs to handle dog complaints.
Some cities have their own police departments.
Some cities have two teams, there are several in London.
Some cities have voting machines on which the voter pushes down a lever for each vote.
Some cities have web sites.
Some cities hold parades.
Some cities immediately fax proposed changes to the affected neighborhood association.
Some cities levy a city income tax.
Some cities limit rent increases.
Some cities limit speakers to three minutes.
Some cities make decisions in study session.
Some cities manage hospitals, and others operate airports.
Some cities negotiate agreements with non-profit institutions for payments in lieu of taxes.
Some cities never sleep.
Some cities now allow legalized ''granny units'' or secondary apartments.
Some cities now have homeless shelters especially for families.
Some cities now require a construction permit to keep a POD for extended periods.
Some cities now use electric buses, while some companies run EVs as their company cars.
Some cities offer attractive rebates.
Some cities offer discounts for disabled and the elderly.
Some cities offer late-night shopping on certain weekdays.
Some cities offer tax-breaks for homeowners using xeriscape management techniques.
Some cities offer wheelchair-adapted buses .
Some cities possess snails.
Some cities possess starlings.
Some cities post signs in prominent places.
Some cities prohibit tree topping in order to maintain trees in good health and a safe condition.
Some cities provide a stipend in addition to the officer's salary.
Some cities provide air-conditioned areas for their elderly citizens during heat waves.
Some cities provide block grants and sales tax abatements.
Some cities provide curbside collection along with trash service.
Some cities provide each new member with a handbook that explains policies and procedures.
Some cities provide free or reduced cost rides on public transportation on ozone alert days.
Some cities provide large containers and other pick ups.
Some cities provide large containers and other pick-ups.
Some cities provide parking lots especially for motorhomes.
Some cities provide safety.
Some cities rank high in both categories, others rank low.
Some cities receive snow.
Some cities reflect the essence of the culture at whose focus it lies.
Some cities release doves.
Some cities rely on their local planning commissions for economic development planning.
Some cities rely on word of mouth or mailing lists.
Some cities rely on word of mouth or on mailing lists.
Some cities remain on accident alert.
Some cities remain skeptical because they see the study diverting money from other needed projects.
Some cities require a permit when replacing windows.
Some cities require an additional step called tertiary treatment.
Some cities require an inspection upon the sale of any residential property.
Some cities require cellular towers to be cloaked to look like trees.
Some cities require helmets for all.
Some cities require incorporation to conduct business publicly.
Some cities require minimum work calls of four or eight hours.
Some cities require that all new businesses get a zoning compliance permit before they open.
Some cities require that smoke detectors be checked on an annual basis.
Some cities require that the youth raise some or all of the funds for the park.
Some cities require the contractor to obtain the permit.
Some cities restrict water use for landscaping, washing cars, and other non-essential uses.
Some cities sell discount tickets for public transportation.
Some cities simply cap the size of contributions.
Some cities still bear the scars of the great war.
Some cities use an exchange ordinance to diminish visual blight.
Some cities use bags and others use bins.
Some cities use tax dollars and others use city funds.
Some cities use the natural filtration systems of marshes to help process human waste.
Some cities widen their roads to accomodate more traffic.
Some cities work on Super Bowls and some work on softball tournaments.
Some cities wouldn t tolerate any kind of magic performer.
A cityscape is a viewpoint
Cityscape prints Prints depicting cities or towns.
Cityscapes also make good subjects.
Cityscapes are paintings.
Cityscapes are points of view.
Cityscapes are verboten .
Cityscapes pulse with action.
Citywide schools fall into several categories.
A civet cat is a procyonid
Civet cat skins.
Civet poop is very aromatic.
A civet is a carnivore
Civet finds a steady market, London alone importing some twenty thousand ounces annually.
Civet glands Certain carnivores have repellant glands opening into the rectum just inside the anus.
Civet is similar to musk, but is used only to stimulate or strengthen other perfumes.
Civet isa mammal.
Civets also eat small vertebrates, insects, ripe fruits and seeds.
Civets also have other scent glands.
Civets also have short limbs and non-retractable claws.
Civets are mostly nocturnal carnivores that are native to the tropical forest of Africa and Asia.
Civets are rather docile in behaviour.
Civets are somewhat cat-like in their appearance.
Civets are the source for one of the oldest components of perfume known.
Civets are typically silent, but can make a noise that sounds similar to meows.
Civets climb fruit trees.
Civets climb trees.
Civets deposit their dung in civetries, which are often found adjacent to paths and roads.
Civets eat rats.
Civets eat seeds.
Civets feed on fruit.
Civets forage at nights.
Civets have (part) brains.
Civets have (part) breasts.
Civets have (part) cell membranes.
Civets have (part) cells.
Civets have (part) chest cavities.
Civets have (part) chests.
Civets have (part) corpi.
Civets have (part) cytoplasm.
Civets have (part) ears.
Civets have (part) faces.
Civets have (part) heads.
Civets have (part) nuclei.
Civets have (part) pedal extremities.
Civets have (part) piluses.
Civets have (part) plasma membranes.
Civets have (part) rib cages.
Civets have (part) sections.
Civets have (part) skulls.
Civets have (part) sterna.
Civets have (part) vacuoles.
Civets have (part) vertebrate feet.
Civets have claws.
Civets have dark eyes.
Civets have eyes.
Civets have large dark eyes.
Civets have patterns.
Civets have scent glands that leave a particular scent on a pathway to leave information.
Civets have senses.
Civets have sharp teeth.
Civets have six mammae.
Civets have skulls.
Civets have teeth.
Civets inhabit areas.
Civets live in habitats.
Civets live in trees.
Civets make noise.
Civets produce a musk that is used in making perfume.
Civets produce sound.
Civets survive in areas.
Civets use burrows.
Civets use underground burrows.
Civets usually breed often throughout the year.
Most civets climb fruit trees.
Most civets eat rats.
Most civets eat seeds.
Most civets feed on fruit.
Most civets have claws.
Most civets have dark eyes.
Most civets have eyes.
Most civets have large dark eyes.
Most civets have patterns.
Most civets have senses.
Most civets have sharp teeth.
Most civets have skulls.
Most civets have teeth.
Most civets live in habitats.
Most civets live in trees.
Most civets make noise.
Most civets produce sound.
Most civets survive in areas.
Most civets use burrows.
Most civets use underground burrows.
Some civets are classified as concern.
Some civets eat coffee.
Some civets eat fruit.
Some civets eat meat.
Some civets escape from zoos.
Some civets have coats.
Some civets have extensive ranges.
Some civets have faces.
Some civets have fur coats.
Some civets have glands.
Some civets have many natural predators.
Some civets have natural predators.
Some civets have particular taste.
Some civets have predators.
Some civets have ranges.
Some civets have reputations.
Some civets have scent glands.
Some civets have sex.
Some civets live in trees while others can be found in-between rocks or piles of brush.
Some civets live up to years.
Some civets look like raccoons.
Some civets occur in areas.
Some civets occur in many areas.
Some civets occur in many protect areas.
Some civets occur in protect areas.
Some civets resemble raccoons.
Civic associations can be the bane of government and private industry planners.
Civic associations can play a number of roles in the electoral arena.
Civic associations facilitate the practice of direct democracy.
Civic buildings represent a community's collective spirit.
Civic buyers are almost rabidly loyal by auto-industry standards.
A civic center is a center
Civic center opens to public, noon.
Civic change comes about from working with people's culture.
Civic change is accomplished by multiple groups, individuals, and organizations.
Civic citizens care about one another and the communities they live in.
Civic citizens trust each other and they are tolerant of a wide range of ideas and life-styles.
Civic citizenship is a consequence of membership of the central state.
Civic clubs are generous in their support of the schools.
Civic clubs maintain an active community spirit.
Civic clubs provide a forum for community projects.
Civic clubs utilize campus facilities on a weekly and monthly basis.
Civic concepts are especially difficult to introduce and bring to life in a nursing home setting.
Civic contributions are available to business and residential community concerns.
Civic cooperation is the cement of our culture.
Civic culture provides the resources for civic education.
Civic dialogue is a planned and intentional aspect of the artistic experience.
Civic dialogue works toward common understanding in an open-ended discussion.
Civic discussion is critical to democracy.
Civic discussions are too important to be left to television talking heads.
Civic disengagement weakens the community.
A civic duty is responsibility
Civic duties are duties.
Civic duty is a motivator for only a small minority of young voters.
Civic duty is a primary reason for voting.
Civic education becomes more important for the young.
Civic education can also take place through radio and television broadcasting and other means.
Civic education is a dynamic social science.
Civic education is also a prominent part of most secondary school courses in American history.
Civic education is an established part of the curriculum in social studies.
Civic education is needed to promote a concept of citizenship, and to define a national agenda.
Civic education promotes involvement and participation.
Civic education provides a real challenge for teachers, students and the community.
Civic education works Good programs in civics and government produce good results.
Civic engagement can reverse that trend.
Civic engagement is a cornerstone of our efforts.
Civic engagement is a prime indicator of a healthy community.
Civic engagement is about making the connections to first envision and then create a better future.
Civic engagement is essential to a democratic society.
Civic engagement is one of Iowa's strengths.
Civic engagement needs to be strengthened.
Civic engagement refers to people s connections with the life of their communities.
Civic entrance is located off the parking lot .
Civic entrance is located off the parking lot.
Civic entrepreneurs help their regions set priorities.
Civic entrepreneurs know how to work with people to get results.
Civic entrepreneurs share the personality of the classic business entrepreneur.
Civic environmentalism is an emerging approach, with a variety of different emphases and methods.
Civic environmentalism is the emerging model of social and environmental activism.
Civic fabric requires a sense of belonging.
Civic freedom is a component of the civic good.
Civic funds are monies derived from the public from fund raising activities.
Civic groups ask for Spanish style.
Civic groups flourish here, and volunteerism powers community programs and efforts.
Civic groups help provide financial and volunteer support.
Civic groups make donations as do church affiliated groups.
Civic groups meet there.
Civic groups say that a truth commission is the only way to defuse brewing ethnic hatred .
Every civic group is invited to come and meet and greet city and county officials.
Some civic groups are upset about plans to erect huge signs and banners around the stadium.
Civic help is only a phone call away.
Civic improvement includes the enhancement in value or quality of community or civic life.
Civic initiative is a unique asset.
Civic initiative knows no boundaries of class or culture.
Civic institutions are crucial for religious freedom.
Civic institutions are strong and local human rights groups operate openly.
Civic institutions are strong, and local human rights groups operate openly.
Civic institutions are strong.
Civic involvement is usually voluntary, which means there is no pay.
Civic involvement turns strangers into neighbors, building community pride and mutual support.
Civic journalism beats detachment.
Civic journalism is about helping citizens be citizens.
Civic journalism is about inclusion, about getting the people into the tent.
Civic journalism is about providing entry points for readers to get involved.
Civic journalism is about redefining balance.
Civic journalism is an idea, a different way of thinking about the news.
Civic journalism is based on two premises.
Civic journalism is both an attitude and a set of tools.
Civic journalism is one attempt at giving the public the news it demands from the media.
Civic journalism is one attempt to address that.
Civic journalism is practiced differently in every community it serves.
Civic journalism requires a leap of faith, almost like jumping off of a skyscraper.
Civic journalism seeks to expand that definition.
Civic journalism seeks to report issues that reflect the concerns of citizens.
Civic knowledge arises out of the interconnection between reflection and action.
Civic knowledge helps citizens understand their interests as individuals and as members of groups.
Civic knowledge promotes political engagement.
Civic knowledge promotes support for democratic values.
A civic leader is a leader
Civic leaders are aware of the problem and have begun to address it.
Civic leaders are leaders.
Civic leaders choose tasks they wish to exercise.
Civic leaders decide to demolish the entire area, rather than spend the money in repairs.
Civic leaders envision their city as the whalewatching center of Northern Japan.
Civic leaders recognize the movement's potential.
Civic leaders say something needs to be done to ease the racial tension.
Civic leaders tout the low-humidity, moderate climate.
Some civic leaders fear the cost of the ballpark is underestimated.
Civic leadership is the most important component of community resiliency.
Civic lessons propound democracy as the best solution to achieving an enduring government.
Civic life has to prosper for the press to do well, and vice versa.
Civic life is inseparable from the work of schools, and vice versa.
Civic life needs to be engaged by people in ways other than simply paying taxes and voting.
Civic literacy is important in itself.
Civic networks are powerful because of word of mouth.
Civic networks means different things to the different practitioners now spread around the world.
Civic obligations arise from human nature itself.
Civic organizations are another great source for older clients.
Civic organizations begin organizing and planning the events.
Civic organizations offer luncheon and breakfast opportunities to speak about volunteer needs.
Civic organizations provide fellowship as well as serve the needs and interests of the community.
Civic organizations sponsor sports activities as well as provide funding for benevolent projects.
Many civic organizations are very active in providing assistance to youth and needy causes.
Many civic organizations do offer honorariums to players, which are appreciated.
Many civic organizations have a specific charity they sponsor on a national basis.
Many civic organizations offer honorariums to the mascot performer, which is appreciated.
Many civic organizations offer honouriams to players, which are appreciated.
Many civic organizations participate and support the annual sixth grade graduation ceremony.
Many civic organizations support the philanthropic needs of the community.
Some civic organizations offer scholarships to it's members or it's member's dependents.
Civic participation goes beyond simply voting.
Civic participation is a critical element in each project.
Civic participation is essential to a full-functioning democracy.
Civic participation is high and arguments frequent.
Civic participation is in decline.
Civic personnel consists of five professionals, plus technical support staff.
Civic pride extends to culture and the arts as well.
Civic pride flows from activities of that nature.
Civic pride is also at stake.
Civic pride is an old-fashioned concept that the backers of Proposal A are relying on.
Civic pride is diminished.
Civic pride is evident in the city's fine restored buildings and clean streets.
Civic pride is on the line.
Civic pride is pride
Civic pride is pride.
Civic pride needs to be developed with a specific focus on beautifying the community.
Civic republicanism sees trial as an opportunity to engage the public at large in political debate.
Civic responsibility involves many things.
Civic responsibility is inseparable from a democracy.
Civic responsibility is integrated into and enhances the academic curriculum.
Civic responsibility is responsibility
Civic responsibility requires activism and action.
Civic security is guaranteed.
Civic services performed by the library include tax-form distribution and voter registration.
Civic space is our space.
Many civic squares double up as open-air farmers markets and venues for concerts.
Civic symbols carry similar weight and power.
Civic technicians are cross-trained in a variety of disciplines.
Civic values are the glue that hold the school together.
Civic values are the principles that guide both the government and the public life of the people.
Civic virtue depends on it.
Civic virtue includes a willingness to participate in the structures of self-government.
Civic virtue is, in fact, a virtue.
Civic workers assess property.
A civil action is an action
Civil action is also a probability if a third party is injured.
Civil action is authorized.
Civil action refers to a civil action in a circuit court.
Civil actions are legal actions.
Civil actions bear no natural and logical connection to the criminal law.
Civil actions result in findings or judgments for one side or the other.
Most civil actions take up to five years to be tried.
Civil authorities have jurisdiction on the campus.
Civil authorities have major responsibilities with regard to the media.
Civil authorities have the right and the duty to insure freedom of information.
Civil authority is authority
Civil authority is authority.
Civil authority is needed.
Civil aviation is a high-tech industry making great demands on skills at all levels.
Civil aviation is among the most difficult issues in our bilateral economic relationship with Japan.
Civil aviation operates to International standards, which take many years to develop.
Civil battles continue between free and proslavery states until federal troops restore peace.
Civil cases are private matters .
Civil cases are quite different from criminal trials.
Civil cases can be expensive and time-consuming.
Civil cases can drag on for years.
Civil cases can result in huge damage awards.
Civil cases can take as long as two or three years, says the report.
Civil cases comprise the bulk of material, but criminal cases are also present.
Civil cases involve actions to enforce, correct or protect private rights.
Civil cases involve conflicts between individuals or organizations.
Civil cases involve conflicts between people or institutions such as businesses.
Civil cases involve disputes among individuals, corporations, or groups of individuals.
Civil cases involve law suits, that is, one party or parties suing another party or parties.
Civil cases involve torts, contracts, property rights, etc.
Civil cases result from a disagreement or dispute between two or more parties.
Civil cases tend to surface at news worthy points, then dive back into obscurity.
All civil cases are eligible for mediation.
All civil cases are eligible for referral to arbitration at the discretion of the assigned judge.
All civil cases are eligible for referral to mediation on consent of the parties.
All civil cases are eligible for referral to mediation.
All civil cases are eligible for the mediation program.
All civil cases are eligible.
All civil cases are potentially eligible for mediation.
All civil cases are to receive dates certain, as well as criminals too.
All civil cases remain subject to a settlement conference with a judge.
Any civil case is eligible for referral to mediation.
Any civil case is eligible for referral.
Most civil cases are eligible for referral to mediation.
Most civil cases involve a claim for money damages to be paid by one party to the other.
Civil casualties are enormous, people die in trains, work, in refugees convoys.
Civil celebrants carry out weddings and other ceremonies in many locations.
Civil ceremonies are the only ones recognized in Mexico.
More civil challenges are in the pipeline.
Civil codes govern most international business transactions.
Civil commitment is preventive detention of the innocent.
Civil conflict is another major factor behind migration.
Civil conflicts continue to complicate and destroy all our efforts to eradicate hunger and disease.
Civil conflicts tend to fragment society and sunder relationships.
All civil conflicts fall under their jurisdiction.
Civil contempt is a contempt of court
Civil contempt is a primary enforcement mechanism against delinquent obligors.
Civil contempt is a very complicated area of law.
Civil courage stems from the individual citizen, right-wing violence from groups.
Civil court CAN protect the individual as well as suffer abuse from the public.
Civil court is more likely to decide in the victim's favor.
Civil court offers no right against self-incrimination and the accused can be forced to testify.
Civil courts afford at least two advantages.
Civil courts cater and defer to criminals in Australia.
Civil courts have only limited authority to mete out punishment.
Civil courts hear complaints from individuals regarding violations of privacy.
Civil courts mete out damages.
Civil courts offer the second advantage of being far less stringent than criminal ones.
Civil coverage is provided in a wide range of cases.
Civil crews excavate the site, install oil containment, pour footings and place the equipment.
Civil damages are available.
Civil damages are monies awarded after the fact, as in traditional malpractice cases.
Civil damages includes personal injury, death or injury to property.
Civil defense depends on the ability of the system to inform the people.
Civil defense is at once the most peaceful and the most effective deterrent of nuclear war.
Civil defense is protection
Civil defense is protection.
Civil defense is taken seriously in the Soviet Union, though less so in the United States.
Civil discourse is an essential aspect of the search for and transmission of knowledge.
Civil discourse is boring.
Civil discourse is crucial for democracy to work.
Civil discourse is now but a soliloquy of one-sided views slathered with emotings.
Civil discourse is our heritage.
Civil discourse is the lifeblood of democracy, inflammatory rhetoric is a life-threatening poison.
Civil discourse requires thoughtfulness, and an academic community values enlightenment.
Civil discovery is a powerful defense tool for exposing police untruths.
Civil discovery is often a time of uncivil conduct.
Civil disobedience becomes a sacred duty when the State becomes lawless corrupt.
Civil disobedience can be a compelling way to speak truth to power.
Civil disobedience can work only if and when the union movement articulates a clear mission.
Civil disobedience creates disorder.
Civil disobedience demands both conviction and accountability.
Civil Disobedience does work There was one deputy who was especially verbally abusive.
Civil disobedience enlightens the Bronx in the face of city hall's arrogance.
Civil disobedience has a history of success mainly through the media attention it draws.
Civil disobedience has a long and glorious history in our nation.
Civil disobedience has a long, proud, effective history.
Civil disobedience is a direct action
Civil disobedience is a good thing when it is justified.
Civil disobedience is a grand American tradition.
Civil disobedience is a last resort.
Civil disobedience is a moral right against unjust laws.
Civil disobedience is a possibility.
Civil disobedience is a powerful force for change.
Civil disobedience is always so impressive.
Civil disobedience is an arrest senario so please consider carefully before deciding.
Civil disobedience is an attack upon the system.
Civil disobedience is an important tool in the struggle for justice.
Civil disobedience is by no means the next inevitable forward step.
Civil disobedience is direct actions.
Civil disobedience is fine when people are angry and motivated.
Civil disobedience is good.
Civil disobedience is great, but why let it get that far.
Civil disobedience is justified in a democracy.
Civil disobedience is one of very few tools left for bringing public attention to an issue.
Civil disobedience is one thing.
Civil disobedience is one way.
Civil disobedience is organized into a campaign for accessible transport.
Civil disobedience is out of vogue.
Civil disobedience is the act of human beings opposing unjust laws or actions by a government.
Civil disobedience is the inherent right of a citizen.
Civil disobedience is the protesting of a law by breaking it.
Civil disobedience is the way to go.
Civil disobedience is to force a review of bad legislation.
Civil disorder can result.
Civil disorder follows.
Civil disorder is rare.
Civil disputes can be highly productive on every level of any organization.
Civil Disturbance Be aware of situations and locations which can be potentially dangerous.
Civil disturbances are unlikely and there are no signs of any nascent insurrection movement.
Civil disturbances can occur and can turn violent quickly.
Civil divorce is a far more serious matter.
Civil dockets are heavier than criminal dockets, but criminal cases are increasing faster.
Civil drafters prepare drawings and maps.
Civil drive is the ability of a dog to alert on a man with no protective equipment on.
Civil engineer is both a punning and opinion oxymoron.
Civil engineer play a vital role in rural and urban planning and development.
Civil engineers are also active in such diverse fields as urban planning and aerospace engineering.
Civil engineers are also in demand to meet the growing challenge of cleaning the environment.
Civil engineers are also involved in solving the problems of hazardous waste and air pollution.
Civil engineers are also involved with the protection of our environment.
Civil engineers are concerned with making sure that an abundance of drinkable water is available.
Civil engineers are concerned with problems and projects involving water resources and pollution.
Civil engineers are engineers.
Civil engineers are expert architects and designers.
Civil engineers are frequently responsible for site engineering related to buildings.
Civil engineers are in demand wherever there are people.
Civil engineers are involved in a wide variety of projects affecting virtually everyone.
Civil engineers are involved with infrastructure and environ-mental projects.
Civil engineers are problem solvers involved in community development and improvement.
Civil Engineers are responsible for increasing the quality of life.
Civil engineers are the builders of the engineering world.
Civil engineers are the builders of the world.
Civil engineers bring together many disciplines and professions to create a better tomorrow.
Civil Engineers bring together many disciplines and professions to create a better tomorrow.
Civil engineers build civil works.
Civil engineers build targets.
Civil engineers build the best targets.
Civil engineers build the quality of life.
Civil engineers build the world's infrastructure.
Civil engineers can work as planners, designers, or both.
Civil engineers can work in the office, in the field or a combination of the two.
Civil engineers can work in the office, in the field, or a combination of the two.
Civil engineers continue to provide a significant contribution to society.
Civil engineers design and build solutions to ensure the future.
Civil engineers design and construct facilities that make our modern civilization possible.
Civil engineers design concrete and earth dams.
Civil engineers design geothermal plants and supervise the construction phase.
Civil engineers design major transportation projects.
Civil engineers design the roads the trucks travel on.
Civil engineers design transportation systems including the nations interstate highway system.
Civil engineers do things that are tangible and necessary.
Civil engineers find career opportunities in both private practice and public service.
Civil engineers have a long history of activity in environmental engineering.
Civil engineers have many opportunities for travel during their professional careers.
Civil engineers have roles in design, management, regulatory enforcement, and policy development.
Civil engineers have to carefully follow standards involving slope.
Civil engineers inspect projects to insure regulatory compliance.
Civil Engineers make major contributions to the quality of life.
Civil engineers make our communities better places in which to live and work.
Civil engineers monitor rising river waters and inspect levees for signs of failure.
Civil engineers perform an enormous range of tasks within highly diversified industries.
Civil engineers plan, design and supervise the construction of facilities essential to modern life.
Civil engineers plan, design, and construct facilities essential to modern, civilized human life.
Civil engineers plan, design, and supervise the construction of facilities essential to modern life.
Civil engineers plan, design, construct and manage civil works - the underpinnings of society.
Civil engineers plan, investigate, design, construct, maintain and manage a wide range of projects.
Civil engineers play a major role in shaping our environment.
Civil engineers prepare permit documents for work on projects in renewable energy.
Civil engineers see that all construction work is done on approved methods.
Civil engineers study, design, and evaluate large structures such as bridges, dams, roads.
Civil engineers touch almost every aspect of our lives.
Civil engineers use and develop modern technology to meet the needs of our changing society.
Civil engineers use computers for many applications.
Civil engineers work both indoors and out .
Civil engineers work in a variety of locations and conditions.
Civil engineers work in teams with other engineers, technicians, and office staff.
Civil engineers work on a variety of projects that help to better our lives.
Civil engineers work on complex projects, so they usually specialize in one of several areas.
Civil engineers work on roads, bridges, buildings and other public structures.
Civil engineers work to satisfy societal needs for shelter, transportation, and industry.
Civil engineers work with structures such as buildings, highways, dams, and bridges.
Many civil engineers are self-employed and many assume top managerial positions.
Many civil engineers own their own businesses known as consulting firms.
Many civil engineers work for government agencies, from federal to local level.
Many civil engineers work for governments agencies in government office buildings or facilities.
Many civil engineers work for local, state and federal public works agencies.
Many civil engineers work in design, construction, research, and education.
Most civil engineers discover a passion for engineering as kids.
Some civil engineers form their own consulting firms after gaining practical experience.
A civil engineering is technology
Civil engineering are engineering.
Civil engineering bears a proud past and ever-expanding prospects for the future.
Civil engineering can serve as a gateway to a number of opportunities.
Civil engineering can serve as a gateway to many opportunities.
Civil engineering enjoys one of the highest demands for new graduates.
Civil engineering has a long history and a bright future serving the basic needs of society.
Civil engineering has to deal with the problems of the global environment as well.
Civil engineering involves planning, design, and construction of facilities.
Civil engineering is a profession with a long and respected history.
Civil engineering is about community service, development, and improvement.
Civil engineering is arguably the oldest engineering profession in the world.
Civil engineering is concerned with a wide variety of elements of natural and man-made environments.
Civil engineering is difficult.
Civil engineering is made up of many different areas or disciplines .
Civil engineering is made up of many different areas or disciplines.
Civil engineering is one career that is described.
Civil engineering is one of the broader engineering fields.
Civil engineering is one of the most publicly visible technical fields.
Civil engineering is similar, but is more on the construction side.
Civil engineering is the oldest and most diverse branch of engineering.
Civil engineering is the oldest and most respected discipline of all engineering fields.
Civil engineering is the oldest branch of engineering.
Civil engineering is the oldest branch of the engineering profession.
Civil engineering is the oldest engineering discipline.
Civil engineering is the oldest of all engineering professions.
Civil engineering is the oldest of the engineering profession s.
Civil engineering is truly a people-serving profession.
Civil engineering is truly broad in scope and a profession of the future.
Civil engineering offers students to choose a specialty based on their interests.
Civil engineering strives to turn problems into solutions.
Civil engineering touches all parts of society all over the globe.
Civil engineering touches the lives of all human beings.
Civil engineering works with many other occupations to make everyday life easier.
Civil forfeiture allows government to seize and sell property suspected of involvement in a crime.
Civil forfeiture allows the government to profit from black market assets through criminal windfall.
Civil forfeiture belongs on the dung heap of injustice.
Civil forfeiture comes in three forms.
Civil forfeitures are thus a substantial source of revenue for both federal and local governments.
Civil forfeitures involving court action are in rem proceedings.
Civil fraud requires clear and convincing evidence of tax evasion.
Civil fruits are rents of houses, interest on sums due, arrears of rent.
Civil government exists to give back that justice for evil.
Civil government has no business to meddle with the private opinions of the people.
Civil government involves inspirational leadership as well as institutionalized force.
Civil government is confined to external and temporal affairs.
Civil government is divinely-mandated to prevent social dissolution and secure justice.
Civil government is the first example given.
Civil government is to be decentralized and local in orientation.
Civil government supposes a certain subordination.
Civil harassment occurs when one person annoys, harasses, injures, or threatens another person.
Civil injustice is civil injustice.
Civil institutions are weak and vulnerable to corruption.
Civil insurrection is the second aspect of the situation.
Civil investigations cover the spectrum from product liability to disputed land claims.
Civil investigators perform an essential service to the people of the state.
Civil judges account for the largest number.
Some civil judgments are dischargeable depending on a variety of circumstances.
Civil jurisdiction is restricted to specific monetary limits and types of actions.
Civil jurors accounts of their award decision making.
Civil juries consist of six members.
A civil law is a law
Civil law are laws that deal with noncriminal acts in which one individual injures another.
Civil law deals more with an individual's rights and responsibilities.
Civil law defines our rights and duties.
Civil law defines relations between persons.
Civil law follows the same general competency rules and foundation requirements as criminal law.
Civil law forbids the harassment or libeling or slandering of others.
Civil law forbids the harassment or libelling or slandering of others.
Civil law helps people solve their arguments.
Civil law is a different story, of course.
Civil law is a manifestation of society's moral order.
Civil law is an extrapolation of the structured order of the universe.
Civil law is based on legislation that is found in constitutions or statutes passed by government.
Civil law is based on the Napoleonic Code, itself based on the older Roman Law concepts.
Civil law is between private parties only.
Civil law is dead.
Civil law is divided into two general categories, Contract law and Tort law.
Civil law is out of control and needs to be addressed.
Civil law is practised in Latin America, in most of Europe and in much of Asia, including Japan.
Civil law is primarily legislative in origin and is based on statutes or codes.
Civil law is Roman-Dutch law while the criminal law is based on English law.
Civil law is to encourage the good and punish the evil.
Civil law is when an individual or corporation sues another individual or corporation.
Civil law meets common law in between civil law culture and common law culture.
Civil law regulates the relations of citizens among themselves.
Civil law speaks of marriage as a contract.
Civil laws are laws.
Civil laws are weak, and few criminal cases are prosecuted.
Civil laws come to the knowledge of subjects by public and explicit promulgation.
Civil laws govern the smooth operation of a society.
Civil laws require at least as much trust in government as criminal law.
Every civil law has the power of the sword back of it.
Civil lawsuits are also pending.
Civil lawsuits are different and separate from criminal prosecutions.
Civil lawsuits are essentially private matters pursued in public courts.
Civil lawsuits are only the beginning.
Civil lawsuits can drag on for years in the court system.
Civil lawsuits filed by the victims are still pending against both troopers.
Civil lawsuits involving commercial and business disputes are awesome creatures.
Civil lawsuits provide an adequate remedy for defamation.
Civil lawsuits seek to assess civil liability for injuries and losses arising from the crime.
Civil lawyers help clients with lawsuits, wills, contracts, and other business related matters.
Civil lawyers tend to give conservative advice.
Civil liability is another thing altogether.
Civil liability is determined either by actual or statutory damages.
Civil liability is enforced by monetary damages.
A civil libertarian is a libertarian
Civil libertarian takes on left wing radical feminists.
Civil libertarians agree.
Civil libertarians are in an uproar.
Civil libertarians are libertarians.
Civil libertarians are mixed in their reaction.
Civil libertarians are opposed to extension of existing police law .
Civil libertarians are understandably alarmed.
Civil libertarians are wary of attempts to control Internet activity of any kind.
Civil libertarians argue secret searches are unconstitutional.
Civil libertarians argue that required uniforms violate students' free-expression rights.
Civil libertarians assert that anti-panhandling laws curb free speech.
Civil libertarians bemoan the threats to privacy presented by biometrics.
Civil libertarians call profiling racist and unproductive.
Civil libertarians cringe at such uses of technology.
Civil libertarians have concerns.
Civil libertarians head the list of the bill's enemies.
Civil libertarians regard that as too restrictive.
Civil libertarians say that efforts to outlaw anonymous protests threaten personal liberty.
Civil libertarians say the best response to such speech is more speech.
Civil libertarians say the cameras invade privacy.
Civil libertarians say the evidence supporting such claims is flimsy and inconclusive.
Civil libertarians say, leave the Internet alone.
Civil libertarians see several problems.
Civil libertarians worry about censorship.
Civil libertarians worry that the program blurs the line between church and state.
Civil libertarians worry.
Many civil libertarians favor a government role in welfare, health, etc.
Many civil libertarians have a more pressing concern.
Some civil libertarians squawk over church-state considerations.
Civil liberties are anti-majoritarian, and usually unpopular, by their very nature.
Civil liberties are just like muscles.
Civil liberties are liberties proctected from governmental intrusion.
Civil liberties are the rights and freedoms that all citizens enjoy in a democratic society.
Civil liberties are, by definition, unpopular.
Civil liberties emphasizes the liberty of the individual.
Civil liberties is probably the most important issue.
Civil liberties refer to freedoms that every individual has a right to posses.
Civil liberty has to do with rights to assemble, free speech, fair trials, and religious freedom.
Civil liberty is civil rights.
Civil liberty is freedom
Civil liberty is freedom.
Civil liberty is simply the enjoyment of the fundamental rights in their full extent.
Civil life is regulated by the Gregorian calendar.
Civil list includes name, county of residence, office, and date of confirmation.
Civil litigants have neither a constitutional nor statutory right to appointed counsel.
Many civil litigants can.
Civil litigation can be time consuming and costly.
Civil litigation is a mechanism for resolving disputes.
A civil marriage is a marriage
Civil marriage binds a couple in a legal contract consisting of obligations and benefits.
Civil marriage has no impact on a religious organization's autonomy.
Civil marriage is a contract.
Civil marriage is permitted only for non-Muslim foreigners.
Civil marriage is permitted only to non-Muslim foreigners.
Civil marriage is the contract with the state that creates a family.
Civil marriage is the way law adjudicates an astonishing array of disputes over who counts to whom.
Civil marriages are marriages.
Civil marriages have nothing to do with religion.
Civil matters do arise, however.
Civil matters have broad discovery rules, and a habeas corpus petition is a civil matter.
Most civil matters require the expertise of a qualified attorney.
Civil mediation is an alternative to the grievance process in labor disputes.
Civil organisations are notoriously prone to take-over by small cliques of activists or managers.
Civil organizations take their tents for introducing themselves.
Civil parishes are the lowest tier of local government, below districts and counties.
Every civil parish has a parish meeting, consisting of all the electors of the parish.
Civil penalties are the penalties notaries public are most afraid of incurring.
Civil penalties are to be credited to the office which initiated the action.
Civil penalties become part of the state's fund for public schools.
Civil penalties can be substantial.
Civil penalties can fit that description.
Civil penalties can have a disproportionate impact on small rail operations.
Civil penalties exist for violations.
Civil penalties work best for single, non-continuous violations.
All civil penalties go the state general fund.
Civil power is supposed to restrain unpredictable personal violence, family feuds, and gang warfare.
Civil practice is the business of forging and dissolving relationships.
Civil Practice Provides an analysis of Ohio civil practice.
Civil procedure provides a framework for litigation.
Civil procedure regulates access to and behavior within the judicial system.
Civil proceedings are similarly slow.
Civil process handles all civil legal documents.
Civil process is also responsible for replevin's and auctions of property.
Civil protests can involve multiple generations, thus imposing values and ideas on the future.
Civil records are an abundant source of information.
Civil registers vary, depending on the time period.
Civil registration is a very recent development In Quebec.
Civil registration is divided into three parts, birth, marriage and death.
Civil registration is one of the examples.
Civil remedies are abstract legal creations.
Civil remedies have another advantage from the perspective of taxpayers.
A civil right is a human right
Civil rights applies to everyone.
Civil rights are a matter of fad in Europe.
Civil rights are a two-way street.
Civil rights are actually the most important issue of the political controversy.
Civil rights are generally well respected, although cases of police brutality have been reported.
Civil rights are human rights that involve all people.
Civil rights are human rights.
Civil rights are inalienable respect for every human being for what they are.
Civil rights are limits on the government's power over the individual.
Civil rights are never easy.
Civil rights are on the ballot.
Civil rights are personal rights that exist between the individual and the government.
Civil rights are protected by law and custom.
Civil rights are rights.
Civil rights are virtually non-existent while one million people labour forcibly.
Civil rights belong to everyone, or no one.
Civil rights claims Covered unless underlying cause is bodily injury.
Civil rights constitute a subset of human rights .
Civil Rights Get links to sites on censorship, freedom of religion, property rights and much more.
Civil rights is a national issue.
Civil rights is an important issue to the board.
Civil rights is just that, rights in a society of neighbors.
Civil rights is limited, but human rights is universal.
Civil rights is still the unfinished business of America.
Civil rights prevent the government from intruding on personal liberties.
Civil Rights Promote effective implementation and enforcement of civil rights laws.
Civil rights protect an employee from getting laid off the job.
Civil rights require both reactive and proactive attention.
Civil rules permit pro se representation.
Civil Rules Practice.
A civil servant is an official
Civil servants administer the program.
Civil servants are also owed months of back pay as are soldiers, who have mutinied in the past.
Civil servants are civilians.
Civil servants are demoralised and poorly paid and corruption is rife.
Civil servants are eligible for a cash honorarium.
Civil servants are government workers.
Civil servants are in the same position.
Civil servants are indirectly organs of the state.
Civil servants are officials.
Civil servants are often in positions of great power.
Civil servants are relentless customers.
Civil servants are weak and corruption is spreading.
Civil servants are workers.
Civil servants can go to their pension fund for work provisions.
Civil servants can have rewards packages reflecting factors other than market conditions.
Civil servants can quit their jobs and go home at night.
Civil servants comprise a majority of the wage-earning middle class.
Civil servants do election work in various democracies in the world.
Civil servants do utilize their discretion to make work easier.
Civil servants exercise both direct and indirect influence.
Civil servants gain, too Civil servants stand to gain from the new bill as well.
Civil servants have a different attitude towards job security, which can be bad for business.
Civil servants have separate entitlements and can retire at full pay.
Civil servants live in a 'static' environment.
Civil servants receive a pension worth around two thirds of their salary.
Civil servants require a high degree of training.
Civil servants see the worst life has to offer.
Civil servants tend to be more concerned about their own welfare than the benefit of their country.
Any civil servant can also play a key role.
Any civil servant can imagine the attention brought to our office.
Many civil servants are grossly underpaid.
A civil service is an organization
Civil service has further helped remove much of the politics from policing.
Civil service is great, too.
Civil service is important.
Civil service is tremendously inefficient.
Civil services are government officials.
Civil societies can only thrive when damaging stereotypes are broken down.
Civil societies enact laws, constitute a form of government, and frame ordinances.
Civil society calls for healthy media institutions and the rule of law.
Civil society can break the cycle of violence and make Angola's elite accountable to the people.
Civil society can do much to use voice to combat corruption and to monitor transparency.
Civil society can furthermore play an essential role in creating a more positive image of refugees.
Civil society continues to flourish.
Civil society contributes directly to human security.
Civil society has a very low regard of politicians.
Civil society has an important actual and potential role in East Timor.
Civil society has an increasingly important role to play in enhancing socio-economic development.
Civil society has no concern with religious matters.
Civil society has no widely agreed definition.
Civil society has to be involved at all levels.
Civil society has to be proactively involved.
Civil society has to take the process forward.
Civil society has, indeed, an important role to play in the achievement of world government.
Civil society includes the entire scope of voluntary activities among individuals and groups.
Civil society includes the media.
Civil society is a bedrock of sustainable development.
Civil society is a blessing.
Civil society is a bond of reason or more exactly the exercise of reason which is argument.
Civil society is a creation of the state.
Civil society is a great buzzword, but it makes no sense in Somalia.
Civil society is a societal dwelling place that is neither a capitol building nor a shopping mall.
Civil society is a third sector of society alongside the state and the market.
Civil society is an enormous and extremely diversified theme.
Civil society is based on reason, eloquence, persuasion, which is to say voluntarism.
Civil society is based on the rule of law.
Civil society is based on trust and accountability, and the purpose of law is to ensure it.
Civil society is broadened and strengthened.
Civil society is by no means meant to be a locus of consensus.
Civil society is destroyed or usurped.
Civil society is engaged.
Civil society is everywhere being strengthened, promoted and reinvented.
Civil society is in chaos and the population is living in fear.
Civil society is in the process of being restored.
Civil society is indeed in a sorry condition.
Civil society is intended to play an integral part in the development of PRSPs.
Civil society is motivated by the needs of the people.
Civil society is no small objective.
Civil society is one.
Civil society is premised on an ethos of service.
Civil society is seen as a commonality empowering citizens.
Civil society is so plastic that it appeals right across the political spectrum.
Civil society is still in a climate of fear, but it has to change.
Civil society is stronger and more vocal but remains financially dependent on external donors.
Civil society is stronger.
Civil society is the application of force by the state to uphold contracts and so forth.
Civil society is the artificial deterrent to man's basically antisocial tendencies.
Civil society is the wax that keeps communities together.
Civil society is thus by definition a media reform movement.
Civil society is thus public without being coercive, voluntary without being private.
Civil society is to be involved in the process to ensure transparency and accountability.
Civil society is truly a spectacle for the world.
Civil society is under threat.
Civil society is very weak in Mexico.
Civil society mobilizes cultural power against the State by either giving or withholding legitimacy.
Civil society needs protection from both government and the market.
Civil society needs time to adjust.
Civil society needs to be rebuilt in that country.
Civil society needs to be strengthened.
Civil society needs to catch up with the net.
Civil society needs to recognise it has responsibilities and opportunities for action as well.
Civil society occupies the middle ground.
Civil society offers a check on government and forms the bedrock of political democracy.
Civil society plans anti-corruption protest.
Civil society plays a critically important role in addressing environmental issues.
Civil society plays an important role as it has done in India and in other countries of South Asia.
Civil society plays little part in disarmament discussions.
Civil society promotes the dignity of each individual.
Civil society provides policy and implementation support.
Civil society refers to a real society.
Civil society refers to the voluntary association of individuals outside the orbit of the state.
Civil society sees parties as wanting to monopolize the political terrain.
Civil society wants a more active role in the system.
Civil state is the job of the districts .
A civil suit is a case
Civil suits are lawsuits.
Civil suits have two purposes.
Many civil suits arise when the negligence of an individual creates injury to another.
Most civil suits ask for money damages.
Civil time is simply the local clock time.
Civil time is time
Civil trials are disputes between two parties.
Civil trials continue for generations.
Any civil trial is in the vast majority of cases by a judge alone.
Civil twilight is the definition of twilight most widely used by the general public.
Civil twilight occurs just after the sun has set and the sky is still fairly light.
A civil union is marital status
Civil union is a superb bundle of responsibilities and benefits.
Civil unions are essentially a mirror image of marriage.
Civil unions are marital status.
Civil unions are required for other faiths.
Civil unions seem in some ways to be the final insult.
Civil unions strengthen the fabric of the quilt of Vermont.
Civil unrest can be greatly disruptive.
Civil unrest can break out with little warning.
Civil unrest continues in Ivory Coast.
Civil unrest continues to erupt sporadically like a festering boil.
Civil unrest has a greater effect in a republican society, than that of another.
Civil unrest is easy to start.
Civil unrest is part of a long range plan to weaken America.
Civil unrest is social events.
Civil unrest pervades the Northeast States.
Civil unrest rocks the land.
Civil unrest spreads to Hue and Saigon.
Civil values lie in the fact that etiquette imposes consideration for others.
Civil war appears dangerously close in Macedonia.
Civil War artifacts.
Civil War battlefields . . .
Civil War battlefields echo the clash of two armies in the longest siege of any American city.
Civil War battlefields present travel guides with a dilemma.
Civil War battlefields surround the hotel, and other attractions are only a short walk away.
Civil War battlefields, casino gambling, camping, and plenty of state parks are an hour or two away.
Civil War battlefields, Indian heritage sites, magnolia trees and centuries-old oak trees.
Civil War battlefields.
Civil War Becomes Savage Chaos.
Civil war begins.
Civil War begins.
Civil war breaks out between the two countries, but it is soon given up.
Civil war breaks out in an elite boarding school.
Civil war breaks out in Colombia .
Civil war breaks out in Colombia.
Civil war breaks out in Rwanda.
Civil war breaks out soon after.
Civil war breaks out.
Civil war can ensue.
Civil War canteens basically come in four models.
Civil war ch.
Civil War collectibles and antique arms.
Civil war comes to Bosnia.
Civil War continues . . .
Civil War continues. . .
Civil war continues.
Civil War devastates South, legal gambling seen as a voluntary tax.
Civil War divides the nation.
Civil War ends.
Civil war erupts in France.
Civil war erupts in Spain.
Civil war erupts.
Civil war exists.
Civil War Find out about the most devastating war in United States history.
Civil War Get brief biographies of the key players in the U.S. Civil War.
Civil war has to be waged for grain.
Civil war hurts the country.
Civil war is a condition of the extreme instability of society and the state.
Civil War is a heroic painting for our time.
Civil war is a major fact of life around the world.
Civil War is also disastrous ecologically because of the extent of the destruction it generates.
Civil war is bad, but mutiny, however well-intentioned, is ten times worse.
Civil war is civil unrest.
Civil war is imminent in the New Republic.
Civil war is implicit in the story.
Civil war is much more common in a dictatorship than in a democracy.
Civil war is much too grand and dramatic, and bad for business besides.
Civil war is no good.
Civil war is obviously a terrible experience.
Civil War is successful in what it set out to do on all counts.
Civil war is the greatest threat, and often the hardest to stop.
Civil war is the worst of all wars.
Civil war is undesirable here for everyone.
Civil war is war within the same state.
Civil war is war
Civil war is war.
Civil War links Lots of great links with emphasis on Tennessee.
Civil war looms large.
Civil war occurs between the king and the barons in which the barons are defeated.
Civil war produces devastation and refugees.
Civil War ravishes the nation.
Civil War relics for sale.
Civil War relics.
Civil war resumes after Rwandan premier is slain.
Civil war resurfaces now and again, destroying little rehabilitation that has been achieved.
Civil war starts.
Civil war threatens England.
Civil War Trails interpretive wayside.
Civil wars are always terrible.
Civil wars are brutal affairs.
Civil Wars are brutal affairs.
Civil wars are commonplace.
Civil wars are far more likely to be caused by economic opportunities than by grievance.
Civil wars are never pretty.
Civil Wars are often the most vicious and brutal of human conflicts.
Civil wars are treacherous things to jump into, just like family feuds.
Civil wars are worst of all wars.
Civil wars can be just as destructive and damaging as normal wars between two different countries.
Civil wars can linger on for many years.
Civil wars can occur among the smaller members of an alliance cluster.
Civil wars end in understanding.
Civil wars erupt in Serbia and Albania.
Civil wars flare and simmer in the Balkans because of racism.
Civil wars have a high potential to become pathological.
Civil wars vary greatly in the amount of economic damage they do.
Most civil wars end badly.
Most civil wars have their roots planted in religious or other ethnic disagreements.
Civilian agencies can sometimes deal with legal issues faster and with more confidentiality.
Civilian agencies provide a forum for complaints about police behaviour.
Civilian aircraft have no comparative requirement.
Civilian attire is acceptable with concurrance of the client's chain of command.
Civilian attire is appropriate.
Civilian attire is authorized for civilian students only.
Civilian attire is authorized.
Civilian attire is informal.
Civilian attire is recommended.
Civilian attire is required for off-post wear unless on official business.
Civilian authorities are in full command of the national, municipal, and judicial police forces.
Civilian authorities maintain effective control of the security forces.
Civilian authorities use it as an aid in tracking aircraft.
Civilian authority is, at all times, supreme over the military.
Civilian bombing is outlawed by international law.
Civilian business is also up.
Civilian casualties are in the uncounted tens of thousands.
Civilian casualties are undisputed.
Civilian censors are mere rubber stamps of the khaki clad boys.
Civilian comparability considers both salary and location.
Civilian complaints are down too.
Civilian control is solid.
Civilian deaths are civilian deaths.
Civilian deaths mean expensive clean up operations.
Civilian dentists provide the dental care.
Civilian deprivations accumulate over time after electrical power is gone.
Civilian disarmament is an ongoing task being carried out by government.
A civilian dress is a clothing
Civilian dress is required.
Civilian drones are drones for non-military purposes, such as, for example, commercial drones.
Civilian education is a critical element of a service members military career.
Civilian employees are on a three-year phasing plan.
Civilian employees are partners with the military in national defense.
Civilian employees are significant and vital members of the police department.
Civilian employees can only contribute from basic pay subject to federal income taxation.
Civilian employees pack the parachutes.
Civilian employees receive annual vacation leave based on length of service.
Civilian employees work in return for the compensation they receive.
Civilian employers are willing to pay big money and benefits to attract and retain good workers.
Civilian employers do recognize the value of service occupations.
Many civilian employers consider military training excellent career preparation.
Civilian experts are also concerned with the potential health effects of backpack use.
Civilian fellows remain in their current position if it is in the geographic area.
Civilian infrastructure is the target.
Civilian instructors ride with the ship to teach classes.
Civilian ladies wear dresses appropriate to the occasion as styles dictate.
All civilian laws apply to military persons when they are off the military post.
Civilian leaders are there to implement the administration's policies.
Civilian letters discuss the war and report family and neighborhood news.
Civilian life continues to be seriously disrupted.
Civilian members welcome.
Civilian meteorologists work for government agencies, radio and television stations, and airlines.
Civilian observers prepare for a helicopter mission over the desert.
Civilian officials talk much but say little lest they offend one or another constituency or lobby.
Civilian openings are generally within the communication division.
Civilian openings are generally within the communications division.
Civilian police have no authority over the military police or over uniformed military personnel.
Civilian police play an important role in the transition from peacekeeping to peacebuilding.
Civilian police say the louvres have now been reinforced.
Civilian population is only a couple of miles from the exercises.
Civilian populations are now legitimate targets in war.
Civilian populations are unlikely to have any form of specialized protective equipment.
All civilian prescriptions require review by a licensed pharmacist before issuance.
Civilian professors reciprocate and lecture in military science classes.
Civilian providers file their claims for payment directly with contractor.
Civilian providers file their claims for payment directly with the contractor.
Civilian reactors are unsuitable for fissile material production.
Civilian receivers are also popular for hikers, boaters, pilots and mapmakers.
Civilian seats are limited so it is advisable to make booking well in advance.
Civilian seats are limited so it is advisable to make bookings well in advance.
Civilian society has no control over the military.
Civilian statistics are even more difficult to contrast with the military's numbers.
Civilian students are to wear their appropriate equivalent.
Civilian students receive the full per diem rate.
All civilian students are responsible for their own personal medical and dental care.
Civilian systems are similar.
Civilian traffic continues to increase on all major roads today.
Civilian traffic is shelled.
Civilian unemployment equals the number of unemployed divided the civilian labor force.
Civilian units represent non coms.
Civilian users get a package that offers less accurate positioning.
Civilian vehicles have the advantage in that they can be maintained cheaply by local dealers.
Most civilian victims come from the poorest segment of society.
Civilian visitors are welcome.
Civilian war is an aspect of their modus operandi, and guns are simply a part of that equation.
Civilian workers comprise more than half of the work force.
Many civilian workers see the military retirees as a threat to their own advancement.
A civilian is a citizen
Civilians also have a different conception of personal and organizational loyalty.
Civilians apply through, and are selected as part of, their long-term training program.
Civilians are amazed that military people understand each other.
Civilians are by name only.
Civilians are citizens.
Civilians are formal.
Civilians are frequently targets nowadays because war has changed.
Civilians are in the firing line.
Civilians are just a bit different.
Civilians are less prepared for the horrors of war.
Civilians are more willing to file complaints.
Civilians are people.
Civilians are subject to the criminal laws of Korea.
Civilians are sure to be among the victims of the American strikes on the hills outside Beirut.
Civilians are the innocent victims of all wars.
Civilians are the primary victims of war, but they have also become the principal combatants.
Civilians are victims of massive acts of aggression, and are subjected to a policy of terror.
Civilians become enmeshed in the actual fighting, inseparable from it.
Civilians can also help in transporting soldiers from the airport to the hospital.
Civilians can get around the problem just as easily by having two receivers.
Civilians can only park in blue or white marked spaces.
Civilians can own almost any type of weapon the military has.
Civilians can wear the lapel pin.
Civilians complain that soldiers rob their homes and terrorize political opponents.
Civilians continue to suffer in the fighting.
Civilians continue to suffer the horrifying consequences of conflict and natural disasters.
Civilians die and the entire region is plunged into abject misery.
Civilians get to go where the very privileged few astronauts and fighter pilots go.
Civilians go about their daily lives, walking their dogs and running errands.
Civilians have a habit of walking in traffic on the narrow roads.
Civilians have voting places near their homes.
Civilians including children often fall victim to the violence.
Civilians join German soldiers on their first mile's march towards Paris.
Civilians lawfully kill approximately three times more assailants and robbers than do the police.
Civilians level similar charges against the media.
Civilians look on at the left of photo.
Civilians now use it as well.
Civilians prefer the mane being laid to the off side.
Civilians receive their paychecks directly from their parent agency.
Civilians recognize that the military is an important tool of American foreign policy.
Civilians run in all directions.
Civilians seek refuge west of town.
Civilians show integrity through empowerment of good leadership.
Civilians sing of the inequities of the draft and of doing without.
Civilians spitts blood.
Civilians tend to take more notice, too, when the peacemaker is someone they can relate to.
Civilians too are eyewitnesses and participants.
Civilians often underestimate both the value of such exercises and the danger involved.
All civilians are subject to the military command at every function.
Many civilians are victims of the terrorists anger towards the government and the military forces.
Many civilians die in raid on Tripoli.
Many civilians have no clothes and have to share a garment with other family members.
Many civilians participate in the program, working closely with the police.
Many civilians remain displaced however.
Many civilians risk their lives everyday.
Some civilians cross over to the military controlled areas in the night for safety.
Some civilians hold white flagws.
Some civilians talk to the officials.
Some civilians view what a soldier does in a war a horrible crime.
Civilisation becomes a jungle with buildings.
Civilisation becomes more complex and difficult in proportion as it advances.
Civilisation becomes worthy and weary.
Civilisation begins in the imagination.
Civilisation can be such an uplifting experience.
Civilisation has problems.
Civilisation is a movement of thought from coarser forms to more finer forms.
Civilisation is a society
Civilisation is a subversion of nature.
Civilisation is justifiably indignant.
Civilisation is nothing else than the attempt to reduce force to being the ultima ratio.
Civilisation is organised to help all members of society, including the stupid, lazy and shiftless.
Civilisation is something whole and exclusively human, a universal property.
Civilisation is the progress toward a society of privacy.
Civilisation is unatural.
Civilisation isa society.
Civilisation points out that the cross was a very late symbol in Christian art and culture.
Civilisation saves the misfits.
Civilisations am rindiennes Section dans cette entr e fait partie.
Civilisations spread in their search for gold.
All civilisations inherently contain the seeds of their own destruction.
Every civilisation is identified by a degree and direction of development in the following areas.
Every civilisation is rooted in a mythology.
Every civilisation reveres it.
Most civilisation has problems.
Civilised agriculture is a war with the spirit of life and war with the cosmos.
Civilised order is founded on virtue.
All civilised societies keep crown, church and state under the law.
Civility also acknowledges the value of another person.
Civility also requires humility.
Civility can decrease anger and other self-defeating behaviors.
Civility costs nothing and buys everything.
Civility costs nothing.
Civility counts for something.
Civility covers a host of matters in the relationships among human beings.
Civility defines our common cause in advancing the rule of law.
Civility demands adherence to the strictest standards of behavior at all times.
Civility emphasizes tolerance.
Civility goes a long way.
Civility goes hand in hand with reason.
Civility has deep roots in the idea of respect for the individual.
Civility has little chance in that arena.
Civility has no place in Internet discussions.
Civility has to do with identifying values as opposed to following fashions.
Civility implies living in harmony with the past, the present and the future.
Civility improves the way justice happens.
Civility involves, much of the time, the biting of tongues.
Civility is a big-ticket issue in America today.
Civility is a cornerstone of our community.
Civility is a cornerstone of society.
Civility is a fragile virtue, but one upon which a university ultimately depends.
Civility is a good manners
Civility is a kind of glue that holds a community together.
Civility is a missing ingredient in so many places today.
Civility is a part of righteousness.
Civility is a popular word because it comes without political baggage or partisan implications.
Civility is a public good.
Civility is always fragile and can easily be destroyed.
Civility is always worthwhile.
Civility is an important model for adults to exemplify.
Civility is boring.
Civility is courtesy.
Civility is down for the count.
Civility is essential.
Civility is exiled.
Civility is for politicians.
Civility is fragile.
Civility is gone proclaims major newspapers across the land.
Civility is hurtful speech veiled with polite overtones.
Civility is key as is outreach and strong leadership.
Civility is more than good manners.
Civility is never out of place.
Civility is never painless.
Civility is no replacement for humility.
Civility is out.
Civility is precious.
Civility is required of each participant.
Civility is serious business.
Civility is synonymous with courtesy, politeness, and relates to custom and civil law.
Civility is the cornerstone of the legal profession .
Civility is the cornerstone of the legal profession.
Civility is the foundation for communication, trust, and responsibility.
Civility is the goal for all discussions.
Civility is the grease that keeps the cogwheels of society from freezing.
Civility is the hot media buzzword at the moment.
Civility is the name of the game.
Civility is the result of Arts.
Civility is the watchword.
Civility is there in both hockey and in the profession.
Civility is what gives savor to our lives.
Civility is what is lost from society.
Civility is what makes America the dreamland of the world.
Civility means losing a chance to have one's emotional, wordy say, giving up impulse.
Civility means much more than politeness.
Civility means that the basic dignity and rights of each sovereign citizen is honored.
Civility needs to be observed to cut down unnecessary frustrations.
Civility requires resistance to the dominance of social life by the values of the marketplace.
Civility requires resistance to the dominance of social life by the values of the martketplace.
Civility seems of the past.
Civility seems to be going out the window.
Civility starts during the campaign, and boy it's off to a rocky start.
Civility stresses regulation, control, propriety, decorousness and tact.
Civility suggests words like civics and civilization and thus is closely related to community.
Civility often hides the deadlier edge of the battle-ax of anger.
Civilization arrives on the 'net.
Civilization becomes a lifestyle which seeks only to please the senses.
Civilization begins in the imagination.
Civilization begins in the piedmont region and the plains.
Civilization brings development of a language to a standstill.
Civilization -Build a civilization from prehistoric times.
Civilization can be an incredibly addictive and fun game.
Civilization can wait.
Civilization changes all that.
Civilization changes man on the outside.
Civilization comes to the Second Region.
Civilization consists in the attempt to reduce violence to the ultima ratio , the final argument.
Civilization consists in the multiplication and refinement of human wants.
Civilization consists of social and technological organization that rids our lives of information.
Civilization continues to place demands on our limited environmental resources.
Civilization depends on infrastructure that impacts the park.
Civilization depends on it.
Civilization depends on the strength of families.
Civilization depends upon it.
Civilization differs from modernism.
Civilization does it better.
Civilization drops away.
Civilization ends, however, at the camp's perimeter.
Civilization evolves, just like the life that creates it.
Civilization exists by geologic consent, subject to change without notice.
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice.
Civilization fights back.
Civilization has many enemies, with diverse motivations.
Civilization has some advantages.
Civilization has states, just as matter does.
Civilization has the potential to become indestructible and eternal.
Civilization has yet to reach many of the inhabitants of that fine wide spot in the road.
Civilization implies the attempt to deal with others as if they have the same rights that one does.
Civilization insists on a measure of justice.
Civilization instructs the head by numbing the neck.
Civilization is a bootstrap operation.
Civilization is a culturally defined sophistication and complexity that is achieved in social life.
Civilization is a fractal patchwork of old and new and dangerously new.
Civilization is a game that truly stands the test of time.
Civilization is a game, an illusion of boundary.
Civilization is a group effort.
Civilization is a history of substituting things for effort.
Civilization is a house of cards, made from garbage, built on a quicksand foundation.
Civilization is a hydra.
Civilization is a limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessaries.
Civilization is a limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Civilization is a little citadel of light in a malignant sea of darkness.
Civilization is a load of crap.
Civilization is a luxury now, and a costly one.
Civilization is a matter of imponderables, of delight in the things of the mind.
Civilization is a matter of love of beauty, of honor, grace, courtesy, and delicate feeling.
Civilization is a mess, only one or two calamities from violent collapse.
Civilization is a method of living and an attitude of equal respect for all people.
Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Civilization is a net, cast in the sea of humanity, yielding ideas, arts, sciences and progress.
Civilization is a process that overcomes morality, rather than instilling it.
Civilization is a pyramid scheme.
Civilization is a social invention.
Civilization is a society
Civilization is a strain upon any race.
Civilization is a stream with banks.
Civilization is a succession of such periods of death and resurrection.
Civilization is a treacherous, and often misused term.
Civilization is about discrimination.
Civilization is about the family as the central institution.
Civilization is about trade-offs.
Civilization is addicted in the same way.
Civilization is also separation from an original wholeness and grace.
Civilization is always a pyramid scheme.
Civilization is always on trial.
Civilization is an engrossing game, but it uses some very old anthropological ideas.
Civilization is an illusion.
Civilization is another landmark strategy game.
Civilization is another word for respect for life.
Civilization is artificial.
Civilization is at stake here.
Civilization is based on cooperation.
Civilization is built on accident, illusion, and mystery.
Civilization is built up on renunciation of instinctual gratifications.
Civilization is but a sieve through the holes of which there passes the discard.
Civilization is defined as a complex, urban society whose records are kept in writing.
Civilization is dependent on sturdy buildings for homes, industry , and schools.
Civilization is different from modernism.
Civilization is discussed, but is equated with technology.
Civilization is doomed.
Civilization is Egypt's nickname.
Civilization is elitist.
Civilization is fragile.
Civilization is hooped together.
Civilization is in ruins.
Civilization is intact.
Civilization is itself in large part a system of sublimations and repressions.
Civilization is just a slow process of learning to be kind.
Civilization is just one invasion of privacy after another.
Civilization is just six hours east.
Civilization is largely a matter of buttoning and unbuttoning.
Civilization is less a thing than a process, the transformation of the primitive.
Civilization is littered with unsolved problems, baffling impasses.
Civilization is little, if at all, behind the remoter parts of England.
Civilization is maintained by lines being drawn.
Civilization is marked by the lights of an estancia glimmering miles away.
Civilization is measured by how people treat each other.
Civilization is mechancal and rational and brings on alienation.
Civilization is more civilized for having intervened to do the right thing.
Civilization is near collapse, the world economy is in chaos, and terrorism runs rampant.
Civilization is near collapse.
Civilization is no more.
Civilization is none other than culture itself.
Civilization is nothing but a symphony of hearts and minds of individuals.
Civilization is nothing but humankind's orderly work in nature.
Civilization is nothing else but the attempt to reduce force to being the last resort.
Civilization is one long anxious search for just such individuals.
Civilization is only savagery silver-gilt.
Civilization is opposed to and better than freedom.
Civilization is organised to help all members of society, including the stupid, lazy and shiftless.
Civilization is out of balance with the flow of planetary energy.
Civilization is rather an epilogue.
Civilization is really here.
Civilization is savagery silver gilt.
Civilization is social processes.
Civilization is societies.
Civilization is sterilization.
Civilization is subverted by inflation.
Civilization is supposed to civilize .
Civilization is the arteriosclerosis of culture.
Civilization is the common product of all peoples.
Civilization is the end , the very last and unsurpassable human social development.
Civilization is the end, the very last and unsurpassable human social development.
Civilization is the gift of Prosperity.
Civilization is the most dangerous enterprise on which man has ever set.
Civilization is the most successful strategy game of all time.
Civilization is the process of setting a man free from men.
Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
Civilization is the process of setting men free from men.
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy.
Civilization is the reaction of humanity to the purpose of any particular world period.
Civilization is the reduction of everything to the common denominator of the dollar.
Civilization is too high a price to pay for survival.
Civilization is truly a breakout product.
Civilization is twenty-four hours and two meals from barbarism.
Civilization is unnatural.
Civilization is very much present, though.
Civilization is video games.
Civilization is what happens in cities, and that is the story so far.
Civilization is, at least in part, about pretending that things are better than they are.
Civilization isa society.
Civilization lead to social structure and migration internally to a society by occupation.
Civilization lies in ruin.
Civilization looms ahead.
Civilization makes history making competitive.
Civilization makes rules merely.
Civilization marches on.
Civilization means mutual coexistence and it begins with the family unit.
Civilization means something.
Civilization means to be civil, peaceful around others and to play the role of economy and politics.
Civilization moves forward on the feet of little children.
Civilization moves west.
Civilization needs and depends on rules.
Civilization owes much to the horse.
Civilization puts people in a biochemical double-bind.
Civilization remains a remote ideal.'.
Civilization requires a large brain and a large body to carry it around.
Civilization requires it.
Civilization rests upon the family.
Civilization saves the misfits.
Civilization seems impossibly distant.
Civilization seems light-years away.
Civilization seems to withdraw, and the forest is filled with Aztec ruins.
Civilization starts with the correct belief and faith.
Civilization still forges ahead.
Civilization still remains the king.
Civilization survives and improves as lessons of history are passed from one generation to the next.
Civilization tends rather to cloud than to clarify true faith.
Civilization tends to suppress ornament altogether.
Civilization thus becomes a synonym of democracy.
Civilization utilizes little and wastes much.
Civilization varies with the family , and the family with civilization.
Civilizations are complex and ever-changing things, certainly beyond any simple analysis.
Civilizations are dust, but their poetry remains.
Civilizations are societal entities that experience life cycles.
Civilizations can disappear with barely a trace.
Civilizations can rise and fall, all without being significantly affected by the infall.
Civilizations come and go and sometimes they leave behind their technology for others to find.
Civilizations come and go.
Civilizations decline when their moral core deteriorates.
Civilizations degenerate and die, unless resistance is mounted.
Civilizations develop a sense of self-identity.
Civilizations develop technology.
Civilizations develop transmission technology.
Civilizations die as men die, by accident then.
Civilizations die that reject the Other.
Civilizations do grow old and do get tired.
Civilizations eat diets.
Civilizations expand or decay.
Civilizations fall when the family structure falls.
Civilizations form where the rivers meet.
Civilizations has to generate within.
Civilizations have legends.
Civilizations have ups and downs.
Civilizations invariably go under.
Civilizations leave marks on the earth by which they are known and judged.
Civilizations mature in the same way.
Civilizations move toward complexity before they perish.
Civilizations rise and fall.
Civilizations rise on their devices.
Civilizations rise or recede.
Civilizations run on energy.
Civilizations take hundreds of thousands of years to develop.
Civilizations take lots of bullets and walk dead for a long time before they fall.
Civilizations violating natural laws perish.
Civilization often imposes a measure of suffering, as does being part of nature.
Civilization often springs From obsession with way-out things.
Civilization usually means urbanization.
All civilization has from time to time become a thin crust over a volcano of revolution.
All civilizations are equal.
All civilizations have only a short duration.
All civilizations have their own features in the long course of development.
All civilizations have traditions of using herbs to promote healing.
All civilizations have up to now been based on private ownership of the means of production.
All civilizations inherently contain the seeds of their own destruction.
All civilizations use different means of communication.
All civilizations use the materials in their building construction which are the most prevalent.
Every civilization builds on the achievements of previous civilizations.
Every civilization declines and dies, like western civilization is declining and dying today.
Every civilization has records documenting pain and painful experiences.
Every civilization has their fifteen minuets of fame.
Every civilization is built upon one or more basal paradigms.
Every civilization memorializes death in some form.
Every civilization reaches a peak, declines and almost dies.
Every civilization records important ideas and events in the arts.
Every civilization rests on a set of promises.
Most civilizations develop technology.
Most civilizations develop transmission technology.
Most civilizations eat diets.
Most civilizations have legends.
Some civilizations are better early-age civilizations.
Some civilizations build spheres.
Some civilizations have roots.
Some civilizations know gods.
Some civilizations lead to destruction.
Some civilizations lead to environmental destruction.
Some civilizations use marble.
Some civilizations use starlights.
Civilizational differences represent different ways of seeing, valuing, experiencing.
Civilized areas have guards that react to player-killing.
Civilized behavior erodes as the press and the police gather helplessly outside.
Civilized behavior is just a veneer that's too thin and new to have have become a genetic trait.
Civilized countries have laws against such injustice.
All civilized countries have provisions for bankruptcy.
Most civilized countries have laws to eliminate gambling.
Civilized development edges toward town limits and then past.
Civilized discourse occurs at a logical level.
Civilized existence is all about lying.
Civilized existence is ambivalent.
More civilized facilities are available as well.
Civilized families have higher status and greate land, money, and political involvement.
Civilized hospitality indulges quiet couples and energetic families.
Civilized life requires a state of illusion.
Civilized nations live off the products of the whole earth.
All civilized nations have laws to apply to criminals.
Every civilized nation seems to be preparing for war, and that war to be fought largely on the sea.
Civilized people can take a stand.
Civilized people depend too much on man-made printed pages.
Civilized people farm the land.
Civilized people have certain rooms for certain functions.
Civilized people have enough discipline to hold their bowels in check until they get to a bathroom.
Civilized people have things to show to the neighbors.
Civilized people make excuses.
Civilized people make monumental structures and have higher religion.
Civilized people prefer, say, stiletto heels.
Civilized people recoil from such vile acts.
Civilized people treat their guests well.
Civilized people view savagery as contemptible and uncivilized.
Most civilized people view graffiti as little more than gratuitous machismo in a spray can.
Civilized persons argue respectfully.
Civilized persons persuade one another through argument.
Civilized societies are just about gun free.
Civilized societies protect their children and adolescents against risks.
Civilized societies rate the loss of life as far more serious than property damage.
Civilized society is a working system of ideas.
Civilized society is based on the recognition of it.
Civilized society operates on the assumption that the majority of citizens are trustworthy.
All civilized societies share a common desire for internal order and security.
Any civilized society does.
Every civilized society maintains a few ivory towers.
All civilized views are naturally always welcome.
Civilized war is a public act in the real or supposed interests of civilization.
Civillian dress is proboable the most difficult to reproduce effectively.
Civitan clubs accept members from all walks of life regardless of race, creed, colour or gender.
Civitan clubs meet the needs of their communities.
Most Civitan clubs charter as traditional meal-meeting clubs.
Civitan members coordinate the league's activities and also provide coaching for the athletes.
Civitan members make great huggers.
CJHS students get down to business as soon as they arrive.
A cl is a metric
CL affects all races.
CL affects many different instructional outcomes simultaneously.
CL are on the central antinodal line.
CL dives into the pile of new tomes and emerges with a representative selection.
Cl isa unit.
CL lists long-term programs, and serves as a reference and resource guide.
CL lists long-term programs, and serves as a reference guide.
Cls are bases.
CLS are unlike the more common lunar impact glass spherules in that they are partly crystalline.
Cls have (part) ccs.
Cls have (part) millileters.
Cls have (part) mls.
Most CLs have a mixture of secondary and intermediate guns.
Clad failure is prevented by limiting the clad oxide thickness.
Clad wood requires minimal maintenance.
Clade selection sounds seductively like Darwinian natural selection.
A clade is a group
Clade isa group.
Clades are followed by their presumed species name.
Clades are hypotheses of ancestry, and are governed by the rules that govern all of science.
Clades originating from a grade, that is.
Every clade is, by definition, monophyletic .
Cladistic classification creates and names taxa based only on synapomorphies.
Cladistic classification unites birds with crocs and dinosaurs, which form a monophyletic group.
Cladistic definitions are much more precise and, at least theoretically, testable.
Cladistic methodology is very popular with vertebrate paleontologists and paleo geeks .
Cladistic species are segments on a cladogram, joining branch-points on the phylogenetic tree.
Cladistics describes branching patterns by examining dervived homologous characters.
Cladistics dominates today.
Cladistics helps to elucidate mechanisms of evolution.
Cladistics is a methodology for classifying species into groups based on their characteristics.
Cladistics is a particular method of hypothesizing relationships among organisms.
Cladistics is a school of taxonomy.
Cladistics is a tool, nothing more nothing less.
Cladistics is a. a method for developing phylogenetic trees.
Cladistics is fine as far as it goes.
Cladistics is now the most commonly used method to classify organisms.
Cladistics is now the preferred approach to phylogeny.
Cladistics is simply a tool that can be used to classify things.
Cladistics is that discipline which attempts to determine which organisms are most closely related.
Cladistics is the dominant form of classification methodology and phylogeny analysis used today.
Cladistics is used to classify organisms based on their phylogenetic relationships.
Cladistics is useful for creating systems of classification.
Cladistics predicts the properties of organisms.
Cladistics produces branching diagrams called cladograms.
Cladistics provides systematists with one very handy feature.
A cladogram is a tree diagram
Cladogram isa shape.
Cladograms are testable hypotheses of phylogenetic relationships.
Cladograms are trees.
Cladograms display hypotheses of relationship among organisms.
Cladograms take one of two forms, but each shows essentially the same information.
All cladograms are a work in progress.
All cladograms are hypothetical and none can be proved correct for sure.
Some cladograms show phylogeny.
Claim adjusters plan and schedule the work needed to process a claim.
Many claim adjusters work outside the office because they are inspecting damage.
Claim construction is itself a question of law.
Claim construction is question of law which court reviews de novo.
Claim construction starts with the language of the claim itself.
Claim evaluation is at the heart of the matter, of course.
A claim form is a form
Claim forms are also available from the Benefits Section of the Office of Personnel .
Claim forms are available at our local tax office.
Claim forms are available at the district office.
Claim forms are available from the City Attorney's Office.
Claim forms are available from the school office.
Claim forms are available in the finance office.
Claim forms are available on that web site which can be filled out online, printed and mailed in.
Claim forms are available online.
Claim forms are available upon request.
Claim forms are forms.
Some claim forms come with an attachment piece on the bottom of the form.
Claim interpretation is the process of giving proper meaning to the claim language.
Claim payment is to be avoided whenever possible.
Claim preclusion applies to preclude relitigation of a claim that has been litigated.
Claim preclusion is the term now applied to what used to be known as res judicata .
Claim repair is most effective when claims are immediately reported.
Claim transaction is defined as transmission from a provider to a health plan.
A claim is an assertion
Claim lacks date of patient's most recent physician visit.
Claim lacks indicator that x-ray is available for review.
Claim lacks individual lab codes included in the test.
Claim reports format and frequency is customized to reflect client preferences.
Claim sets out the scope or extent of the monopoly that is claimed by the inventor.
Claim stirs excitement in revival movement, but skeptic calls it trick to build membership.
Claim there are no icons available.
Claims abound of the many ways some immortals have helped humans.
Claims Adjusting Claims Adjusters make an insurance policy tangible.
Claims alleging breach of fiduciary duty also can arise in a variety of contexts.
Claims also change in response to new queries.
Claims also tend to relate to more basic injuries.
Claims analyses provide objective data.
Claims are a good recession predictor.
Claims are a top priority at our agency.
Claims are a virtual certainty.
Claims are allowable only on the basis of scientific agreement.
Claims are also in dependent or independent form, depending on whether they relate to other claims.
Claims are assertions.
Claims are demand.
Claims are down, settlements are down and jury awards are down.
Claims are either fundamentally true or false, data provide only persuasion and quantification.
Claims are highly speculative and only a tiny fraction of claims become working mines.
Claims are in the hands of our insurors upon notification.
Claims are just that.
Claims are justified.
Claims are linguistic, hence subject to logical analysis.
Claims are made before the race and the new owner assumes possession immediately following the race.
Claims are made, it coats and protects the digestive tract.
Claims are manipulated images.
Claims are never species.
Claims Are Now Available.
Claims are part of patents.
Claims are potentially arguable.
Claims are predominantly single nutrient messages.
Claims are products of the human mind.
Claims are really the major part of a patent that have any relevance.
Claims are rights.
Claims are scarse to take up but there are plenty to buy.
Claims are sensitive to changing economic conditions and are a good predictor of turning points.
Claims are slow being granted, because codes and laws are changing too fast to keep up.
Claims are subject to the approval of the carrier.
Claims are subject, of course, to the applicable deductible.
Claims are the first step in seeking damages before a lawsuit can be filed.
Claims are the main element of information.
Claims are the most difficult to deal with because people are under a lot of stress.
Claims are the numbered paragraphs appearing at the end of the patent's specification.
Claims are the numbered paragraphs at the end of an application which legally define the invention.
Claims are to be filed by purchaser with shipper.
Claims are to be filed by the employee.
Claims are to be filed in duplicate.
Claims are to be made to the carrier.
Claims are to be paid from a fund consisting of contributions by employees and the county.
Claims are to be submitted on a calendar month basis.
Claims are uploaded to a clearing house.
Claims are usually explicit, rather than implicit, in an argument.
Claims are verified by the MITS for duplicate service, service limitations, and service conflicts.
Claims arise from the simple failure of the practitioner to make timely elections.
Claims arise out of collective bargaining agreement.
Claims arising from the studies are therefore extinguished irrespective of their prior merits.
Claims arising from the support of a dependent or former spouse are non-dischargeable.
Claims based is more expensive and provides coverage after policy period has expired.
Claims brought under the federal Securities Act now have a heightened pleading standard.
Claims can arise from accidents involving cars, buses, lorries, motorcycles and bicycles.
Claims can be either batch processed or entered one at a time.
Claims can be exaggerated, imagined or simply lies.
Claims can have more than one owner.
Claims can include damage to clothing.
Claims can include personal injury matters, property claims and large scale debt collection.
Claims can often be difficult to confirm.
Claims can result from trying to combine the two.
Claims can spend many months backlogged, tied up in paperwork or under appeal.
Claims can take up to months to settle.
Claims come into the office on paper or electronically.
Claims constantly arise due to marital status and validity of divorces.
Claims continue to be closely monitored to be used in setting the new rates.
Claims continue to be received and processed.
Claims define the scope of the patent and describe very clearly and specifically the new invention.
Claims deserve warrants.
Claims don t come just from a group of repeat offenders or bad apples.
Claims establish the essence and scope of the patent.
Claims exist that maca is an adaptogen similar to ginseng.
Claims expertise in zoning and endangered species, intellectual property, and antitrust policy.
Claims filed by court clerk, sheriff or magistrate require additional oath.
Claims follow the description and are numbered consecutively.
Claims hurt everyone involved but especially hurt customer service by delays.
Claims impact the experience modification only if money is paid out by the insurance company.
Claims involve cost overruns, changes in specifications, and delays.
Claims involve lost wages.
Claims involves work similar to that undertaken by claims adjusters.
Claims made by both are, at best, false.
Claims made in an advertisement are the sole responsibility of the advertiser.
Claims made in essay are evident.
Claims made in filing any civil suit represent only one side of the situation.
Claims made in the popular media are mostly nonsense.
Claims make up the legal language that defines the protection sought for the invention.
Claims move is technical.
Claims paid include expenses on settlement of claims.
Claims pleasure in doing so.
Claims previously adjudicated are unaffected.
Claims processing abilities consistently exceed industry standards.
Claims provides an in-depth guide to the process and how to achieve the best possible settlement.
Claims range from minor injuries to severe injuries including paralysis and dental negligence.
Claims range from slowing the aging process to relief of morning sickness.
Claims range from total losses to smoke damage.
Claims ranges in size from several thousand dollars to over one hundred million dollars.
Claims receive an ICN during front-end processing, helping to meet filing deadlines.
Claims refer to money paid for property damage and personal injury caused when tires fail.
Claims reflect trends in the law and society.
Claims regarding children with disabilities presents a special challenge for the practicing bar.
Claims regarding contributions to multiemployer plans can also take a number of forms.
Claims regarding the best service or the most accurate testing can be problematic.
Claims regarding the fragility of the ecosystems in tropical areas are similarly awry.
Claims regarding the position on the board are only possible for the player who has the move.
Claims regarding the separation of foods from different food groups is scientifically unfounded.
Claims related to essential nutrient disease are exempt within restrictions.
Claims remain one of their biggest areas of concern.
Claims report writing.
Claims represent the number of workers filing for unemployment benefits following the loss of a job.
Claims Scroll down for the names.
Claims stay in the system for three months and are then purged if the other side fails to respond.
Claims submitted by claim card take longer to process.
Claims turn-around processing is still a problem.
Claims vary from attacks from a robber to a box of cereal falling on the nose.
Claims frequently involve third-party actions, either subrogation or product liability.
Claims often arise because of a misunderstanding of what happened.
Claims often exaggerate the therapeutic powers of herbs.
Claims sometimes date back to World War II, or even earlier.
Claims usually use such terms as 'low', 'high' and 'source of'.
All claims are implicit knowledge claims.
All claims are process promptly upon receipt.
All claims are provisional.
All claims are security protected with special software.
All claims are still true.
All claims are subject to an excess in accordance with the rental agreement.
All claims are subject to factory inspection.
All claims are subject to later verification.
All claims are subject to policy provisions and exclusions.
All claims are subject to random audits.
All claims are subject to verification by judges.
All claims are subject to verification.
All claims are the sole responsibility of the reporter named by their own Internet header.
All claims are the sole responsibility of the seller.
All claims are time-barred after one year.
All claims are to be charged to the fiscal year in which the major activities in the case occurred.
All claims are to be directly sent to the appropriate manufacturer.
All claims are to be made by the customer directly with the carrier.
All claims are transferable.
All claims arise from the construction contract with the school district.
All claims cost money to investigate and resolve even if they are false or unfounded.
All claims filed by both parties still remain intact and undecided.
All claims have a one year statute of limitations.
All claims have more than one area of negotiation which are often adjusted differently.
All claims have to be substantiated by documentation.
All claims here are subject to change.
All claims made by advertisers are entirely the responsibility of the advertiser.
Any claim made on the basis of the absence of Prussian blue is at best empty speculation.
Any claim otherwise is without substantiating evidence.
Any claims are solely between the buyer and seller.
Any claims made by the advertisers herein are the exclusive responsibility of said advertisers.
Every claim has some probability of being true.
Every claim is a lie.
Every claim is backed by scientific proof.
Every claim is backed by scientific verification.
Every claim is different.
Every claim is either true or false.
Every claim is handled individually.
Every claim is substantiated with hard numbers and an experience-based evaluation.
Every claim requires a specific diagnosis code.
Many claims are subject to a statute of limitations, so take prompt action.
Many claims are unfounded or exaggerated.
Many claims become indefensible simply because the notes are inadequate or absent.
Many claims made by manufacturers and vendors are clearly exaggerated.
Many claims require an inspection to properly investigate and assess the damage or loss.
Many claims simply are too small to justify resorting to the courts.
Many claims thus seem inadequately supported.
Many claims try to prove the effectiveness of massage therapy.
More claims increase the cost to insurers and results in higher insurance rates.
Most claims arise from improper packaging.
Most claims die, never taken up, even to be refuted.
Most claims made by supplement manufactures are anecdotal.
Some claim drinking a lot of water helps with pain.
Some claims are certainly legitimate.
Some claims are clearly ridiculous.
Some claims are even more extravagant.
Some claims are more difficult to review than others.
Some claims are preposterous.
Some claims are simply outside of science.
Some claims are true beyond any reasonable doubt.
Some claims are unfounded.
Some claims have their own specific legal frameworks.
Some claims involve multiple complications.
Some claims mention only the name of the claimant and land location.
Some claims take longer to settle than others.
Some claims take months to be processed, causing financial hardship for struggling veterans.
Claimant attorneys charge their clients on a contingent fee basis.
Claimant eligibility is investigated.
Claimant reports wrist pain to plant nurse.
A claimant is an applicant
Claimant asks the attorneys to prepare and file a complaint.
Claimant continues to have an essentially undiagnosed pain condition as a result of that injury.
Claimant continues to work as usual.
Claimant provides no reason to reach a different result.
Claimants add damage, injuries, and fictitious passengers to their insurance claims.
Claimants are also to blame because many make misrepresentations and cover up facts.
Claimants are applicants.
Claimants are free to challenge the sufficiency of the amount of the bond.
Claimants are free to go back to work without jeopardizing their payments.
Claimants are ineligible for benefits if self-employment interferes with their availability to work.
Claimants are responsible for informing themselves regarding other possible statutory limitations.
Claimants are solely responsible for their claims and the use of the conformance icons .
Claimants are solely responsible for their claims and the use of the conformance logos.
Claimants are unable to obtain medical records due to cost.
Claimants can obtain the necessary forms, either by fax, mail, or in person at any of our offices .
Claimants can recover money for no more than three recorded telephone calls.
Claimants can still appeal the assessor's decision to the town's board of assessment appeals.
Claimants complete and submit a form for each week they wish to claim benefits.
Claimants enjoy the full protection of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Claimants get their proceeds quicker.
Claimants have six months in which to present claims.
Claimants have the burden of proof.
Claimants have the burden of proving all elements necessary to qualify for compensation.
Claimants have the obligation to declare all gross earnings.
Claimants have the right to appeal denied claims to the worker's compensation board.
Claimants hurt their case by overstating what they can do.
Claimants now have an additional option for filing their continued claims.
Claimants now receive payment much sooner and with less paperwork.
Claimants pay millions more from their own pockets for deductibles.
Claimants say that they are given the worst assignments, lower pay and fewer chances for promotions.
Claimants style their notice as an appeal from the order granting the seizure warrant.
Claimants subsequently deny making the request.
Claimants wait and wait and wait before they get their unemployment checks.
Claimants often execute such a waiver in conjunction with a settlement arrangement.
All claimants are subject to the habitual residence test when making application for benefits.
All claimants continue to receive their benefits, but at a somewhat lower rate.
All claimants reach an automated telephone system that provides several recorded menu options.
Many claimants retain attorneys particularly when appealing the denial of disability benefits.
Some claimants are homeless or have experienced periods of homelessness.
Claims adjusters can work directly for an insurance company or for independent adjusting firms.
Claims adjusters search for fraud and expect to find it.
Claims adjusters working for the insurance company have limited authority to pay claims.
Claims Form See it gets filled in promptly - the sooner the better.
All claims forms are available from the address given on the main financial webpage .
Clairvoyance involves stimulation of the inner vision.
Clairvoyance is a form of purposeful dreaming arrived at via disciplined meditation.
Clairvoyance is a psychic phenomenon
Clairvoyance is a term given to describe the act of clear sight.
Clairvoyance is psychic phenomenons.
Clairvoyance is very real and extremely accurate.
Clairvoyance refers to the ability to look at images in the form of pictures in the minds eye.
Clairvoyant author evaluates each religion and includes short history of each.
Clairvoyant faculties are already something else.
Clairvoyant people see the world of energy.
A clairvoyant is a psychic
Clairvoyants also misinterpret.
Clairvoyants are psychics.
Clairvoyants do it within sight.
Some clairvoyants undertake home visits to give direct one to one readings.
Clairvoyantly thoughts are things, as are old emotions that have been suppressed.
A clam chowder is a chowder
Clam chowder is always a popular choice or try a bisque or Manhattan-style chowder.
Clam chowder is homemade and hearty.
Clam chowder is okay, better than the tough spiced shrimp.
Clam chowder is the single most popular soup offered.
Clam chowder tastes best if prepared a day or a few hours ahead of time.
Clam chowders are chowders.
Clam diggers move carefully across the muddy flats toward the edge of the winding channel.
Clam juice is a good source.
Some clam sauces are very thin, while others are thickened to produce a rather stiff sauce.
Clam shells add many layers to their shell each year in response to environmental changes.
Clam shells are abundant on beaches near quiet bays and can be found along nearly all open coast.
Clam shells come in variety of pastel colors.
A clam is a shellfish
Clam digging on the beaches is a favorite activity for locals and visitors alike.
Clam digging, golf courses, provincial park and lobster suppers are nearby.
Clam isa bivalve.
Clam shells, for one.
Clams also are vulnerable to toxins in the sediment.
Clams also contain high quantities of important dietary nutrients and minerals.
Clams are a fairly common form of bivalve, therefore making it part of the phylum mollusca.
Clams are a good back up bait.
Clams are also low in calories, total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol.
Clams are animals that burrow under the sea floor.
Clams are animals.
Clams are available throughout the year.
Clams are best in well-established aquariums that have had several weeks or months to cycle.
Clams are bivalves.
Clams are capable of changing their sex to reproduce.
Clams are easier to open than oysters.
Clams are filter feeders and thus trap and filter out their food as the water passes by.
Clams are filter feeders that take in any pollutants from the water.
Clams are filter feeders, meaning they feed on plankton strained from the water using their siphon.
Clams are filter feeders.
Clams are filter-feeders.
Clams are found in the Indian Ocean and the Pacific .
Clams are harvested for food.
Clams are harvested for meat.
Clams are important.
Clams are located in water.
Clams are molluscs.
Clams are mollusks that live in the sea or in freshwater.
Clams are mollusks.
Clams are more expensive.
Clams are multicelluer.
Clams are now the fourth-most valuable seafood species in the state.
Clams are one of the sources of food that they seem to enjoy the most.
Clams are part of clams.
Clams are shellfishs.
Clams are slow, sluggish animals and the sensory sys- tem required is relatively simple.
Clams are strictly aquatic creatures and they can come in a whole variety of sizes.
Clams are subject to concentrations of both natural and man-made toxins.
Clams are the bait of choice.
Clams are the best bait for stripers, except for live eels.
Clams are the principal food of the walrus.
Clams are the principal food of walruses.
Clams are their preferred diet, though freshwater mussels are equally acceptable.
Clams are used as a filtrate so they eat the waste product of a fish and some micro organisms.
Clams are very big in Florida.
Clams are yummy.
Clams attain ages.
Clams burrow into sand.
Clams bury in sediments.
Clams can be nursery reared in the water column in upwellers, trays or other devices.
Clams can cure cancer.
Clams can grow pearls, like their classier cousin, the oyster.
Clams can live for decades.
Clams can vary in sizes but are typically small in comparison to other animals.
Clams care nothing whatever about music.
Clams come in many colors, including shades of brown, red-brown, yellow, cream, etc.
Clams come into season and are associated with early spring in Japan.
Clams cook on wire grids supported on steel rails over the fire.
Clams develop functional male gonads during the first or second year of life.
Clams don t have teeth.
Clams draw water into their shells through a siphon that they extend through the mud into the water.
Clams eat plankton, and are eaten by small sharks and squid.
Clams eat plankton.
Clams excrete anchor filament.
Clams excrete filament.
Clams feed upon plankton through a double-tubed siphon which operates like a snorkel.
Clams find along coasts.
Clams find along east coasts.
Clams find along west coasts.
Clams gather food using a filtering system.
Clams harvested in polluted waters can cause hepatitis.
Clams have (part) brains.
Clams have (part) carapaces.
Clams have (part) cell membranes.
Clams have (part) cells.
Clams have (part) corpi.
Clams have (part) cytoplasm.
Clams have (part) ears.
Clams have (part) faces.
Clams have (part) heads.
Clams have (part) nuclei.
Clams have (part) plasma membranes.
Clams have (part) sections.
Clams have (part) shells.
Clams have (part) skulls.
Clams have (part) vacuoles.
Clams have a burrowing foot that they use to dig down into the sand or mud to hide.
Clams have bend valves.
Clams have color.
Clams have development.
Clams have open circulatory systems.
Clams have shapes.
Clams have shells.
Clams have shells.
Clams have size.
Clams have thin shells.
Clams have valves.
Clams inhabit coastal water.
Clams inhabit coral reefs.
Clams inhabit reefs.
Clams inhabit water.
Clams live in water.
Clams live in zones.
Clams live on beaches.
Clams live over years.
Clams live underground, using a muscular foot to dig down into sand or mud.
Clams make pearl.
Clams move about by using a hatchet-shaped foot to creep along the muddy bottom of the Bay.
Clams move vertically along the beach in response to the changing tides.
Clams prefer a shell and sand substrate over muddy bottoms.
Clams prefer beaches.
Clams prefer sandy beaches.
Clams prefer sandy bottom beaches.
Clams range in color from pale to deep orange.
Clams reproduce by releasing gametes, or eggs and sperm, into the water.
Clams require water.
Clams seem to squirt water through their siphons.
Clams survive by getting oxygen and food from the waters of the bay.
Clams undergo a slightly different process.
Clams always lie quiet.
Most clams are harvested for food.
Most clams are harvested for meat.
Most clams are machine sorted by their smallest dimension.
Most clams are only a few inches long.
Most clams bury themselves in sediment and communicate to the sediment-water interface by siphons.
Most clams eat plankton.
Most clams excrete anchor filament.
Most clams excrete filament.
Most clams find along coasts.
Most clams find along east coasts.
Most clams find along west coasts.
Most clams have color.
Most clams have development.
Most clams have shapes.
Most clams have shells.
Most clams have size.
Most clams have thin shells.
Most clams have valves.
Most clams inhabit coastal water.
Most clams inhabit coral reefs.
Most clams live in water.
Most clams live in zones.
Most clams live on beaches.
Most clams live over years.
Most clams make pearl.
Most clams prefer beaches.
Most clams prefer sandy beaches.
Most clams prefer sandy bottom beaches.
Most clams require water.
Some clams are killed by scientists.
Some clams are very long-lived.
Some clams bury themselves in sand or mud.
Some clams can grow pearls as big as golf balls.
Some clams can live for over a century.
Some clams change over time.
Some clams create problems.
Some clams eat algas.
Some clams eat microscopic algas.
Some clams feed on algas.
Some clams get food.
Some clams go through larval stages.
Some clams go through several stages.
Some clams go through stages.
Some clams grow to length.
Some clams harbor algas.
Some clams have ability.
Some clams have impact.
Some clams have ligaments.
Some clams have movement.
Some clams have muscles.
Some clams have predators.
Some clams have types.
Some clams have values.
Some clams have water.
Some clams live for years.
Some clams live in burrows.
Some clams live in communities.
Some clams live in saltwaters.
Some clams occur in streams.
Some clams provide food.
Some clams reach maturity.
Some clams swim through water.
Some clams take up residences.
Some clams use feet.
A clambake is a cookout
Clambake is released nationally and goes to number fifteen at the box office.
Clambakes are cookouts.
Clambakes are films.
Clambakes remain as popular as ever.
Clambake usually sells out.
Clammy expectation sits motionless.
Clamo soils contain more clay in the control section.
Clamp connections are appendages that connect one cell to another in the hypha.
Clamp connections are hyphal outgrowths that form when cells in dikaryotic hyphae divide.
Clamp connections are present in the hyphae .
A clamp is a device
Clamp beams to posts at finish heights using timber supports and clamps.
Clamp bolts to a concrete floor.
Clamp drain hose.
Clamp fits round, square and oval chain stays.
Clamp isa device.
Clamp joints together whenever possible for increased strength.
Clamp opens to two inches.
Clamp pieces together and heat until solder remelts.
Clamp tosses a visually appealing twist on the literary standard.
Clamp work solidly.
Clamps adjust automatically on every cycle.
Clamps align to each other and adjust for polarity.
Clamps Apply increasing pressure to sensitive areas all over the body.
Clamps are adjustable for the perfect fit and tension.
Clamps are also critical, especially if welding something that needs to be squared and flat.
Clamps are available for any size tool bar.
Clamps are best for temporary use.
Clamps are companies.
Clamps are connectors.
Clamps are something that can be found in all shapes and sizes.
Clamps are uniform and produce consistent settings along the tool bar.
Clamps are used in technical work , such as woodworking .
Clamps are used in technical work, such as woodworking.
Clamps are versatile tools that serve to temporarily hold work securely in place.
Clamps attached at predetermined intervals keep the strips in alignment.
Clamps belong to the module to the right of the joint.
Clamps can mar the wood.
Clamps can slide to any location on the rack to accommodate a wide range of stock.
Clamps come in two varieties.
Clamps come with special security screws and wrench.
Clamps control arterial blood flow while proximal and distal arteriotomies are made.
Clamps drop in and lift out for easy access.
Clamps end of workpiece into stationary holding fixture.
Clamps exist constantly on all septa, no polifications of clamps.
Clamps fit all standard size wheelchairs with spoke wheels.
Clamps fit all standard size wheelchairs with spoked wheels.
Clamps fittings onto cable ends and lowers reel into autoclave, using hoist.
Clamps flip out to secure the camera from the rear.
Clamps Get a variety of clamps and make a clamp rack.
Clamps have (part) sections.
Clamps have rubber tips that hold the support securely in place without scratching tabletops.
Clamps have slight rust.
Clamps indicate the route used for endoscopic observation and endoscope-guided biopsies.
Clamps keyboard assembly to coupler assembly and attaches assemblies to chassis frame.
Clamps serve only as temporary devices for holding work securely in place.
Clamps simply lift out and drop in for easy access.
Clamps siphon lid on crucible, and inserts other end of siphon into hole.
Clamps squeeze blood vessels and organs to stop bleeding.
Clamps There are various devices which can be used to clamp the skin around the testicles.
Clamps work best when tightened around the recess behind the barb.
Clamps work very well.
All clamps incorporate a moulded rubber shock bush to absorb vibration from the boom or atomiser.
Any clamps persuade recent hence most, meanwhile weapon clothe our.
Clamped design allows for easy removal of the centerbody for inspection and cleaning.
A clamshell is a shell
Clamshells are shells.
Clamshells are well suited to enhance the appearance of the potato contents.
ClamShells produce a soap with a completely smooth top - no indentations of any kind.
Clamshells provide better protection, but increase the postage cost.
All clamshells have standard delta style hang holes and snap close for a secure package.
Most clan chiefs agree that gatherings are best when held in their own lands.
Clan identity is inherited through the father.
Clan lineage is matrilineal, children take the clan of their mother.
Clan meetings allow everyone in that clan an opportunity to have their voice heard.
Clan names are unknown.
Clan supremacy seems to be all that matters.
Clan tartans are worn and so-called clan banners are carried in the procession.
Clan war is the warfare of the future.
A clan is a social group
Clans are a big part of online playing.
Clans are always a delicate issue where hosting is concerned.
Clans are concerned with keeping their own integrity and identity.
Clans are defined by the acoustic behavior of pods.
Clans are family groups.
Clans are games.
Clans are groups of people who play together often and have a set team structure.
Clans are groups of players that unite.
Clans are here to play.
Clans are like big families of characters that help each other out.
Clans are madeof families who have common from common ancestor.
Clans are matriarchal, named after plants and animals.
Clans are our speciality.
Clans are people grouped together around a common theme.
Clans are teams specialised in playing certain games against other clans.
Clans are teams that simply love to play the game and challenge other teams.
Clans are up and running.
Clans are usually exogamous.
Clans are very important to our understanding of the history of the Anasazi.
Clans await the slightest opening to conquer their neighbours.
Clans Being in a clan is very fun.
Clans can add other items to their halls.
Clans can also pick wearable objects one for clansman, clanhero, and subchief.
Clans can give a person information and family background.
Clans can have as many as one million members, although most are smaller.
Clans can have numerous types of tartans for different occasions.
Clans can pick either server, to suit whatever they see fit for their connections.
Clans can sign up here .
Clans combine forces for protection, access to water and good land, and political power.
Clans consist of a single breeding pair, young birds, and sons of the breeding male.
Clans consist of different pods that share the same calls and form a distinct linguistic group.
Clans consist of people related by blood and marriage who claim descent from a common ancestor.
Clans consist of pods with vocal dialects that are related to one another.
Clans consists of six large levels plus a final showdown with the boss bad guy.
Clans cover the whole of Scotland.
Clans have to accept their invitation by wednesday.
Clans is fine.
Clans is one of the clones.
Clans make little sense without the language, for proper kinship terms.
Clans now get the 'sacrifice' value of objects in their tubs at reboots.
Clans require time and lots of it, more for the leader than for the members.
Clans seek to protect their sovereign independence.
Clans vary enormously in regards to the character of the players involved.
Clans vary from one to twelve families.
Clans vary in size, however, ranging from four to thirty-five.
Clans often compete as a group on several of the gaming ladders out there.
Clans often consist of a dominant male, a dominant female, and their subordinate offspring.
Clans usually consist of a number of related unilineages .
Clans usually defend a territory, which contains the foraging and denning areas.
Clans usually hold property and have ceremonial and social control functions.
All clans have at least one tartan of their own.
All clans have places to which their spirits return when they die.
All clans have their own heraldic crest and motto.
Every clan has their own tartan.
Many clans develop friendships that survive beyond their Aardwolf adventures.
Many clans have more than one tartan.
Many clans own or rent game servers, which they practice or play games on.
Many clans wind up at a backyard, local park or family homestead.
Most clans advertise their favorite strategies on their webpages and most have a battle record.
Most clans are exogamous and matrilineal.
Most clans are exogamous.
Most clans are out there to practice, play as a team, and destroy the opposition.
Most clans live in one place.
Some clans are loyal but the majonty require a loyalty roll when activated.
Some clans claim several different setts, each for use under certain circumstances.
Some clans have a membership application form on their website - if they do, fill it out.
Some clans have only one tartan, others have many.
Some clans have several different origins located in different parts of Scotland.
Some clans take their names from nature and wildlife.
ClanDAVE members are there for the joy of the game and nothing more.
Clandestine abortions performed under unsafe conditions frequently result in serious complications.
Clandestine correspondence is equally unknown to men and women.
Clandestine council meets in Virginia.
Clandestine entry becomes the only recourse.
Clandestine farmers are out there now.
Clandestine flights pass through the region daily, gliding undetected below radar.
Clandestine labs use improvised equipment, without regard to safety.
Clandestine laboratories present numerous hazards to people and the environment.
Clandestine laboratories remain an increasing problem in the State.
Clandestine living is never wholesome.
A clang is noise
Clangs cymbals with little jingle type bells inside each cymbal.
A clanger is blunder
Clanger makes the pervasives available in a context called pvs .
Clank isa noise.
Clans names are family names.
A clansman is a member
Clansmen wear the crest badge without coronet andirathers.
Clapboard churches dot nearly every block.
Clapboard siding is interrupted by fishscale wooden trim.
Clapper rails build nests low in the marsh, near tidal sloughs.
Clapper rails feed on crayfish, small fish, clams, isopods, and a variety of insects.
A clapper is a striker
Clapper has Celtic designs.
Clapper is the president's top intelligence adviser.
Clapper isa organ.
Clapper rails skulk along the edges of waterways, moving in and out of the marsh grasses.
Clappers are part of bells.
Clappers are strikers.
Clappers call chiefly in early morning and early evening hours.
Clappers have (part) corpi.
Clappers have (part) lobes.
Clappers have (part) taste buds.
Clappers have (part) taste cells.
Clappers populate the newsstands.
Some clappers are part of beaks.
Some clappers are part of mouths.
Some clappers are part of necks.
Some clappers are part of pharynxs.
Some clappers are part of throats.
Some clappers have light.
Clapskate blades stay in contact with the ice longer than the traditional boot skates.
Claremont council is yet to install a public surveillance camera for crime prevention.
A clarence is carriage
Clarence abounds with Antique shops and the beautiful town park in just a short walk away.
Clarence abounds with Antique shops many within walking distance.
Clarence also enjoys playing and watching basketball.
Clarence asks to be let go.
Clarence backs up against a cage with a gorilla in it.
Clarence brings broad expertise in administration, grantsmanship, advising, and teaching.
Clarence can be a charming and personable boy.
Clarence continues to farm the ranch.
Clarence has a big vision with a chest and biceps to match.
Clarence has a business.
Clarence has one brother and ten sisters.
Clarence is a boring name.
Clarence is a consulting rosarian, horticultural judge and mechanics wizard.
Clarence is a cuddley bunny.
Clarence is a detachable back-pack with pockets to hold a handful of small treasures.
Clarence is a handwriting analyst.
Clarence is a male's name.
Clarence is afraid.
Clarence is also a collector of video arcade games .
Clarence is by far the sillyest of the group and the most mischievous.
Clarence is caught off guard.
Clarence is interested in contacting some of the plankowners.
Clarence is involved with irrigation and water resources research efforts.
Clarence is lauded by students as being a much-appreciated source of chocolate during test week.
Clarence is manager of an auto parts store.
Clarence is married and has an adult son.
Clarence is more of a speedy runner.
Clarence is neither the team mascot, nor a mascot or symbol representing West Indies cricket.
Clarence is one of our favorite artists.
Clarence is sent to the Tower.
Clarence is still there.
Clarence is the name for someone that wears a lace shirt and fancy French cravat.
Clarence is the name.
Clarence joins the army and dies later in the story of some medical complication with a migraine.
Clarence knows all the drivers.
Clarence loves fishing, roller blading, and all sports.
Clarence needs a loving, safe and structured home.
Clarence plays the wash tub in a cowboy band.
Clarence raises, among other things in a large garden plot, five varieties of sweet potatoes.
Clarence seems to have thought so.
Clarence travels on lecture tour.
Clarence tries to change the subject.
Clarence tries to keep it updated with current pictures.
Clarence wakes up and asks for a cup of wine.
Clarence wants no part of it.
Clarence writes the final entry in Hank' s journal.
Clarences are carriage.
Clarification appears necessary regarding the bill s provisions on rental rights and retroactivity.
Clarification can promote the success of the bill.
Clarification has been obtained, virtually the entire grade is based on student writing.
Clarification implies that there is an agreed policy.
Clarification includes the addition of a prologue to print matter and adding a new video sequence.
Clarification is a form of education, but it comes in response to conversation.
Clarification is a way to remove particles from stock to make it as clear as possible.
Clarification is an important goal for manual improvement.
Clarification is an interpretation
Clarification is critical to aid disputants in crafting agreements they can enforce.
Clarification is for the mind because our understanding is weak.
Clarification is in order.
Clarification is interpretations.
Clarification is key when first deciding what our boundaries are.
Clarification is likely to be achieved only via the courts.
Clarification is needed about the matching order of two endpoints of a channel.
Clarification is needed for statewide delivery justification.
Clarification is needed from the committee about the cost.
Clarification is needed here.
Clarification is needed in order to understand the impact on agricultural transporters.
Clarification is needed on policy and practice.
Clarification is needed on spending procedures for allocated funds.
Clarification is needed on the difference between hate crimes and hate incidents.
Clarification is needed on the process for spending the funds and on who handles the expenses.
Clarification is needed on the rules of assignment.
Clarification is needed on the status of notified agreements pending a decision.
Clarification is needed to define the rights of a producer of an audiovisual work.
Clarification is needed.
Clarification is one important factor in communication.
Clarification is pending.
Clarification is requested concerning which letter is the correct interpretation.
Clarification is required regarding gating of the underground.
Clarification is required regarding resolution of the space east of the parking ramp.
Clarification is required.
Clarification is still necessary regarding the bill s provisions on rental rights and retroactivity.
Clarification is the final step in maturation and required before bottling takes place.
Clarification is the process of removing suspended solids from water.
Clarification isa explanation.
Clarification occurs after misunderstanding or confusion.
Clarification regarding specific candidates is permitted.
Clarification takes up large chunk of time and is necessary for a successful group.
Clarifications are in the material below.
Clarifications are welcome.
Clarifications try to shed light on parts that students found tricky or hard to understand.
Any clarification can be directedto the list owner.
Every clarification breeds new questions.
More clarification is needed here.
Some clarification is in order.
Some clarification is necessary to avoid confusion when discussing competing technologies.
Some clarification is needed concerning what forest health and the indicators of decline refer to.
Some clarification is needed here.
Some clarification is needed in order to proceed.
Some clarification is needed on the baseline used to measure Canadian reductions.
Some clarification is needed.
Some clarification is on the way, however.
Some clarifications are apparently in order.
Some clarifications are in order.
Clarified polypropylene is less permeable to water vapor.
Clarified water is discharged ready for immediate reuse.
Clarified water passes through the sandbed at the bottom.
A clarinet is a reed
Clarinet are nearly agile as the flute but their tone is fuller and more powerful.
Clarinet is in excellent condition.
Clarinet is one of the best known services.
Clarinet is the first in our series of articles on repair.
Clarinet isa woodwind.
Clarinet provides the broadest range of financial and business information.
Clarinets are available in both wood and composition models.
Clarinets are cheap, and the reeds are literally a dime a dozen.
Clarinets are instruments.
Clarinets are located in bands.
Clarinets are located in cabinets.
Clarinets are located in jazz bands.
Clarinets are located in music stores.
Clarinets are located in orchestras.
Clarinets are musical instruments.
Clarinets are used for buying.
Clarinets are used for playing.
Clarinets are used for selling.
Clarinets are woodwind instruments.
Clarinets begin to swing.
Clarinets have (part) finger holes.
Clarinets have (part) sections.
Clarinets join hesitantly, adding metre and rhyme.
Clarinets take the second verse, Trumpets the third and so on.
Clarinets often play parts written for violins, when the band plays an orchestral transcription.
A clarinetist is a musician
Clarinetists have lots of time and money for the finest wines, oriental rugs, and exotic sports car.
Most clarinettists make notes on the reed once they are sure what the reed is like.
Clarino palm gives superior grip and palm durability.
A clarion is brass
Clarion attracts many tourists during the fall season.
Clarion calls on brass sound the climax before the music subsides.
Clarion contains options for checking referential integrity and data validity.
Clarion deals with one prime contractor per partnership.
Clarion has a policy against accepting manuscripts from young people.
Clarion has a tremendous football product and is rich in football tradition.
Clarion has one unit that can power four independant stations.
Clarion is a relatively new injection molding company.
Clarion is a simple tool for practicing the recognition of musical intervals.
Clarion is a software development tool.
Clarion is a well-known car stereo and audio equipment maker.
Clarion is highly selective in the areas of historical fiction, fantasy, and science fiction.
Clarion is located in Western Pennsylvania, about one and a half hours north of Pittsburgh.
Clarion is located in Wright County Iowa.
Clarion is one of the best secrets in the Bay Area.
Clarion markets a dozen display models.
Clarion now faces the rugged New Haven defense that shut out West Chester last week.
Clarion seems to have done well and expects to at least break even.
Clarion specializes in database, client server and internet technologies.
Clarion suggests going even farther.
Clarion takes six weeks.
Clarion turns out to have been a great topic of conversation.
Clarions also feature a restaurant with room service, an exercise room, meeting facilities and more.
Clarions are brass.
Clarions are companies.
Clarions are located in japans.
Claritin prescriptions are now available online at discount prices.
Clarity also helps change management.
Clarity also includes appropriate selection of variable and function names.
Clarity also means tight, concise writing.
Clarity also suffers if images are distorted on the screen.
Clarity Be clear in stating rights, rules, and limits.
Clarity beats faith every time.
Clarity begins at home, to be sure, but it quickly spreads into all the world.
Clarity breeds success.
Clarity brings laughter, love and joy.
Clarity comes as a result.
Clarity comes first.
Clarity comes from a one-page pitch.
Clarity comes from within.
Clarity comes only from completeness.
Clarity comes with experience.
Clarity comes with great effort.
Clarity depends upon organization.
Clarity describes the clearness or purity of a diamond.
Clarity determines the number of inclusions or flaws that are apparent in the diamond.
Clarity emerges from confusion.
Clarity ensures success.
Clarity generates reports on the accessibility of an entire web site, including summary statistics.
Clarity gives place to ambiguity and imprecision.
Clarity grows with practice.
Clarity grows with transformation.
Clarity happens when the subject is brought to the light of day.
Clarity has power.
Clarity has to emerge on the total policy framework for infrastructure.
Clarity improves communication which is the conduit for effective negotiations.
Clarity improves communication, which is necessary for effective negotiating.
Clarity improves communication, which is the conduit for effective negotiations.
Clarity includes the style of the site and the ease of understanding the information presented.
Clarity increases mid afternoon.
Clarity indicates the degree to which inclusions are present in the diamond.
Clarity is a cardinal virtue in communication.
Clarity is a fundamental perfection of thinking and a crucial aim of critical thinking.
Clarity is a garment.
Clarity is a good thing.
Clarity is a high priority.
Clarity is a key factor, because pure water has no color.
Clarity is a key issue.
Clarity is a major goal in writing.
Clarity is a measure of how much and how many flaws there are in the diamond.
Clarity is a natural product that contains no harsh chemicals and is easy and safe to apply.
Clarity is a prerequisite for both compliance and enforcement.
Clarity is a primary value in creating enforceable ethical duties.
Clarity is a priority.
Clarity is a process of writing and rewriting.
Clarity is a result of how well-fined or filtered is the beer.
Clarity is a virtue.
Clarity is a wonderful thing.
Clarity is a worldwide organization promoting clear legal language.
Clarity is about creating the space and time to think.
Clarity is about taking risks.
Clarity is about waking up.
Clarity is achieved by using good equipment located in good positions.
Clarity is affected by algae, soil particles, and other materials suspended in the water.
Clarity is aided by hundreds of micrographs, tables and diagrams.
Clarity is also a consideration.
Clarity is also an important evaluating factor, with eye clean spinels being highly valued.
Clarity is also at best average.
Clarity is also essential.
Clarity is also important.
Clarity is also our online objective.
Clarity is always to be treasured.
Clarity is amazing with a breathtaking feeling of a three dimensional world.
Clarity is an aspect of style as well as of organization.
Clarity is an essential ingredient when instructing a class.
Clarity is an important element of good writing.
Clarity is an indication of a diamond's purity.
Clarity is another concern.
Clarity is another essential element of any letter.
Clarity is another important consideration.
Clarity is another word that comes to mind.
Clarity is at least partly, and often predominantly, a temporal phenomenon, a problem of period.
Clarity is basically a low-volatile dicamba product.
Clarity is better.
Clarity is clarity.
Clarity is critical in reporting on race relations.
Clarity is critical.
Clarity is crucial.
Clarity is definitely a big plus for the phone.
Clarity is dependent on suspended particulate matter in the water.
Clarity is determined by nature.
Clarity is enhanced when information is shown in suitably distinguishable colors.
Clarity is especially important in a scope section.
Clarity is essential for a good application.
Clarity is essential.
Clarity is established through content and context.
Clarity is ether.
Clarity is even and stretches to the screen's limits in every shot.
Clarity is everything when it comes to contracts.
Clarity is everything.
Clarity is evident in the reporting of the study.
Clarity is excellence.
Clarity is excellent and the color is white with a very light tint of brown.
Clarity is excellent, aprox.
Clarity is excellent, however, and the score is very full sounding.
Clarity is excellent.
Clarity is extremely clear and fish runs are spotty at best.
Clarity is extremely important with young athletes because they have shorter attention spans.
Clarity is extremely important.
Clarity is fair to good.
Clarity is fair.
Clarity is gained at the expense of a certain stylistic verisimilitude.
Clarity is generally good throughout with just the odd evidence of grain.
Clarity is generally good.
Clarity is good, flow is moderate.
Clarity is good.
Clarity is graded on a scale ranging from flawless to imperfect.
Clarity is graded on a scale with a range from internally flawless to imperfect.
Clarity is great too.
Clarity is great, bright, crisp, clear.
Clarity is how well the information is conveyed to the visitor.
Clarity is imperative in online communication.
Clarity is important .
Clarity is important Clear goals are the second attribute of a motivating profit-sharing program.
Clarity is important from an information retrieval perspective.
Clarity is important in all training, and that is what the clicker and operant conditioning provide.
Clarity is important in the legal, legislative environment and in the pastoral environment, love is.
Clarity is important, as well as being concise.
Clarity is important.
Clarity is in the best interests of all parties to a contract.
Clarity is in the eye of the beholder.
Clarity is irrelevant in such a dark beer.
Clarity is key.
Clarity is king in ecommerce.
Clarity is less prone to volatilization.
Clarity is lost inside a thicket of bureocracy and regulation.
Clarity is maintained by crisp screen layouts and the frequent use of pull-down menus.
Clarity is more important than cleverness.
Clarity is more important than consistency of style.
Clarity is more important than literary merit.
Clarity is more important than neatness.
Clarity is more important than presentation.
Clarity is more important than sentence length.
Clarity is more important than space.
Clarity is more than just loudness.
Clarity is most achievable if one follows the money.
Clarity is most important and less acting.
Clarity is most important with less acting.
Clarity is most important, less acting.
Clarity is much more helpful than beating around the bush.
Clarity is much more important than eloquence.
Clarity is near flawless.
Clarity is needed at the outset.
Clarity is needed here.
Clarity is needed in reference to the water and sewer service lines.
Clarity is needed.
Clarity is no more difficult than looking to our perceptions of immediate and repetitive realities.
Clarity is nowhere to be found, and indecision rules over all.
Clarity is of the essence, both in structure and content.
Clarity is of the utmost importance.
Clarity is of utmost importance.
Clarity is on the way, even so.
Clarity is one important contributor.
Clarity is one of the hardest things to achieve in philosophy.
Clarity is one of the major things in comedy no matter what the emotion.
Clarity is one of the most important elements of effective business writing.
Clarity is paramount - if there is any confusion, use the long form.
Clarity is paramount.
Clarity is pleasurable.
Clarity is power.
Clarity is prized and brevity is a necessity.
Clarity is ranged from flawless to imperfect .
Clarity is rated in grades from flawless to imperfect.
Clarity is referred to with weird scientific labels.
Clarity is related to the goal of speaking to a wide audience.
Clarity is selective about who is brought on board.
Clarity is so rare that just to understand something feels like a triumph.
Clarity is superb.
Clarity is the basis of effective communication.
Clarity Is the content clear and effectively presented throughout the presentation.
Clarity is the contract language clearly understood.
Clarity is the degree of transparency of the crystal point or points on a cluster.
Clarity is the determining factor in the determining the number of signatures required per page.
Clarity is the first requirement.
Clarity is the first step to mastery.
Clarity is the first virtue of philosophy papers.
Clarity is the future of wireless.
Clarity is the gateway standard.
Clarity is the hallmark of a well-developed accountability skill.
Clarity is the hallmark of the language of manuals, which are task-oriented.
Clarity is the key.
Clarity is the main objective.
Clarity is the main point.
Clarity is the most important thing in mathematics.
Clarity is the name of the game.
Clarity is the navigation programme.
Clarity is the number one characteristic of good technical writing.
Clarity is the number one objective.
Clarity is the order of the day here.
Clarity is the prerequisite of comprehension.
Clarity is the presence or absence of flaws, which occur when the stone is being formed in nature.
Clarity is the rest of it.
Clarity is the secret of their success.
Clarity is the watchword here.
Clarity is there for sure.
Clarity is therefore vital.
Clarity is under constent improvement.
Clarity is understandability
Clarity is used to describe the presence of impurities on and within the gemstone.
Clarity is usually fair to good.
Clarity is very important in programming.
Clarity is vital.
Clarity is what is lost.
Clarity isa quality.
Clarity keeps the user from getting confused by too much irrelevant information.
Clarity Make structures and guidelines clear and widely understood.
Clarity makes sure that they are easy to understand by other programmers and compilers.
Clarity makes sure they are easy to understand by other programmers and compilers.
Clarity means abandoning obscurity And preferring more simplicity.
Clarity means being specific.
Clarity means concentrating on the meaning of words and avoiding ambiguity.
Clarity means explicitness and accuracy means completeness.
Clarity means having clearly identifiable premises and conclusions.
Clarity means that the sentence clearly and concisely states or describes the point of interest.
Clarity measures our distance from an object of thought.
Clarity needs to be established before the end of the commission s life span.
Clarity needs to be the main concern when presenting information to an international audience.
Clarity organizes models using a project management window called an object gallery.
Clarity Owing to their natural origin, all diamonds are unique and no two are exactly alike.
Clarity persists even in the densest counterpoint.
Clarity plays a roll only if it enhances the piece.
Clarity ranges from fair to cloudy.
Clarity ranges from transparent to translucent.
Clarity refers to flaws in the diamond.
Clarity refers to freedom from pollen grains, air bubbles, or other suspended materials.
Clarity refers to how many flaws, or inclusions, are in the diamond.
Clarity refers to the absence of internal flaws or inclusions.
Clarity refers to the clearness and accuracy of wording.
Clarity reigns as the preeminent virtue here.
Clarity requires simplification.
Clarity reveals itself in the ticking tail of a prairie falcon just landed on a telephone wire.
Clarity s free email newsletter.
Clarity seems the naturally developing result of restraint.
Clarity seems to be a major benefit.
Clarity suffers under such a debate policy.
Clarity takes effort.
Clarity Use precise language.
Clarity varies from year to year, depending on algal growth and suspended sediment in the lake.
Clarity always makes for smoother awards presentations at the end of the day.
Clarity always wins Teamwork - Help everybody win.
Clarity often happens by simply starting at the essence.
Clarity usually relieves headaches.
More clarity is needed here.
Some clarity comes from molecular phylogeny.
Some clarity comes from phylogeny.
Clarkrange soils are on gentle slopes and have a fragipan.
Clarksdale soils are on similar landscapes nearby, but are typically nearer the drainageways.
Clarksdale soils are on summits and side slopes on loess-mantled ground moraines.
Clarksdale soils have a thinner dark surface soil, and are closer to dissecting drainageways.
A clary sage is a sage
Clary sage contains a unique alcohol called sclareol.
Clary sage forms a rosette of large, velvety leaves the first year.
Clary sage has antidepressant properties with calming, uplifting, euphoric effects.
Clary sage has very similar properties as common sage oil but Clary sage in much safer.
Clary sage is euphoric, powerful, radiant, warm, lively, comforting and strengthening.
Clary sage is mildly hypotensive.
Clary sages are part of clary sages.
Clary sages are sages.
A clary is a salvia
Clary reviews the club investment portfolio performance over the last year.
CLAS faculty are very productive teachers and scholars.
CLAS students are exempt from the Knowledge Area defined by their major.
Clash of personalities is good for the ultimate product.
A clash is noise
Clash isa noise.
Clashes are also likely to occur over mandatory overtime.
Clashes are inevitable.
Clashes are on-going, with reports of live ammunition fire.
Clashes are ongoing.
Clashes break out along their common frontier.
Clashes can arise for several reasons.
Clashes continue around the hospital areas surrounded by soldiers between the army and residents.
Clashes continue throughout East Jerusalem.
Clashes erupt almost daily in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Clashes erupt following the provocative visit.
Clashes erupt in West Bank and Gaza strip.
Clashes flare at Lebanese border.
Clashes flare up occasionally.
Clashes occur against the rebels in the former Belgian Congo.
Clashes spread today across the Lebanese-Israeli borders.
Clashes still occur at times, and the usual reason is lack of awareness of the band plans.
Clashs are bands.
Clashs are conflict.
Clashes frequently occur on Israel's border with southern Lebanon.
A clasp is prehension
Clasp works well.
Clasps are closures.
Clasps are extra.
Clasps are fasteners.
Clasps are old and unique.
Clasps are part of bags.
Clasps are part of bracelets.
Clasps fasten on lower board.
Claspings are handling.
Clasps are always detailed interestingly and beautifully suited for each box.
Class A defines a set of invariants, preconditions, and postconditions.
Class a is comprised of a bundle of a helices connected by loops on the surface of the proteins.
A class act is an ideal
More class acts are on their way.
A class action is a case
Class action guides.
Class action is quite simply preposterous.
Class action is unknown and formally impossible.
Class action sounds like an idea who's time has come.
Class actions are also essential to the efficient function on the judicial system.
Class actions are also pending in Pennsylvania, New York and New Jersey.
Class actions are common in the USA for claims against manufacturers for faulty products.
Class actions are expensive and risky for employers.
Class actions are expensive to de- fend.
Class actions are extremely complex and time-consuming.
Class actions are lawsuits.
Class actions are one common type of complex litigation.
Class actions are possible in almost all areas of the law.
Class actions are relatively new to Canada.
Class actions are the legal example of the common sense principle that there is strength in numbers.
Class actions are tough to get certified by the courts.
Class actions are very powerful tools for consumers.
Class actions can compel government bureaucracies to follow the law.
Class actions continue to be a hot topic.
Class actions maintainable.
Class actions pose an even greater problem, in part because the economic stakes are higher.
Class analyses are possible in any site where surplus is produced.
Class attributes are defined inside a class definition but outside any method.
Class attributes have to be referenced by the object they belong to.
Class B Let's use a class B address to illustrate how subnetting works.
Class C Covers the placement of sitters only.
Class certifications are always subject to alteration or amendment until final judgment is entered.
Class changes are normally effective only with the issuing of the annual contract.
Class clown falls dead on tracks and got ran over by amtrac.
Class collaboration has a hold on fewer, but still too many labor leaders.
Class conflict appears here as a struggle between rival interpretations of republican traditions.
Class conflict is the most significant line of division in Great Britain.
Class conflicts are often dramatized, often shows both bad and heroic sides of persons.
Class consciousness can lead to a critical view of the class system as a social relation.
Class consciousness is far more open and less apologetic than it used to be.
Class consciousness is the most potent antidote to the poison of racism, prejudice and bigotry.
Class consciousness is transparent.
Class consciousness refers to the way people think about class and class divisions.
Class D Covers the placement of homemakers and sitters only.
Class D is used for a multicast address when messages are sent to multiple hosts simultaneously.
Class definitions provide the implementation code associated with a runtime object.
Class diagrams are both good and bad for learning objects.
Class diagrams offer a static view of classes and their relationships to each other.
Class diagrams show the static class structure of an object-oriented design project.
Every class diagram has classes, associations, and multiplicities.
Class division is scare tactics.
Class divisions are disturbingly sharp.
Class divisions grow ever more fixed, and class antagonisms more sharp.
Class divisions remain.
Class E uses a significant amount of second-harmonic voltage.
Class envy is stupid and childish.
Class fields are fields shared by all the instances of a given interface.
Class file is binary.
Class files are binary files, just like image files are.
Class files contain several pieces of information in a particular format.
All class functions including rosters, attendance, make-ups and wait lists.
Class groups are small and the course leads to recognised professional qualifications.
Class groups are small.
Class groups are welcome and the festival is free of charge.
Class groups give their presentations.
Class hatred runs deep in Russia.
Class hierarchies make construction, debugging and maintenance easier and encourage reuse.
Class hierarchies remain small.
Class hierarchy is distinguished from design hierarchy.
Class hierarchy is indeed distinct from status hierarchy, though they do frequently coincide.
Class inequalities tend to disappear with negative feedback.
Class inheritance is a foundation and a corner stone of object oriented design programming.
Class inheritance is essentially a static form of inheritance.
Class inheritance is transitive.
Class interest determines the geographical areas to be stressed.
Class interests count.
Class invariants are conditions that are guaranteed always to be true.
Class invariants are conditions that have to be met by any stable state of an object.
Class invariants are invariants on the methods of a class.
Class invariants express the fundamental integrity constraints on a class.
Class leaders lead the class and instruct the speakers.
All class leaders are volunteers and receive no pay.
Many class leaders are retired teachers and all are volunteers.
Class libraries make programming easier through code reuse.
Class loader can allow applets to load native code libraries.
Class loaders perform two functions.
Class marks are as shown below.
Class marks are barely in to the registrar.
Class meetings are a blend of lecture and discussion with frequent in-class writing activities.
Class meetings are a blend of lecture and discussion, with frequent, in-class writing activities.
Class meetings are a combination of lectures and small group discussions.
Class meetings are a key part of theprocess.
Class meetings are a mixture of lecture and interactive learning using computer based exercises.
Class meetings are a professional obligation, like rehearsals and concerts.
Class meetings are a time to develop understandings.
Class meetings are an important aspect of the class.
Class meetings are during the day.
Class meetings are five hours per week.
Class meetings are four to five hours per week.
Class meetings are important components of the course.
Class meetings are in black.
Class meetings are mandatory.
Class meetings are mostly lecture periods.
Class meetings are once a week for ninety minutes.
Class meetings are primarily devoted to student presentations of their thesis research in progress.
Class meetings are primarily for coordination of efforts on the project.
Class meetings are six hours per week plus tutorials.
Class meetings are six hours per week.
Class meetings are three hours a week for seven weeks.
Class meetings are three hours long.
Class meetings are to be regarded as important business appointments.
Class meetings are twice a week for ten weeks.
Class meetings are twice a week.
Class meetings are two hours a week for ten weeks.
Class meetings combine lecture, discussion, demonstration, and lab work.
Class meetings combine lectures with discussion and case analysis.
Class meetings consist of labs and lectures.
Class meetings consist of lectures, discussions, and audio-visual supplements.
Class meetings continue with discussion, critical thinking, and problem solving.
Class meetings depend upon the questions raised by students.
Class meetings emphasize analysis of assigned readings.
Class meetings explore topics related to learners, classroom settings and teaching.
Class meetings focus on research findings, methodology, and the development of theory.
Class meetings focus on the consultative and problem-solving processes.
Class meetings have precedence over homework assignments.
Class meetings occur once a month on Thursdays during the middle school assembly period.
Class meetings offer a problem-solving forum.
Class meetings provide children with opportunities for assuming responsibilities.
Class meetings take place twice weekly for four weeks.
Class meetings tend to focus on discussing content learned online and addressing questions.
All class meetings are for discussion.
All class meetings are mandatory.
All class meetings are, of course, mandatory.
Every class meeting is essential.
Every class meeting is important.
Most class meetings are devoted to individual help, demonstrations, and design reviews.
Most class meetings are outdoors.
Most class meetings involve considerable discussion.
Some class meetings are devoted to project reviews and consulting with peers and the instructor.
Some class meetings occur off- campus.
Class method can only access other class members.
Class method is discussion and interruptible lecture.
Class methods are common to an entire class.
Class methods are methods that are called on a class rather than an instance.
Class methods are only accessable to a class object, and instance of course to instances.
Class methods are only accessible to a class object, and instance of course to instances.
Class methods can only access other class members.
Class methods emphasize reading primary sources in translation and research and writing.
Class methods operate on the entire class.
Class methods operate on the object that represents the class.
Class methods operate without reference to a specific object.
Class methods require the trailing parenthesis for clarity, same as variable object methods.
Most class methods are importable.
Most class methods create new objects of that class.
Class number is correct.
Class number represents the background.
Class numbers are hypothetical.
Class numbers are limited to ensure each student receives the proper care and attention.
Class numbers are limited.
Class numbers are small to maximise participant development.
Class numbers are strictly limited, with no more than six students in any class.
Class Numbers Fill out a student profile to receive class numbers and sign up for exams.
Class objects can easily process text by specifying the actions to perform on the represented text.
Class objects define the attributes, methods and messages of a similar group of objects.
Class objects have one more special property, indicating the meta-class they are an instance of.
Class objects play an important role in reflection.
Class objects reveal references from static members.
Some classes of drugs can treat several conditions.
Class of service is unidirectional.
Class of service refers to container type.
All classes of service have access to campus dialing.
Class officers are a good way to convey concerns about the library.
Class officers are responsible for governance within their own class.
Class officers can update the site using their browser.
Class officers have class list management for follow-up and reunion planning.
Class officers help to determine priorities and act to promote the interests of class members.
Class officers work hard to keep their classmates connected to one another as well as to the school.
All class officers are also members of the council.
A class period is a session
Class period is spent working to solve problems with teacher guidance if needed.
Class periods are devoted to reviewing source code and deducing the structure of the system.
Class periods are forty-five minutes long.
Class periods are usually fifty minutes in length.
Class periods begin and end as per the college schedule.
Class periods consist of discussion of the reading and critiques of student articles.
Class periods involve lecture material related to topics covered in assigned readings.
Every class period is important.
Some class periods are part of curricula.
Some class periods are part of syllabi.
Some class periods are part of workshops.
Some class periods seems to zip by whereas others seem to go on forever.
Class pictures are very common.
Class Pictures See our Busy Bees in action.
Class Pictures Take a look at our . . .
Class rank appears to be the best predictor of retention.
Class rank is also a helpful measure of academic performance.
Class rank is an important consideration.
Class rank is an important factor too.
Class rank is an important piece of the admissions puzzle.
Class rank is available to graduates only.
Class rank is based on all students and on all subjects.
Class rank is based on semester grades in all subjects, beginning with ninth grade.
Class rank is based on the weighted grade average for each student.
Class rank is based upon a student's cumulative grade point average.
Class rank is calculated at the end of the year.
Class rank is computed at the end of each semester.
Class rank is computed at the end of the student's fifth through eighth semesters.
Class rank is computed by using official semester grades beginning with the ninth grade.
Class rank is computed using the designated quality points for each final grade.
Class rank is designed to serve as an indicator of a student's probability for college success.
Class rank is determined at the completion of eight semesters.
Class rank is determined at the end of the freshman year and is updated at the end of each semester.
Class rank is determined at the end of the sixth, seventh, and eighth terms.
Class rank is eliminated.
Class rank is indicated on the transcript above each year's grades as a fraction.
Class rank is noted on the transcript above each years's grade as a fraction.
Class rank is optional, but considered when submitted.
Class rank is processed once a year at the end of the academic year.
Class rank is reported in deciles.
Class rank is reported on all transcripts to colleges and is recorded on the permanent record card.
Class rank is reported on all transcripts to colleges and recorded on the transcript.
Class rank tends to reveal the students who stand out as competitive in most of the academic areas.
Class representatives are the spokesperson for their respective class opinions.
All class representatives stand together in front of the student body.
Class reunion is reunion.
Class reunion reports given.
Class reunions are interesting events.
Class reunions are so much fun.
Class reunions meet at various locations on campus in the morning and over lunch.
Class reunions provide disc jockeys with a very difficult challenge.
Most class reunions serve as a reminder as to how important it is to make friends along the path.
Class rings are rings manufactured and sold to high school students to commemorate their graduation.
Class rings are special ordered upon request.
Class rings are specific to class year.
Most class rings use lab created synthetic stones.
Class room visits.
Many class rooms have more for individual and small group instruction.
Class secretaries track new boat registrations, rule changes and national competitions.
Class size affects the level of interaction between students and instructors.
Class size allows close contact between students and faculty.
Class size allows for individual attention.
Class size averages eight students.
Class size averages fourteen to sixteen students to ensure individualized instruction.
Class size averages nine students.
Class size can be a problem, especially for freshmen.
Class size can be as small as two people or as as many show up for the day.
Class size can range from one to ten students.
Class size continues to be the subject of national debate.
Class size depends on the kind of program selected by the applicant.
Class size depends on the number and levels of students attending classes at the same time.
Class size depends on the skill being developed.
Class size depends upon the student's abilities.
Class size determines class length.
Class size dictates that extraneous noise be kept to a minimum.
Class size does make a difference.
Class Size Does Make a Difference.
Class size has a lot to do with how a child learns.
Class size has an impact on the quality of provision for a number of reasons.
Class size is a consideration.
Class size is a critical component.
Class size is a key issue.
Class size is a maximum of three students.
Class size is a maximum of two students per class with one instructor.
Class size is a minimum of ten and a maximum of twenty.
Class size is a problem, a big problem.
Class size is adequate.
Class size is also critical factor.
Class size is also important.
Class size is also limited for optimum interaction between participants and instructors.
Class size is always limited to provide a personalized class and plenty of individual attention.
Class size is always small, so each child receives personal attention.
Class size is always small.
Class size is an issue.
Class size is another appealing aspect of attending a satellite campus.
Class size is another casualty of the speed-up.
Class size is approximately fifteen to twenty students.
Class size is at the discretion of building administration.
Class size is cited as the most important educational factor to most parents.
Class size is conducive to learning.
Class size is controlled to provide a greater degree of individual support.
Class size is controlled to provide better student-teacher interaction and individual help.
Class size is dependent upon the request.
Class size is four adults.
Class size is generally one person to a computer.
Class size is generally small and teachers are able to provide individual assistance.
Class size is generally smaller in evening courses than in day courses.
Class size is held to ten students so that participants can receive maximum individual attention.
Class size is important.
Class size is kept limited to a maximum of four students and one instructor per boat.
Class size is kept small in order to provide personalized instruction.
Class size is kept small so each student gets as much individual attention as possible.
Class size is kept small to allow for questions during the seminar.
Class size is kept small to enable active participation.
Class size is kept small to encourage interactivity.
Class size is kept small to ensure a degree of personalized attention.
Class size is kept small to maximize individual attention.
Class size is kept small to provide ample hands-on experience.
Class size is kept small to provide individual attention.
Class size is kept small to provide the highest quality experience for students of all levels.
Class size is kept small, and professors are available to students.
Class size is kept small, averaging six students per teacher.
Class size is kept small, so please register early.
Class size is kept small, so register early.
Class size is kept small.
Class size is kept to a level that allows everyone to get individual attention.
Class size is kept to a minimum in order to facilitate interaction between teacher and students.
Class size is larger at the high school level than at the elementary level.
Class size is larger.
Class size is limited - plan ahead.
Class size is limited .
Class size is limited and acceptance into the program is on a competitive basis.
Class size is limited and acceptance is on a space-available basis only.
Class size is limited and admission is competitive.
Class size is limited and advance registration and payment is required.
Class size is limited and advance registration is required.
Class size is limited and advanced registration is required.
Class size is limited and all admissions are competitive.
Class size is limited and application is required.
Class size is limited and child care is offered on a limited basis.
Class size is limited and courses are subject to cancellation for low enrollment.
Class size is limited and curriculum materials are carefully selected to meet high standards.
