Leaves are oval, unifoliate, and borne on short petioles along the entire stem.
Leaves are oval,rubbery and generic.
Leaves are oval.
Leaves are ovate and come to a pronounced point.
Leaves are ovate to elliptical with large petioles.
Leaves are ovate to lanceolate in shape with slightly toothed margins.
Leaves are ovate, alternate, and entire or lobed.
Leaves are ovate, smooth to wavy-edged and tapered to the tip.
Leaves are pale frosty green.
Leaves are pale green above and light to greyish green below.
Leaves are pale green or yellowish.
Leaves are pale green, alternate, narrow, and pointed at both ends.
Leaves are pale green, deeply lobed and covered with fine soft hairs.
Leaves are pale yellow-green at any stage of development.
Leaves are pale, distorted, and very narrow with some interveinal yellowing on older leaves.
Leaves are pale, tend to wilt, and drop early.
Leaves are palmately compound and sometimes spiny at the base.
Leaves are palmately compound, usually having five leaflets.
Leaves are pastel green.
Leaves are permission.
Leaves are pinnate and occasionally end in a rudimentary tendril.
Leaves are pinnate ending in a very small tendril.
Leaves are pinnate with one to five pairs of leaflets.
Leaves are pinnate, dark green and somewhat leathery.
Leaves are pinnately compound, alternate, and linear with entire margins.
Leaves are poisonous at all times, even when they are dry.
Leaves are poisonous to livestock and humans.
Leaves are present only at the seedling stage but thereafter are replaced by spines or scales.
Leaves are pretty bright green for now.
Leaves are produced at the apical meristem .
Leaves are prominently three-veined.
Leaves are pubescent and ovate.
Leaves are quite velvety on their undersides but rough hairy above.
Leaves are rather short and broad.
Leaves are rather sparse.
Leaves are readily available in the fall.
Leaves are ready for harvest when four inches long, usually four to six weeks after sowing.
Leaves are ready to harvest six to eight weeks from time of sowing.
Leaves are red underneath.
Leaves are red when unfolding and later become bluish-green above and paler and smooth beneath.
Leaves are red when unfolding, then become bluish-green.
Leaves are reddish when young, and become dark green above, light green below.
Leaves are reduced or modified into spines to prevent the loss of water from their surface.
Leaves are relatively broad, bave numerous but small stomata, and are covered with a waxy bloom.
Leaves are relatively large, elliptic with acute tips, petioled, and strongly veined.
Leaves are relatively small, narrow and arrow-shaped.
Leaves are reniform and emarginate.
Leaves are responsible for photosynthesis.
Leaves are rich green with the underside of the new growth having a rusty or bronze sheen.
Leaves are rich in carbon, minerals and fibre.
Leaves are rich in iron and are supposed to prevent miscarriage.
Leaves are rigid and pungent when crushed.
Leaves are rough and large.
Leaves are round and hollow.
Leaves are round and stem-like, with a unique corkscrew spiral all the way up to the tip.
Leaves are round to oval, green with red-purple veins and short leaf stalks.
Leaves are round with long petiole and rounded serrations.
Leaves are scale like to needle like.
Leaves are scale-like, overlapping, completely covering stems.
Leaves are sessile and clasp the stem a little.
Leaves are sessile.
Leaves are shiny and droopy with rusty hair below.
Leaves are shiny and glossy, attractive even with no spaths.
Leaves are shiny dark green above and light green below.
Leaves are shiny deep green, and the fall flowers dangle in white pendants.
Leaves are shiny green and flowers are inconspicuous in the spring.
Leaves are shiny in appearance.
Leaves are short and broad with hairs on both sides.
Leaves are short petioled and form a tight mound of well-spotted foliage.
Leaves are silvery beneath and tomentose or fuzzy.
Leaves are silvery, white.
Leaves are silvery-green and branches slightly thorny.
Leaves are similar to costus barbatus.
Leaves are similar to diffuse knapweed.
Leaves are simple and elm like in the summer.
Leaves are simple and fragrant.
Leaves are simple and narrowly elliptical to oblong.
Leaves are simple and narrowly elliptical, have a characteristic of five veined leaf blade.
Leaves are simple and placed alternately on the stem.
Leaves are simple and small.
Leaves are simple and triangular shaped, slightly cordate, sharply acuminate.
Leaves are simple but deeply lobed.
Leaves are simple having petiole.
Leaves are simple or compound with lobed, parted, or undivided leaf blades.
Leaves are simple or compound.
Leaves are simple, alternate and deciduous with irregular small, rounded lobes and pubescence below.
Leaves are simple, alternate and entire, or toothed near the apex.
Leaves are simple, alternate, and entire.
Leaves are simple, alternate, and narrowly elliptical.
Leaves are simple, alternate, and shallowly to deeply lobed.
Leaves are simple, alternate, elongated and a pointed apex.
Leaves are simple, ashy green on top and slightly yellowish beneath, later they become much darker.
Leaves are simple, bright, oval or elliptical and dark green in colour.
Leaves are simple, broad, oval and variable in breadth.
Leaves are simple, large, and leathery.
Leaves are simple, longer than they are wide, gray green in color.
Leaves are simple, opposite and oval to oblong in shape.
Leaves are simple, shiny, opposite in arrangement and inverted-egg shaped.
Leaves are simple.
Leaves are single but arranged in false whorls and are deciduous in one year.
Leaves are single but arranged in false whorls and persist for several years.
Leaves are single or double serrated on the edges.
Leaves are singles.
Leaves are situated on fronds.
Leaves are skeletonized as larvae increase in size.
Leaves are slender and nearly as long as the stems and highly palatable to livestock.
Leaves are slender, smooth, and have crinkled edges with spiny margins.
Leaves are slightly longer then they are wide.
Leaves are slightly pubescent above and white tomentose below.
Leaves are small and fuzzy with a sweet, clove-like fragrance.
Leaves are small and grey-green.
Leaves are small and narrow.
Leaves are small and roots stunted.
Leaves are small and scale-like.
Leaves are small and sparse and their color is a dull pale green.
Leaves are Small and spiny shaped.
Leaves are small rounded with white veins.
Leaves are small triangular flaps arranged alternately on the stem.
Leaves are small, obscurely lobed, and have a pine-citrus fragrance.
Leaves are small, opposite, slightly toothed toward the ends.
Leaves are small, pointed and bright green, when rubbed give off a pleasant scent.
Leaves are small, pointed and give off a pleasant scent when rubbed.
Leaves are small, round and bright green.
Leaves are small, thin, perhaps with purple veins.
Leaves are smaller and less divided in the middle and terminal portions of the plant.
Leaves are smaller and more compact.
Leaves are smaller in size and clumped together, so the grass has a stunted appearance.
Leaves are smaller than normal .
Leaves are smaller than normal and few in number.
Leaves are smaller than sweet basil but the same color green.
Leaves are smaller, and growth is slower.
Leaves are smaller, more compact.
Leaves are smoky-white centred with green edges.
Leaves are smooth and flat, near a half inch wide, elongated, narrow at the base.
Leaves are smooth and glossy, are scented and grow long.
Leaves are smooth and narrowly oval.
Leaves are smooth, dark green, and shiny on the top.
Leaves are smooth, hairless and deeply keeled.
Leaves are smooth.
Leaves are so varied in shape that they, too, can add interest to a boring area.
Leaves are soft and fernlike.
Leaves are soft and hairy beneath.
Leaves are softly hairy.
Leaves are solid green.
Leaves are sometimes opposite near the base and alternate towards the apex.
Leaves are somewhat shiny but are also lightly hirsute.
Leaves are sparse in number.
Leaves are spear-like and whirled around the stem.
Leaves are spear-like and whorled around the stem.
Leaves are spine tipped, and concave or flat on upper surface.
Leaves are spotted a dark green to brown and drop early.
Leaves are star-shaped, about as broad as they are long, and are borne alternately on the twigs.
Leaves are still green, although it is mid-winter.
Leaves are stomatiferous above and below.
Leaves are straight in the bottom half, but twist and spiral in the top half.
Leaves are straplike, to three feet long.
Leaves are strap-shapes and covered with wax.
Leaves are strikingly like living, painted boat sails.
Leaves are stunted and pale green or yellowish between the veins.
Leaves are stunted.
Leaves are succulent and of various shapes.
Leaves are susceptible for only a few days after emergence.
Leaves are susceptible for only a few days after they emerge.
Leaves are susceptible from bud break until they reach maturity.
Leaves are susceptible once they are fully expanded and remain susceptible throughout their life.
Leaves are susceptible to infection when young but become resistant as they age.
Leaves are susceptible to leaf spot.
Leaves are susceptible to powdery mildew.
Leaves are sword-shaped, and the plant grows in clumps.
Leaves are teal and avocado green.
Leaves are teal blue.
Leaves are tender in spring, with fewer aromatic oils.
Leaves are textured, light green color bordered with brown, tipped with a red edge.
Leaves are the best year-round source of protein in the rain forest.
Leaves are the cat's meow in a salad when eaten young, either raw or steamed.
Leaves are the convex volumes that nodes carve the world into.
Leaves are the easiest way to tell trees apart.
Leaves are the flat appendages of the stem where photosynthesis occurs.
Leaves are the food factories of a tree.
Leaves are the food factories of plants.
Leaves are the food factories of the plant.
Leaves are the food making factories of green plants.
Leaves are the food of choice for some monkey species.
Leaves are the food-manufacturing organs of the tree.
Leaves are the green food-making parts of the plant.
Leaves are the individual members.
Leaves are the main organs of photosynthesis and transpiration.
Leaves are the main organs that carry out photosynthesis.
Leaves are the main sites of energy production for the plant.
Leaves are the main sites of photosynthesis.
Leaves are the major source in most species.
Leaves are the most common place to see mildew.
Leaves are the most difficult problem because they turn to mush and flow through the pump strainers.
Leaves are the most frequently affected plant part.
Leaves are the most obvious part of typical plants.
Leaves are the most stunning color in autumn.
Leaves are the most valuable part of the hay since they have the highest quality.
Leaves are the only plant part affected.
Leaves are the part of the crown of a tree.
Leaves are the powerhouses of the plants where sunlight energy is transformed into plant energy.
Leaves Are the primary photosynthetic organs of a plant.
Leaves are the primary sink for movement of water because of water loss through transpiration.
Leaves are the primary site of photosynthisis in most plants.
Leaves are the principal appendage borne by the stem.
Leaves are the site of the food making process called photosynthesis .
Leaves are the site of the food making process called photosynthesis.
Leaves are the sites of photosynthesis in plants.
Leaves are the sites of photosynthesis.
Leaves are the usual site of photosynthesis in the plant.
Leaves are thick and dark green in colour, veins are white.
Leaves are thick and fleshy, light green and wedge-shaped.
Leaves are thick and leathery.
Leaves are thick and rounded.
Leaves are thick and wedge-shaped.
Leaves are thick and woolly and therefore unplalatable to livestock.
Leaves are thick texture and arranged in a compact whorl around it's cane, similar to a rose.
Leaves are thick, curled and brittle.
Leaves are thick, fleshy and glabrous.
Leaves are thick, small and hide-like.
Leaves are thick, smaller, and more lobed to protect the leaf from higher temps.
Leaves are thick, smooth, rich green on top with deep red underneath.
Leaves are thick, succulent, smooth and shiny.
Leaves are thick-textured, very crinkled and dark green in color.
Leaves are thin and oblong.
Leaves are thin and taper into pointed tips.
Leaves are thin to allow maximum sunlight penetration.
Leaves are thin, broad in middle, dark green and of variable shape and measurement.
Leaves are thin, papery and rough above, and paler and hairy along the veins underneath.
Leaves are thinner, crisper, and milder than common green cabbage.
Leaves are tiny and velvety on trailing stems.
Leaves are tonic and loved by cats.
Leaves are toothed at the edges.
Leaves are toothless.
Leaves are tough and traps in between a spathulata and veitchii.
Leaves are tough, oblong and dull green in colour.
Leaves are toxic.
Leaves are triangular in shape and lobed.
Leaves are triangular shaped with three prominent veins and serrated margins.
Leaves are trifoliate and spirally arranged on the stem.
Leaves are tri-foliate, leaflets being comparatively broader, hairy and usually trilobed.
Leaves are trifoliate.
Leaves are tripartite.
Leaves are turned into spines to prevent loss of water.
Leaves are twice pinnate, resembling parsley.
Leaves are two to four inches long.
Leaves are two to three inches long.
Leaves are typical of dogwoods, with distinct veins running towards the tip.
Leaves are typically hairy underneath, especially along the midrib but can be entirely smooth.
Leaves are typically strongly canaliculate.
Leaves are uniformly narrow from base to tip.
Leaves are unspotted and compact.
Leaves are up to a foot long and are clustered at branch tips.
Leaves are up to two feet long.
Leaves are upright.
Leaves are used as a fomentation.
Leaves are used by healers when exorcizing spirits.
Leaves are usually alternate.
Leaves are usually at least partially deciduous by fall.
Leaves are usually broad and flat.
Leaves are usually broad and rounded to wedge shaped at the base.
Leaves are usually dark green and moderately stiff.
Leaves are usually entire but are sometimes three-lobed on vigorous plants.
Leaves are usually green, but there are some cultivars available with white variegation.
Leaves are usually greyish-green.
Leaves are usually hairless and bright green.
Leaves are usually hairy and arranged in opposite pairs .
Leaves are usually large and broad.
Leaves are usually narrow and wedge-shaped at the base.
Leaves are usually needle-like, but can also show a broad flat shape.
Leaves are usually of a leather-like texture.
Leaves are usually opposite, simple, or more often pinnatified or pinnate.
Leaves are usually opposite, up to four inches long, and extremely variable in shape.
Leaves are usually shiny, dark green on the upper surface and pale green on the lower surface.
Leaves are usually short, stiff, erect and more narrow than normal.
Leaves are usually somewhat clustered at the end of the twigs and borne erect.
Leaves are usually square or nearly heart-shaped at the base.
Leaves are usually warm to the touch.
Leaves are usually yellow and small, and the tree lacks vigor.
Leaves are usually yellow- ish, later brown, at the margins and between the veins.
Leaves are variable but are most often somewhat kite-shaped.
Leaves are variable in shape and size.
Leaves are variable, depending on the species.
Leaves are variable.
Leaves are variegated and come in many variations of green, pink, and white.
Leaves are very dark green, very tight, heavy and curled.
Leaves are very deeply dissected and light green with creamy, marbled variegation.
Leaves are very diverse in their shape and form and in their arrangement on the plant stem.
Leaves are very flimsy.
Leaves are very large and compound.
Leaves are very large and dark green.
Leaves are very long and linear.
Leaves are very long and thin and have two to four teeth at the tip.
Leaves are very narrow.
Leaves are very peppery.
Leaves are very shiny and dark green.
Leaves are very small or non existent.
Leaves are very small, thin and numerous.
Leaves are wavy at the edges .
Leaves are wavy lobed, and, as the plant matures, the lobes become triangular-shaped.
Leaves are waxy and pale green with few hairs.
Leaves are waxy and stiff.
Leaves are wedge-shaped and taper toward the base, and are thick, fleshy, and glabrous.
Leaves are well above the water.
Leaves are well adapted to their environment.
Leaves are whit beneath and quiver in the wind.
Leaves are white-woolly beneath.
Leaves are whitish and hairy beneath.
Leaves are whitish underneath and frequently insect damaged.
Leaves are wide and dull green with top of the leaf blade facing up.
Leaves are wide at the base and taper distinctly to the tip.
Leaves are wide but thin to collect the maximum amount of sunlight at minimal metabolic cost.
Leaves are wide, shiny, and dark green in color.
Leaves are wider, thinner, and more surface area to capture more sunlight.
Leaves are without stalks are shiny deep green and are deeply toothed.
Leaves are without translucent borders.
Leaves are xerophytic with a thick cuticle, sunken stomata.
Leaves are yellow green with red veining or zones.
Leaves are yellow green.
Leaves are yellow to reddish in fall.
Leaves are yellow, and grow faster than non-yellow leaves.
Leaves are yellow, stippled and dirty.
Leaves are yellow-green and palmate with spiny stems.
Leaves are yellow-green but have no fall color.
Leaves are yellow-green, with black dots on the underside.
Leaves are yellowish between the veins.
Leaves arise from all sides of branch.
Leaves arise from branch mostly in one plane.
Leaves arise from the differentiation of cells at the shoot apical meristem.
Leaves arise on opposite sides of the main shoot or stem.
Leaves arise scattered along the rhizome and are lax or drooping.
Leaves assume a reddish tint in winter when grown in full sun.
Leaves attract, capture, digest prey Passive trap in pitcher plant.
Leaves be yummy.
Leaves become a striking coral-red in summer.
Leaves become brown, dry and brittle.
Leaves become dry and have a full bronze sheen.
Leaves become dry, brittle, and ragged.
Leaves become dwarfed, yellow and misshapen.
Leaves become increasingly mottled until the green areas disappear and the leaves die.
Leaves become more yellow in the sun.
Leaves become mottled and white in appearance.
Leaves become necrotic with or without wedge-shaped sections.
Leaves become puckered, cup downward.
Leaves become puffy and the tissue is thickened, puckered and brittle.
Leaves become red and deformed.
Leaves become red in cold weather.
Leaves become smaller and thorns or spines more frequent.
Leaves become smaller toward the top of the shoot and have smooth margins.
Leaves become speckled and pale.
Leaves become tendril-like and enations form on abaxial leaf surfaces.
Leaves become thickened and brittle.
Leaves become white, stippled in spots.
Leaves become wrinkled and plants are unthrifty.
Leaves become yellow and distorted and drop off.
Leaves become yellow or brownish red.
Leaves become yellow then brown, and wilt downward two to four weeks after initial infection.
Leaves become yellow, white or brown, and then crinkle and die.
Leaves begin dark green and age to purple.
Leaves begin to dry, turn brown, and become crisp.
Leaves begin to twist spirally.
Leaves bipinnate or tripinnate.
Leaves bipinnate, sensitive to touch.
Leaves Blades about in.
Leaves blend a sweet, grassy taste with a hint of licorice.
Leaves blow in the wind.
Leaves blow off float down twirl slow up turn And move out into the main stream at high speed.
Leaves blown through the scene can help tell the story.
Leaves boiled in water, the extract is given orally to nursing mothers to hasten lactation.
Leaves breathe in carbon dioxide and breathe out oxygen.
Leaves bronzy green on top, underside olive green.
Leaves bronzy when young.
Leaves brought to the colony are clipped into small pieces and chewed into a soft pulp.
Leaves burn in the sun like suns.
Leaves can actually contribute a high percentage of the howler diets.
Leaves can also form new plants, when mitosis at meristems along leaf margins takes place.
Leaves can appear to be strap-shaped and spindly.
Leaves can be a mulch.
Leaves can be arrow, lance, or grass-like.
Leaves can be as much as nine feet across, even in Britain.
Leaves can be dark green or somewhat lighter.
Leaves can be either simple or compound.
Leaves can be from four inches to two feet long.
Leaves can be many shapes from round to heart-shaped to oblong.
Leaves can be oblanceolate, narrow elliptic, or ovate.
Leaves can be simple .
Leaves can be slippery.
Leaves can be smooth or hairy, shiny or dull.
Leaves can be soft or hard, even hairy.
Leaves can be soft, prickly, hairy, and hard.
Leaves can be very big , over in length .
Leaves can become yellow and brown and drop prematurely.
Leaves can choke, even plastic plants.
Leaves can consist of a single blade or can be divided into two or more blades.
Leaves can create a problem in the winter.
Leaves can grow quickly.
Leaves can have a wedge-shaped necrotic area which is confined between leaf veins.
Leaves can have an laxative effect if eaten in large amounts.
Leaves can have different arrangements on a stem.
Leaves can have shallow indentations or deeper indentations, forming lobes.
Leaves can keep animals warm.
Leaves can keep seeds from dying.
Leaves can keep the ground warm.
Leaves can kill intestinal worms and are used as an irritant and purgative.
Leaves can make homes for animals.
Leaves can mat together, making it difficult to bury waste.
Leaves can present a serious traffic and drainage hazard.
Leaves can readily absorb nitrogen in the nitrate, ammonium, or urea form.
Leaves can regenerate both roots and shoots.
Leaves can remain fresh for up to two weeks in the vegetable crisper.
Leaves can remain functional for several years.
Leaves can store food and water, and are modified in some plants for other purposes.
Leaves can turn from green to red when temperatures dip to freezing.
Leaves capture sunlight to make energy for the plant through the process of photosynthesis .
Leaves capture sunlight to make food for the plant through the process of photosynthesis .
Leaves care away that telecom.
Leaves carry on photosynthesis and develop nourishment for next year's growth.
Leaves change color due to shifting rhythm of the day and night.
Leaves change color in the fall because the days grow shorter with fewer hours of sunlight.
Leaves change color with the seasons.
Leaves change colors.
Leaves change early in season to yellow red.
Leaves change sunlight into energy through photosynthesis.
Leaves change their color, temperatures plummet, and winds pick up.
Leaves change their colors.
Leaves chrome clean and shiny.
Leaves clasp the stem, forming conspicuous basal sheaths.
Leaves cloud to lame mothball, flow on foaming on eyes.
Leaves coat soft and manageable.
Leaves coats glossy and manageable without irritating the skin.
Leaves coats healthy-looking and lustrous.
Leaves Collect a variety of leaves.
Leaves come in a variety of shapes, sizes, color, and textures.
Leaves come in a wide variety of shapes and colors.
Leaves come in many different shapes and sizes.
Leaves come in many different shapes.
Leaves come in many shapes and sizes .
Leaves come in many shapes and sizes.
Leaves come in many shapes, colors and sizes.
Leaves come in virtually every shade of green - sometimes with other colors mixed in.
Leaves come out at acute angle with the stem.
Leaves compound in threes and finely cut.
Leaves compound in threes.
Leaves compound, with three large acute or acuminate leaflets .
Leaves connate pairwise at base.
Leaves consist of a. b. c. d. dermal tissue only.
Leaves consist of five glossy leaflets, which drop from the tree toward the end of the summer.
Leaves consist of three leaflets.
Leaves consist of three-lobed leaflets.
Leaves consist of two parts - the blade and the petiole .
Leaves conspicuously ligulate .
Leaves conspicuously stipulate .
Leaves contain carbon.
Leaves contain chlorophyll, a natural green coloring.
Leaves contain isovitexin and vitexin.
Leaves contain lower concentrations of the alkaloids.
Leaves contain malic, citric, and isocitric acid, as well as rutin and quercetin.
Leaves contain other substances besides chlorophyll that give the leaf color.
Leaves contain oxydase and chlorogenic acid.
Leaves contain seven to nine leaflets.
Leaves contain solamin and atropine.
Leaves contain twice the nutritive value of stems.
Leaves contain valuable nutrients and organic matter that fertilize gardens when tilled into plots.
Leaves contain water which is necessary to convert light energy into glucose through photosynthesis.
Leaves continue to drop, improving small game hunting.
Leaves continue to yellow, turn brown, wilt and die.
Leaves crinkle underfoot.
Leaves curl downward and pucker.
Leaves curl downward, gradually wither and die.
Leaves curl downward.
Leaves curl up and drop off.
Leaves curl up on the edge .
Leaves curl upward at the edges.
Leaves curl, roll upward and in- ward.
Leaves cursor at the current point, and permits the aborted check to be completed later.
Leaves damaged by greenbugs turn brown and appear scorched.
Leaves damaged by mites tend to look silver, bronze or yellow.
Leaves defoliate prematurely.
Leaves dentate or doubly serrate.
Leaves derive their green color from the pigment chlorophyll found in the cells of the leaf.
Leaves detach from the petioles as the disease progresses.
Leaves develop a clear, bright yellow fall color.
Leaves develop a vivid fall color ranging from yellow to deep red.
Leaves develop a yellowish or whitish mottling.
Leaves develop brown, rotted areas.
Leaves develop conspicuous, yellow to dead or red rings, spots, line, or jagged oakleaf patterns.
Leaves develop from one to three erect stems.
Leaves develop intermittent yellow and green stripes or streaks.
Leaves develop nice fall color ranging from orange to red to purple.
Leaves develop pale colored speckling on their upper surfaces, giving leaves a grayish cast.
Leaves develop purple coloration, first on undersides and later throughout.
Leaves develop silvery blotches or scratch-like markings.
Leaves develop small sunken spots and bleached areas.
Leaves develop small to large, round to irregular, light brown spots with blackish-brown margins.
Leaves develop zonate, brown leaf lesions which develop a grayish brown mass of fungal spores.
Leaves die and fall or hang on dead branches.
Leaves die and hang from the stem.
Leaves die as do entire plants if stems are girdled.
Leaves die back during periods of drought or below freezing tempertatures.
Leaves die back from the tips.
Leaves die back in summer, but old scapes with capsules can persist into fall or winter.
Leaves die back in summer.
Leaves die gradually, from the tips down.
Leaves dieback progressively from the crown outward and plants die prematurely.
Leaves dirt there to suffocate Bruised knuckles, tired wrists.
Leaves display marginal yellowing or chlorosis and necrosis or burning.
Leaves distort and fall off.
Leaves diverge from the stem at nearly right angles but in a flatter arrangement.
Leaves drab, pubescent under surface when young.
Leaves droop but remain attached to the limb.
Leaves droop, perhaps browning at the edges.
Leaves drop as the Summer progresses.
Leaves drop from plants.
Leaves drop in winter.
Leaves drop later in the summer.
Leaves drop off the tree.
Leaves drop prematurely.
Leaves drop throughout few brazil soccer.
Leaves dry flat and retain a good color.
Leaves dry out and appear as if frosted.
Leaves dry out and turn brown along margins and at tips.
Leaves dry quickly and retain their flavor well.
Leaves dry up rapidly, remaining grayish-green in color even though withered.
Leaves dull green to gray green and leathery.
Leaves emerge a bright gold in the spring, turn green in early summer, then bright gold in the fall.
Leaves emerge alternately.
Leaves emerge bright orange before turning green.
Leaves emerge creamy-yellow with a blue margin in the spring.
Leaves emerge folded and yellow and become green with age.
Leaves emerge green and quickly turn to red.
Leaves emerge purplish red, but become dark greenish bronze during summer.
Leaves emerge reddish and change to bright green.
Leaves emerge reddish purple turning dark green.
Leaves emerge solid blue in the spring, but quickly begin to streak.
Leaves emit faint odor of musk, especially during warm weather or when drawn through the hand.
Leaves enable photosynthesis to happen.
Leaves encircle the central area.
Leaves enhance and provide a backdrop for flowers, and coloured foliage can give an exciting touch.
Leaves enlarge, become green.
Leaves enter the warm teapot and the infusion begins when the leaf opens.
Leaves erect and blade-like.
Leaves erect or floating, blades prominently ribbed and netted, or even pinnately veined.
Leaves escape the chase of wind.
Leaves eventually appear torn around the edges and along the veins.
Leaves eventually drop.
Leaves eventually turn brown and prematurely drop from the plant.
Leaves eventually turn yellow and die as feeding continues.
Leaves eventually turn yellow and fall from the plant.
Leaves eventually turn yellow, brown, then drop off the plant.
Leaves exhibit chlorotic spots and necrosis between green veins.
Leaves exstipulate .
Leaves exstipulate, generally much dissected, with sheathing petioles.
Leaves fall after walnut but earlier than oaks and maples.
Leaves fall all year with a minor peak in early summers.
Leaves fall and decay.
Leaves fall and open the forest to the low-angled light of winter.
Leaves fall early in autumn.
Leaves fall even if only one or a very few spots form.
Leaves fall from trees.
Leaves fall in autumn.
Leaves fall in spring.
Leaves fall off when infections are severe.
Leaves fall prematurely.
Leaves fall to the ground.
Leaves fall whirling on plants breaking the gurgling surface.
Leaves fall, and sun.
Leaves falling off of trees ought to be a wake-up call for everybody.
Leaves feel differently such as waxy, smooth, or rubbery like the water lily.
Leaves fernlike, with a spicy aroma.
Leaves filiform or linear.
Leaves filiform, the sheaths ciliate, especially at the orifice, cilia sometimes absent.
Leaves finely cut and dark blue-green color.
Leaves first appear dark green and water soaked, then wilt and turn light brown.
Leaves fly of few relative yet weep teen pregnancy rate.
Leaves fold under for storage.
Leaves fold up when touched.
Leaves follow after the flowering.
Leaves form a basal rosette reaching around two inches.
Leaves form a rosette .
Leaves form a rosette.
Leaves form basal rosettes.
Leaves form cups for holding water.
Leaves form on all the vines and begin to grow larger.
Leaves form on the trees and flowers come into full bloom.
Leaves form rosette and are scattered up the stems.
Leaves form the main part of the diet, supplemented with fruits and blossoms.
Leaves form the majority of the diet.
Leaves form tiny clumps of rosettes.
Leaves formed along the stem are more elongated and usually lack the basal lobes.
Leaves formed in late summer show a fine, yellowish, speckled mottling.
Leaves formed later are purplish, stunted, curled upward, and leathery.
Leaves furnish a fiber used for making fish nets.
Leaves generally are pubescent.
Leaves generally decay much more slowly than straw or grass clippings.
Leaves generally fold over at affected areas and leaf tips die.
Leaves generally grow in whorls.
Leaves generally have a higher osmotic pressure than other organs of the plant.
Leaves generally have a smooth edge and form rosettes resembling a head of lettuce.
Leaves generally have wedge-shaped bases.
Leaves get a scorched appearance and later fall off.
Leaves get a sharp, spiny tip.
Leaves get darker with more light.
Leaves get energy from sunlight.
Leaves get progressively smaller as one goes up the stems.
Leaves get their colour from pigments.
Leaves give good fall color display of brilliant orange-red.
Leaves give off strong smell when bruised.
Leaves go from a shiny green to a dull bluish-green and die from the edges inward.
Leaves gradually show less green color becoming a golden yellow.
Leaves gradually turn yellow, brown, and drop.
Leaves gradually wither, turn yellow, and drop off.
Leaves grow at the crown and at the nodes of stolons.
Leaves grow close together on the stem and curl up.
Leaves grow from paper tree.
Leaves grow from the base of the stem, surrounding it in a pattern termed a rosette.
Leaves grow from the nodes.
Leaves grow in a rosette fashion and are spoon-shaped with wavy margins.
Leaves grow long and are damaged by mowers.
Leaves grow on the tree throughout the Spring, but they are fully grown by summertime.
Leaves grow on trees.
Leaves grow rapidly in summer often appearing well above the lawn grass.
Leaves hang limply during the heat of the day.
Leaves hang unruffled by any breeze.
Leaves Has nervine, tonic , sedative and anti-spasmodic properties.
Leaves have a blue hint and are very ornamental turning red in the fall.
Leaves have a bluish-green color, soft texture.
Leaves have a cream spotted varigation.
Leaves have a curious and amazingly sweet flavor.
Leaves have a dark upper surface whilst the underside is covered with dense silky hairs.
Leaves have a deep green color and leathery.
Leaves have a distinct sheath and blade.
Leaves have a distinctive slight notch near the apex.
Leaves have a few coarse teeth and stout hairs along the margins.
Leaves have a frosted, opaque look.
Leaves have a grayish appearance before wilting.
Leaves have a gritty sandpaper texture.
Leaves have a long petiole that is longer than the lamina.
Leaves have a long pointed apex and a long petiole which exudes milky sap when cut.
Leaves have a marvelous lemon odor and taste.
Leaves have a narrow white stripe down the middle.
Leaves have a number of anatomical and physiological adaptations to conserve water.
Leaves have a prominent midrib and fine obscure veins.
Leaves have a prominent white midrib and veins that resemble rungs of a ladder.
Leaves have a prominent, whitish midvein .
Leaves have a prononced downward curve.
Leaves have a purple to brown spot along the center vein and milky sap is exuded from broken stems.
Leaves have a purple underside.
Leaves have a sage-like aroma.
Leaves have a sharp peppery taste.
Leaves have a short petiole.
Leaves have a smokey fragrance when crushed.
Leaves have a speckled appearance.
Leaves have a spicy, clover like flavor very popular in foods.
Leaves have a strong, sweet licorice taste.
Leaves have a translucent light green color and turn yellow in the fall .
Leaves have a unique flavor that is pleasing to many people.
Leaves have a wavy appearance with lobes along the margins.
Leaves have a waxy-coat that prevents their decay in excess water.
Leaves have a yellow and green mottled appearance.
Leaves have a yellow center.
Leaves have an off-center, whitish midrib and finely serrated margins.
Leaves have an unpleasant odor when crushed.
Leaves have both an upper and lower epidermis consisting of compactly arranged cells.
Leaves have bright yellow streaking near tips.
Leaves have cells too.
Leaves have cream variegated margins.
Leaves have cucumber flavor.
Leaves have dark green color in the summer and are fiery red in fall.
Leaves have deep, pointed lobes.
Leaves have determinate growth.
Leaves have different parts.
Leaves have distinct parallel venation and are deeply toothed.
Leaves have dry and browning edges.
Leaves have extra thick substance.
Leaves have fan-like appearance.
Leaves have five to seven, usually five, leaflets.
Leaves have four pairs of primary leaflets which are medium in size and ovate.
Leaves have four to five pairs of short, acute lobes.
Leaves have glands present at the base of the leaf blade.
Leaves have good fall color.
Leaves have hairs along the veins beneath the leaf.
Leaves have heart shaped base with rounded tips.
Leaves have higher chitinase activity than vines.
Leaves have large surface area for absorbing light energy.
Leaves have leathery texture and entire margin.
Leaves have light yellow longitudinal stripes with broad margins of gold.
Leaves have long leaf stalks that are hairy except at the base.
Leaves have long stalks and are about four inches long.
Leaves have many air spaces between the mesophyll cells.
Leaves have many medicinal values as well.
Leaves have many sawtooth edges and close yellow veins.
Leaves have medicinal use and seeds are sometimes used in seasoning.
Leaves have medicinal use, and seeds can be used for seasoning.
Leaves have mildly garlic flower.
Leaves have more nutrients, pound for pound, than manure has.
Leaves have more than one characteristic that help differentiate a monocot from a dicot.
Leaves have nearly straight veins.
Leaves have no culinary value and contain a slightly poisonous compound.
Leaves have no petiole and attach directly to the branch.
Leaves have one further shortcoming as food.
Leaves have orange crystals clinging to the plant hairs .
Leaves have plenty of substance.
Leaves have prickles as well as toothed margins, with glandular -hairs on both sides of leaflets .
Leaves have prominent bell-shaped leaf bases.
Leaves have prominent whitish midvein.
Leaves have prominent, arc-shaped veins, usually in five pairs.
Leaves have reddish, sometimes winged midrib.
Leaves have reticulate venation.
Leaves have rounded lobes, orange-red flowers.
Leaves have seven to nine leaflets.
Leaves have several distinct ridges.
Leaves have sharp spines on edges.
Leaves have sharp tips, use away from high traffic area such as sidewalks and driveways.
Leaves have short petiole.
Leaves have small black spots coalescing to form brown or black necrotic regions.
Leaves have small chlorotic, irregular to circular spots with dark centers.
Leaves have small teeth at the outer tip.
Leaves have stomata which are tiny pores and which allow gaseous exchange to take place.
Leaves have their time to fall, etc.
Leaves have thick leathery feel.
Leaves have three leaflets and are hairy.
Leaves have three to four pairs of short lobes with doubly serrate, or toothed, margins.
Leaves have three to four pairs of short lobes with doubly toothed margins.
Leaves have three to seven, usually five, leaflets.
Leaves have to be arranged on a tree so that there is an efficient interception of the sun's rays.
Leaves have to have fallen.
Leaves have two structures that minimize water loss, the cuticle and stomata.
Leaves have unusual veination - the veins follow the leaf edges.
Leaves have wavy margins.
Leaves have white veins and are extremely spiny and prickly.
Leaves have white, round spots that coalesce and form bleached areas giving a variegated appearance.
Leaves have yellow coating or powder in spring.
Leaves have yellow powdery coating in spring.
Leaves help carry on photosynthesis.
Leaves help prevent abortion, fruit good for nervous or slow horses.
Leaves help the plant capture sunlight and the roots soak up nutrients in the soil.
Leaves help the plant utilize sunlight to make food for the plant.
Leaves help treatment for sore eyes and itchy skin.
Leaves hide flowers that bloom in summer or fall.
Leaves hold their color for a long period.
Leaves injured by spring frost appear at first water-soaked, then dark green.
Leaves keep animals warm.
Leaves keep new sprouts from freezing in the spring.
Leaves keep sprouts from dying in the spring.
Leaves keep their shape when taken out of the water.
Leaves killed from anthracnose infections can remain on branch tips all winter long.
Leaves know when to bud out and when to fall off.
Leaves lack hairs or are covered with short to medium interwoven hairs.
Leaves lack midribs.
Leaves lanceolate or elliptic to oval.
Leaves lanceolate or linear.
Leaves lanceolate to ovate, many-nerved, partly clasping, smooth on both sides.
Leaves lanceolate to spatulate, obtuse arid toothed at the apex, tapering to a sessile base.
Leaves lanceolate, narrowly elliptic or oblanceolate, acute to obtuse, exstipulate.
Leaves lanceolate, ovate, or oblong, mostly in a whorl at the summit of the stem.
Leaves later curl and turn yellow, then brown and die.
Leaves later fall and the branch dies.
Leaves later turn purple or red.
Leaves later turn yellow, shrivel, turn brown and die.
Leaves later turn yellow, wither, and die.
Leaves later wither, turn yellow, and drop in large numbers in early summer.
Leaves ligulate .
Leaves ligulate, or eligulate.
Leaves linear or lanceolate, en- tire or nearly so.
Leaves linear or lanceolate.
Leaves linear or pinnately lobed with linear lobes, basal.
Leaves linear or sword-shaped.
Leaves linear, all alternate or the upper ones whorled.
Leaves linear, flat, but at the base folded along the midrib.
Leaves linear, fleshy, entire or with a few spreading teeth, smooth or slightly downy.
Leaves linear, sessile, acute or nearly so.
Leaves linear, sheathing at the base.
Leaves look like columns of big grains of rice.
Leaves lose flavor and freshness if dried.
Leaves lyrate, interruptedly pinnate, white-downy beneath.
Leaves make a characteristic fluttering noise when in a breeze.
Leaves make a similar transition over their lifetime.
Leaves make a wonderful addition to the compost pile.
Leaves make an excellent winter mulch.
Leaves make delightful herbal teas and drinks.
Leaves make excellent mulches for both gardens and flowerbeds.
Leaves make food by going through photosynthesis, it holds up the plant and carries chlorophyll.
Leaves make food for the tree to grow on, using sunlight, water, and air.
Leaves make food in the sunlight using air and water.
Leaves make food that is stored in the bulbs for a repeat showing next year.
Leaves make food to feed the tree.
Leaves make food via the process of photosynthesis.
Leaves make food with the help of the sun.
Leaves make good mulch for shrub beds and perennial borders.
Leaves make sugars and oxygen.
Leaves make tea and the fruit can be eaten fresh.
Leaves make the cake look finished.
Leaves make up a small portion of the diet throughout the year.
Leaves manufacture food and protect the trunk against sunburn.
Leaves manufacture food for plants, which in turn ultimately nourish and sustain all land animals.
Leaves mass rapidly for a dense mound.
Leaves minutely stipulate .
Leaves minutely stipulate, or exstipulate.
Leaves minutely stipulate.
Leaves mostly awl -shaped and blunt.
Leaves mostly bipinnate.
Leaves mostly lyrate, smooth and with a bloom, the earlier ones rounded or spatulate.
Leaves mostly range from linear to lanceolate in shape.
Leaves move constantly.
Leaves move with every puff of wind.
Leaves narrowly auriculate .
Leaves narrowly linear or slender-tubular, with a bloom.
Leaves narrowly linear, entire or nearly so and resinous dotted.
Leaves narrowly linear, flat, or concave above.
Leaves narrowly oval with broad, round tips.
Leaves never delay candidacy expiration or master's program expiration.
Leaves notably lack a terminal point.
Leaves obovate or oval, pale or dull green, smooth beneath, entire or nearly so.
Leaves obovate to oblanceolate, bluish-green, dull, glabrous, form a basal rosette.
Leaves obtain nutrients from the air, soil, and water.
Leaves occur alternately on stem.
Leaves occur at the ends of stout branches in dense, ball-like tufts.
Leaves occur in a vast range of forms.
Leaves occur in one whorl of three below the flowers.
Leaves occur in somewhat of a whorl along the branches.
Leaves occur in various types according to size, shape, color, texture, form and other characters.
Leaves occur in whorls of three to six around the stem.
Leaves occur in whorls of three to six, closely spaced along the stem.
Leaves originate at and mark the node or joints of the stem.
Leaves ovate to lanceolate, acute at the apex, sessile, crenate or entire, the upper bract-like.
Leaves ovate to oblong, acute at the apex, narrowed below into a short petiole.
Leaves ovate to oblong, entire, smooth above, pale and downy beneath, all short-petioled.
Leaves ovate to oblong, slightly lobed, often with slightly heart-shaped bases.
Leaves ovate with long-pointed tips.
Leaves ovate, acuminate, entire or with a few large distant teeth.
Leaves ovate, faintly toothed, long-petioled.
Leaves ovate, somewhat heart-shaped.
Leaves ovate, toothless or slightly toothed.
Leaves ovate, u-regularly toothed or entire, somewhat inequilateral, petioled.
Leaves ovate, with long petioles .
Leaves pairwise opposite.
Leaves persist in winter.
Leaves persist late into fall and winter.
Leaves persist on the killed shoot.
Leaves persist through the winter and usually remain green.
Leaves persist through winter.
Leaves petiolate, hastate to sagittate.
Leaves photosynthesise , making sugars .
Leaves photosynthesize and recharge bulbs with energy for next year's blooms.
Leaves pinnately compound with many leaflets.
Leaves pinnately compound.
Leaves play a vital role in the survival and growth of the plant.
Leaves possess a stout angular petiole.
Leaves preserve fruit.
Leaves produce copal, a resin once used as incense.
Leaves produce food for the plant and help with respiration.
Leaves produce oxygen by photosynthesis and the plant transports it to the roots.
Leaves produce oxygen gas by photosynthesis.
Leaves progressively decrease in size upward on the stem.
Leaves progressively turn yellow and then brown, starting at the base of the plant.
Leaves protect against sunburn.
Leaves provide a means of chlorophyll through photosynthesis to develop energy to form roots.
Leaves provide another method of alder tree identification.
Leaves pull off easily.
Leaves purple on underside and showing purple veins above.
Leaves rain through a black void upon jagged green and yellow peaks, which themselves shed a tear.
Leaves range from blue-green to chartreuse, and many types are variegated.
Leaves range from light green to bluish gray.
Leaves range from thick and very pubescent to thin and glabrous.
Leaves rapidly turn yellow, wither, and drop.
Leaves reader hungry for details.
Leaves readily lose their green color while drying and sometimes become brown or even black.
Leaves really attenuate the signal.
Leaves re-appear in anticipation of or with the onset of the rains.
Leaves re-appear in anticipation of the onset of the rains.
Leaves receive their green color during the process of trying to absorb energy from the sun.
Leaves reduce in size with pruning, trunks develop size and taper rapidly.
Leaves reduce raindrop impact, and gentler rain causes less erosion.
Leaves remain attached to dead stem.
Leaves remain attached to wilted plants.
Leaves remain attached.
Leaves remain deep purple through the growing season.
Leaves remain firmly attached to the plant.
Leaves remain green into late fall.
Leaves remain green throughout the summer and are palatable even when dry.
Leaves remain green until they are dropped in the fall.
Leaves remain on the plant well into drought periods, but are very frost sensitive.
Leaves remain on the tree for tow or more years.
Leaves remain on the trees but become yellowish later in the summer.
Leaves remaining on the ground as well as snow pose another potential safety hazard.
Leaves require light, nutrients, and water to produce food for another year of growth and flowering.
Leaves resemble common yucca.
Leaves resemble oak leaves and turn wine red in the fall.
Leaves resemble poison ivy but berries are unmistakable.
Leaves residue after use.
Leaves resist spotting.
Leaves return carbohydrates to roots after stem elongation begins.
Leaves return to normal as temperatures warm.
Leaves reveal secrets for success in challenging climates.
Leaves rhetoric with style, memory, and delivery only.
Leaves rise from the enlarged stem.
Leaves roll upward and turn purplish in color.
Leaves roll, twist, wither, and fall early.
Leaves rot quickly in wet weather.
Leaves Rotted leaves make a wonderful compost.
Leaves roundish and deeply dissected into segments.
Leaves roundish, kidney-shaped, and crenate.
Leaves roundish, lobed, with the lobes crenate-dentate, often downy.
Leaves rustle in a gentle breeze.
Leaves rustle in a soft breeze.
Leaves rustle in the distance.
Leaves scuttle across the courtyard, which is empty save for a dying man swinging from the gallows.
Leaves scuttle down the street like rats deserting a sinking ship.
Leaves seem to make the most pleasing and economical solar panels.
Leaves seem to move in an invisible breeze.
Leaves serve as factories where the tree's food is made.
Leaves shine in a blaze of gold and brown.
Leaves shoot from a creeping rhizome that binds the sediment.
Leaves shoot from branches and ascend up print.
Leaves short- petioled, entire, lobed or toothed, the margin usually revolute.
Leaves shortly petiolate, the midvein prominent on the lower surface.
Leaves show brown water-soaked spots.
Leaves show large, chocolate-colored blotches, then become withered and blighted.
Leaves show no excessive wilting except in cases of petiole necrosis.
Leaves show pale ringspots or wavy line markings.
Leaves show small purple to brown spots with definite boundaries in early summer.
Leaves show small, slightly sunken oval spots that usually have a dark margin.
Leaves show what looks like a nutritional trouble.
Leaves show yellow streaks, die and drop off.
Leaves simlpe and entire.
Leaves sink to the earth non-green pigments now unmasked and the nighttime grows.
Leaves skull through jugular foramen .
Leaves slip softly to the rugged path.
Leaves smell nice.
Leaves soil ready for planting.
Leaves somewhat peltate, smooth or nearly so.
Leaves Soon comes the cold winter.
Leaves soothe urinary tract infections and irritations.
Leaves spin through the air.
Leaves spiral around it's tall trunk, like a long umbrella.
Leaves spread out from the stem on a horizontal plain.
Leaves spring forth from bare branches.
Leaves sprout at the beginning of the rainy season, when water is plentiful.
Leaves start growing, reaching for the sun.
Leaves start their journey as life slowly ebbs away in the fall.
Leaves start to grow again in fall, stay green through winter.
Leaves start to yellow on some of the trees.
Leaves start to yellow, then fall to the earth to rot.
Leaves Starting at petal-fall or somewhat later, small, purple specks appear on infected leaves.
Leaves stay green late in autumn and fall off with the first significant frost.
Leaves stay green late into fall, after all other leaves have fallen.
Leaves stay green late into fall.
Leaves stay green year round.
Leaves stay like the worm neither have discount new balance shoes.
Leaves stay on plant for several years.
Leaves stipulate .
Leaves stipulate to exstipulate.
Leaves stipulate, or exstipulate.
Leaves stored in bags can become a nesting site for rodents.
Leaves strongly resemble and smell like chrysanthemum leaves.
Leaves subscribers out in the cold.
Leaves suddenly die and later drop from infected twigs.
Leaves surmount the wall restricting other worlds and fall to pieces there.
Leaves swirl fitfully, undecided where to settle.
Leaves take in carbon dioxide from the air, water from the soil, and energy from the sunlight.
Leaves take in water.
Leaves take on a rusty, reddish-brown tint.
Leaves take on a silvery appearance where damaged.
Leaves take on hues of russet, orange, yellow and brown before falling in autumn.
Leaves take priority over roots, rhizomes, and food storage.
Leaves taper progressively toward the tip and end in a sharp point.
Leaves taste like mustard greens.
Leaves taste sweet, and can be eaten as a vegetable.
Leaves tear. .
Leaves tend to be flat and a little longer than wide.
Leaves tend to be sparser with longer than normal internodal distances.
Leaves tend to curl and twist.
Leaves tend to drop when the plant is exposed to cold temperatures.
Leaves tend to get yellowish in hot full sun.
Leaves Tend to mat down and breakdown slowly.
Leaves tend to pack and smother roots.
Leaves tend to roll upwards.
Leaves then appear silvery. .
Leaves then develop on the shoot.
Leaves then turn brown and dry.
Leaves then turn shades of red, yellow, or brown as the magnesium is removed.
Leaves then turn yellow, bronze to dark brown and curl up against the stem.
Leaves trapped beneath other leaves soon rot.
Leaves treat bladder inflammation.
Leaves trifoliate, green, with obcordate lealets.
Leaves trifoliate, petiolate, fragrant when crushed.
Leaves turn a blackish-brown and cling to the stem or drop early.
Leaves turn a bright yellow in the fall.
Leaves turn a brilliant red and orange in late summer.
Leaves turn a brilliant yellow in fall.
Leaves turn a dull yellow, curl, die, and fall starting at the base of the plant.
Leaves turn a gray-green color as they die, similar to frost damage.
Leaves turn a gray-green color, similar to frost damage.
Leaves turn a reddish brown.
Leaves turn a reddish purple in fall.
Leaves turn a yellow or brown color, wilt, shrivel and eventually die.
Leaves turn an assortment of shades of reds, yellows, and oranges.
Leaves turn an excellent red fall color.
Leaves turn black and the plant dies.
Leaves turn bright red in the fall.
Leaves turn bright red or russet brown.
Leaves turn bright yellow, orange or red in autumn.
Leaves turn brilliant orange or red in the fall.
Leaves turn brilliant red in autumn.
Leaves turn brilliant yellow in the fall and are heart shaped.
Leaves turn brown and black and then fall.
Leaves turn brown and curl from the margins giving a scorched appearance.
Leaves turn brown and entire branches are covered with brown, silken webs.
Leaves turn brown and fall off deciduous trees in the Autumn .
Leaves turn brown and paper-like and finally drop off.
Leaves turn brown from feeding damage and appear as if fire scorched.
Leaves turn brown in fall and stay on trees all winter for interesting character.
Leaves turn brown in fall.
Leaves turn brown, red and gold and then die and fall off the plant.
Leaves turn brown, then fall, covering the ground and staining the water brown.
Leaves turn brown.
Leaves turn color and then fall to the ground.
Leaves turn color early with the lower leaves appearing scorched and rolled downward and inward.
Leaves turn completely brown to black and remain attached to the branch.
Leaves turn dazzling shades of yellow, orange, red, and purple.
Leaves turn deep burgundy red in winter, then resume their medium green color in late spring.
Leaves turn from green to brown, And, tumble closer to the ground.
Leaves turn from normal dark green to light green as the plant declines.
Leaves turn from reddish or purplish bronze to green.
Leaves turn gold to orange-red in fall.
Leaves turn golden orange and drop just before profuse white blooms appear in late winter.
Leaves turn gray then yellow, and remain attached to the plants.
Leaves turn grayish-green and eventually brown.
Leaves turn green to purple to red with seasons.
Leaves turn light green to yellow, and appear twisted and curled.
Leaves turn mahogany in fall and last all winter.
Leaves turn orange and umbre.
Leaves turn orange through to red and scarlet in autumn.
Leaves turn orange to red before going deciduous.
Leaves turn orange to yellow in the fall.
Leaves turn orange-red in the fall.
Leaves turn pale yellow to greenish-yellow in fall.
Leaves turn purplish in cold weather, drop by early spring.
Leaves turn red in autumn.
Leaves turn red in early fall.
Leaves turn red in fall. .
Leaves turn red in the fall.
Leaves turn red or yellow in the fall and have large clusters of red fruit that birds love.
Leaves turn red to reddish purple in the fall.
Leaves turn red.
Leaves turn rich tones of scarlet, orange, or purple in the fall.
Leaves turn the energy in sunlight into food for growth.
Leaves turn their many colors and begin to fall.
Leaves turn yellow and crimson and drop from the trees.
Leaves turn yellow and die when plants get too little chlorine from the soil.
Leaves turn yellow and die.
Leaves turn yellow and drop early.
Leaves turn yellow and drop in early summer.
Leaves turn yellow and drop off, starting at the base of the stem.
Leaves turn yellow and drop off.
Leaves turn yellow and eventually die.
Leaves turn yellow and plants are stunted and gradually die.
Leaves turn yellow and wilt but remain attached.
Leaves turn yellow and wilt.
Leaves turn yellow and wither.
Leaves turn yellow before dropping, very late.
Leaves turn yellow between veins and eventually shed as plants die to leave bare stems.
Leaves turn yellow in Autumn.
Leaves turn yellow in fall.
Leaves turn yellow in the autumn.
Leaves turn yellow in the fall.
Leaves turn yellow or bronze, and many drop.
Leaves turn yellow or brown- ish, wilt, and drop.
Leaves turn yellow or reddish and drop.
Leaves turn yellow to purplish at the margins and roll upwards.
Leaves turn yellow while the veins remain green.
Leaves turn yellow, die back, and collapse.
Leaves turn yellow, quickly wilt and wither.
Leaves turn yellow, wilt, and droop.
Leaves turn yellow, wilt, shrivel, and hang on the twigs.
Leaves turn yellow, wither, and die.
Leaves turn yellow, wither, and drop early.
Leaves turn yellow, wither, and fall early.
Leaves turn yellow.
Leaves turn yellowish-white and become covered with a dense, mealy growth on the undersurface.
Leaves turning, air is brisk and chilly.
Leaves typically die back before flowering.
Leaves typically form a tube around the culm.
Leaves typically have sharp lobe tips, with bristles at the lobe tip.
Leaves typically have sharp lobe tips, with spiny bristles at the lobe.
Leaves typically persist for two years, then fall to the ground.
Leaves undergo a color change from green to blue-black after cutting.
Leaves undergoing rapid transpiration can be significantly cooler than the surrounding air.
Leaves unsightly residue.
Leaves unsightly residues.
Leaves use more energy for respiration than they can produce through photosynthesis.
Leaves use plant sap when they expand, and the tree excretes less sap from the wound.
Leaves use sunlight to make and store more food for the plant to use as it keeps growing.
Leaves used as garnish in certain curries, soups ans salads.
Leaves variously stipulate .
Leaves vary enormously in shape, size, texture and surface.
Leaves vary from bright green and smooth to silvery-green and densely hairy.
Leaves vary from green to bronze to deep-red.
Leaves vary from long and narrow to wide with rounded leaflets.
Leaves vary from nearly oval to lance or arrowhead shaped with pointed tips.
Leaves vary from yellow through orange to red.
Leaves vary greatly in their shape.
Leaves vary in size, shape, texture, and hairiness.
Leaves vary in size.
Leaves vary, from dark green to a light blue green, and even some yellows.
Leaves waft in, the turbulence of the outer world continuing to encroach upon the inner world.
Leaves wheel with a brilliant shine and cleans the toughest scuffs and soil from side walls.
Leaves wilt and roll.
Leaves wither and die but remain hanging on the plant.
Leaves wither and die early.
Leaves wither and die if many lesions develop, giving the turf a brownish color.
Leaves wither and die in spring.
Leaves wither and die.
Leaves wither and drop early.
Leaves wither and dry, but they hang on the stems after they dies.
Leaves wither and fall early.
Leaves wither and fall off.
Leaves wither from the tip down.
Leaves wither, die, and hang downward on the stem starting at the base.
Leaves wither, wilt, and hang down.
Leaves yield an azure dye.
Leaves often appear crinkled, twisted, and stunted.
Leaves often appear in tufts on the ends of branches.
Leaves often appear scorched as if by frost or hot dry weather.
Leaves often are stiffer and more erect.
Leaves often become encrusted with salt secretions.
Leaves often connate or whorled.
Leaves often curl downward.
Leaves often develop a coppery tinge.
Leaves often develop later in the summer, after an attack by the caterpillars.
Leaves often die back from the tip or break over.
Leaves often die back from the tips.
Leaves often droop in winter and are densely maroon pubescent below.
Leaves often drop early.
Leaves often form at the nodes of a stem.
Leaves often get a leaf-spot disease which make the foliage less appealing.
Leaves often have a marginal necrosis.
Leaves often have a ruffly surface like that of savoy cabbage.
Leaves often have elaborate ornamentation on the cell surfaces.
Leaves often have pink eruptions of spores on black fruiting bodies.
Leaves often turn yellow and develop dead tips, and growth is weak and spindly.
Leaves often turn yellow and drop early, weakening the trees.
Leaves often turn yellow or wilt and die back.
Leaves often turn yellow, wither and drop prematurely.
Leaves often wilt and turn reddish-brown, and branches die back.
Leaves often wither and die early.
Leaves often wither and die.
Leaves sometimes become infected with rust.
Leaves sometimes have a strong, characteristic pungency and are often an olive green.
Leaves sometimes hide the flowers which are large and ornamental.
Leaves usually alternate and are feathery.
Leaves usually alternate, trunks sometimes lying down and rooting at nodes.
Leaves usually curl upward and appear burned along edges as a result of feeding in the terminals.
Leaves usually die during winter.
Leaves usually dry out and break off by flowering time.
Leaves usually exstipulate.
Leaves usually fall prematurely.
Leaves usually have a distinctive upper and a lower surface.
Leaves usually have slender thread peeling back at edges which looks like curled up dental floss.
Leaves usually have the best flavor around the time when the flowers first open.
Leaves usually oposide and fleshy.
Leaves usually pinnatifid to pinnatisect, with spiny margin.
Leaves usually remain attached for a time before dropping off.
Leaves usually remain attractive in winter unless temperatures dip well below zero.
Leaves usually sessile, nerved, alternate.
Leaves usually sessile.
Leaves usually start dying back from the tips.
Leaves usually stipulate .
Leaves usually turn brown as grains mature.
Leaves usually turn yellow and fall off in mid-summer.
All leaves are at the same level.
All leaves are fleshy with a distinct midrib.
All leaves are glabrous and have a tart flavor.
All leaves are light green and pubescent on both sides.
All leaves are on plants.
All leaves are on, at most, two adjacent levels.
All leaves are pubescent on upper and lower surfaces.
All leaves are stiff.
All leaves are subject to departmental approval.
All leaves are very soft.
All leaves change color before they fall from the tree.
All leaves come from the base of the plant at the sediment surface.
All leaves contain photosynthetic tissues, called the mesophyll.
All leaves eventually collapse and die hanging on the pseudostem.
ALL leaves get bigger.
All leaves have a covering of soft white hairs.
All leaves have a hairy surface.
All leaves have a maximum duration of two years.
All leaves have dense, soft pubescence.
All leaves have distinct midrib and web-like venation.
All leaves have fine light hairs giving it a velvety appearance.
All leaves have microscopic openings, called stomata.
All leaves have numerous minor cross-veins.
All leaves lie in one plane and the whorls are circular to oval in outline.
All leaves possess numerous physical characteristics.
All leaves require the approval of the relevant department chair and dean and of the provost.
All leaves require the approval of the senior administrator or a designee.
All leaves tend to drop almost at once at the end of the growing season.
Every leave is different and leaves behind an interesting flavour.
Many leaves are mined before the larvae emerge and feed as surface feeders.
Many leaves can have a deformed leaf shape because of feeding injury while still quite immature.
Many leaves contain cavities for storing secreted products.
Many leaves contain holes and tears.
Many leaves hang on all winter.
Many leaves have stomata in one epidermis only, and are termed hypostomatous.
Many leaves offer shades of gray, blue, silver or gold.
Many leaves share a similar arrangement of layers, as shown on the right.
Many leaves start growth in the spring and turn colors and die in the fall.
More leaves are added during the incubation and nestling stages.
More leaves mean it's fresher.
More leaves mean more rings and larger onion bulbs.
More leaves means more sugar-producing photosynthesis.
Most leaves absorb energy.
Most leaves absorb light.
Most leaves absorb sunlight.
Most leaves absorb water.
Most leaves appear on stems.
Most leaves are distinctly bifacial, others are unifacial.
Most leaves are divided into two lobes by a central notch.
Most leaves are flat and thin to catch plenty of sunlight.
Most leaves are from one quarter to one calendar year.
Most leaves are produced by bean plants.
Most leaves are produced by plants.
Most leaves arise from rhizomes.
Most leaves arise from short stems.
Most leaves arise from stems.
Most leaves arise from underground stems.
Most leaves arise from woody stems.
Most leaves attract deer.
Most leaves attract insects.
Most leaves attract pollinators.
Most leaves come from trees.
Most leaves contain cellulose.
Most leaves contain chlorophyll pigment.
Most leaves contain chlorophyll.
Most leaves contain chloroplasts.
Most leaves contain fiber.
Most leaves contain food.
Most leaves contain phloem.
Most leaves contain photosynthetic tissue.
Most leaves contain pigment.
Most leaves contain tissue.
Most leaves contain vascular tissue.
Most leaves contain xylem phloem.
Most leaves count toward the eight year limit.
Most leaves cover with layers.
Most leaves develop during springs.
Most leaves develop from axils.
Most leaves drop from trees.
Most leaves emerge from buds.
Most leaves emerge in late springs.
Most leaves emerge in springs.
Most leaves expose to full sunlight.
Most leaves fall from avocado trees.
Most leaves fall from plants.
Most leaves fall from trees.
Most leaves fall in autumn.
Most leaves fall off plants.
Most leaves fall off trees.
Most leaves feed herbivores.
Most leaves float in shallow water.
Most leaves form mosaic patterns.
Most leaves grow at tips.
Most leaves grow buds.
Most leaves grow grind surfaces.
Most leaves grow on single stems.
Most leaves grow on stems.
Most leaves grow on trees.
Most leaves grow surfaces.
Most leaves grow trees.
Most leaves have a large surface area to capture light.
Most leaves have an epidermis only one cell thick.
Most leaves have appearances.
Most leaves have aroma.
Most leaves have bitter taste.
Most leaves have bluish color.
Most leaves have brown spots.
Most leaves have chemical properties.
Most leaves have chlorophyll.
Most leaves have color.
Most leaves have components.
Most leaves have cuticles.
Most leaves have distinct shapes.
Most leaves have drip tips.
Most leaves have ecological importance.
Most leaves have edges.
Most leaves have effects.
Most leaves have epidermises.
Most leaves have features.
Most leaves have fibre.
Most leaves have hairy petioles.
Most leaves have heart shapes.
Most leaves have impact.
Most leaves have importance.
Most leaves have life.
Most leaves have light texture.
Most leaves have long petioles.
Most leaves have low proteins.
Most leaves have lower surfaces.
Most leaves have major impact.
Most leaves have moisture.
Most leaves have mosaic patterns.
Most leaves have mottle appearances.
Most leaves have mottle color.
Most leaves have nutrients.
Most leaves have pale spots.
Most leaves have patterns.
Most leaves have petioles.
Most leaves have properties.
Most leaves have proteins.
Most leaves have purposes.
Most leaves have realistic appearances.
Most leaves have round tips.
Most leaves have same effects.
Most leaves have shapes.
Most leaves have shelf life.
Most leaves have shiny surfaces.
Most leaves have sides.
Most leaves have significant effects.
Most leaves have similar appearances.
Most leaves have similar taste.
Most leaves have slender petioles.
Most leaves have small brown spots.
Most leaves have small spots.
Most leaves have smooth surfaces.
Most leaves have smooth texture.
Most leaves have spicy aroma.
Most leaves have spine edges.
Most leaves have spots.
Most leaves have springy texture.
Most leaves have stomata , which open and close .
Most leaves have surfaces.
Most leaves have sweet taste.
Most leaves have texture.
Most leaves have thick cuticles.
Most leaves have thin cuticles.
Most leaves have tips.
Most leaves have tough texture.
Most leaves have upper epidermises.
Most leaves have waxy surfaces.
Most leaves have white spots.
Most leaves have yellow spots.
Most leaves help plants.
Most leaves hold water.
Most leaves look like green leaves.
Most leaves look like leaves.
Most leaves make flavor tea.
Most leaves make mosaic patterns.
Most leaves make patterns.
Most leaves make tea.
Most leaves meet stems.
Most leaves perform functions.
Most leaves perform important functions.
Most leaves produce digestive enzymes.
Most leaves produce enzymes.
Most leaves protect buds.
Most leaves provide food.
Most leaves provide habitats.
Most leaves provide nutrients.
Most leaves provide nutrition.
Most leaves reduce evaporation.
Most leaves reduce water evaporation.
Most leaves remain on trees.
Most leaves require sunlight.
Most leaves serve dual purposes.
Most leaves serve purposes.
Most leaves serve same purposes.
Most leaves serve various purposes.
Most leaves show characteristics.
Most leaves show features.
Most leaves show maximum photosynthesis.
Most leaves show photosynthesis.
Most leaves show typical features.
Most leaves show variation.
Most leaves stay on plants.
Most leaves turn color.
Most leaves turn deep rust color.
Most leaves turn purple color.
Most leaves turn reddish color.
Most leaves turn rust color.
Most leaves undergo photosynthesis.
Most leaves vary in shapes.
Some leaves absorb carbon dioxide.
Some leaves absorb dioxide.
Some leaves appear on hollyhocks.
Some leaves are a little more complex and get a red or purple color.
Some leaves are eaten by caterpillars.
Some leaves are eaten by winter moth caterpillars.
Some leaves are fine.
Some leaves are harvested during grow seasons.
Some leaves are harvested during seasons.
Some leaves are harvested in late springs.
Some leaves are harvested in springs.
Some leaves are modified into small shortly stalked bladder.
Some leaves are more pungent than others.
Some leaves are oval and entire.
Some leaves are produced by sundews.
Some leaves are round, oblong, or heart-shaped.
Some leaves are self-supporting.
Some leaves are sessile , lacking a petiole.
Some leaves are small and narrow and others are larger.
Some leaves are smooth and shiny.
Some leaves are smooth, some wrinkled.
Some leaves are submerged in water.
Some leaves are thin, some thick.
Some leaves are tough and leathery, some are soft and fragile.
Some leaves are wavy and others flat or even twisted.
Some leaves are wide, some are narrow, some are in-between.
Some leaves attain height.
Some leaves attract ants.
Some leaves become burdens.
Some leaves become decay.
Some leaves become deficiencies.
Some leaves become distorted and curl upward.
Some leaves become orange.
Some leaves become petioles.
Some leaves become red orange.
Some leaves become stems.
Some leaves carry toxins.
Some leaves cause death.
Some leaves cause irritation.
Some leaves change color.
Some leaves come into contact.
Some leaves contain acid.
Some leaves contain adequate nitrogen.
Some leaves contain amino acid.
Some leaves contain caffeine.
Some leaves contain chemical irritants.
Some leaves contain chemicals.
Some leaves contain concentration.
Some leaves contain enough water.
Some leaves contain irritants.
Some leaves contain low proteins.
Some leaves contain nitrogen.
Some leaves contain nutrients.
Some leaves contain oil.
Some leaves contain plants.
Some leaves contain poisonous chemicals.
Some leaves contain potassium.
Some leaves contain proteins.
Some leaves contain salt concentration.
Some leaves contain sporangiums.
Some leaves contain starches.
Some leaves contain substances.
Some leaves contain sufficient water.
Some leaves contain various irritants.
Some leaves contain volatile oil.
Some leaves contain water.
Some leaves contain zinc.
Some leaves contribute to growth.
Some leaves cover seeds.
Some leaves develop during fall winter.
Some leaves develop during winter.
Some leaves emerge from centers.
Some leaves emerge from petioles.
Some leaves emerge from tubes.
Some leaves even turn purple.
Some leaves expose fruit.
Some leaves fall from vines.
Some leaves fall on driveways.
Some leaves fall on floors.
Some leaves fall on forest floors.
Some leaves feed caterpillars.
Some leaves feed moths.
Some leaves float on surfaces.
Some leaves float on water surfaces.
Some leaves follow emergence.
Some leaves form cones.
Some leaves grow flowers.
Some leaves grow from bases.
Some leaves grow from nodes.
Some leaves grow from same nodes.
Some leaves grow from sheaths.
Some leaves grow from spirals.
Some leaves grow from stems.
Some leaves grow from tops.
Some leaves grow in rosettes.
Some leaves grow on sides.
Some leaves have a tendency to flop downward toward their tips.
Some leaves have areas.
Some leaves have arrangements.
Some leaves have attractive sheen.
Some leaves have branch veins.
Some leaves have bronze sheen.
Some leaves have central veins.
Some leaves have clefts.
Some leaves have concentration.
Some leaves have conspicuous veins.
Some leaves have cotyledons.
Some leaves have different scent.
Some leaves have flavor.
Some leaves have flavour.
Some leaves have flowers.
Some leaves have functions.
Some leaves have gaps.
Some leaves have glossy leaflets.
Some leaves have green and yellow stripes at the leaf tips similar to wheat streak mosaic.
Some leaves have hairs that are an extension of certain cells of the epidermis.
Some leaves have holes.
Some leaves have large areas.
Some leaves have large surface areas.
Some leaves have lateral veins.
Some leaves have little resistance.
Some leaves have little wind resistance.
Some leaves have low water potential.
Some leaves have meristems.
Some leaves have mild flavor.
Some leaves have needles.
Some leaves have numbers.
Some leaves have nutrition.
Some leaves have odor.
Some leaves have parallel arrangements.
Some leaves have parallel veins.
Some leaves have patches.
Some leaves have pleasant scent.
Some leaves have plenty.
Some leaves have poison.
Some leaves have positions.
Some leaves have potential.
Some leaves have prominent central veins.
Some leaves have prominent veins.
Some leaves have quality.
Some leaves have reputations.
Some leaves have resistance.
Some leaves have roles.
Some leaves have scent.
Some leaves have seeds.
Some leaves have silver stripes.
Some leaves have silvery sheen.
Some leaves have small areas.
Some leaves have small surface areas.
Some leaves have spicy scent.
Some leaves have spikes.
Some leaves have stipules at the base of the petiole.
Some leaves have stomata.
Some leaves have streaks.
Some leaves have stripes.
Some leaves have strong flavour.
Some leaves have surface areas.
Some leaves have tendencies.
Some leaves have unacceptable odor.
Some leaves have up to seven divisions, others have none.
Some leaves have use.
Some leaves have veins.
Some leaves have water.
Some leaves have white flowers.
Some leaves have whorl arrangements.
Some leaves have wind resistance.
Some leaves have windows.
Some leaves have yellow streaks.
Some leaves have yellow stripes,some white.
Some leaves improve appearances.
Some leaves kill dogs.
Some leaves kill hot dogs.
Some leaves live for months.
Some leaves look like butterfly wings.
Some leaves look like flaps.
Some leaves look like wings.
Some leaves make food.
Some leaves make new colors when the green is gone.
Some leaves make up diets.
Some leaves offer benefits.
Some leaves offer health benefits.
Some leaves offer other benefits.
Some leaves offer other health benefits.
Some leaves offer potential benefits.
Some leaves only have a hint of lobes.
Some leaves precede flowers.
Some leaves produce chemicals.
Some leaves produce effects.
Some leaves produce food.
Some leaves produce many toxic chemicals.
Some leaves produce nutrients.
Some leaves produce smell.
Some leaves produce stimulant effects.
Some leaves produce toxic chemicals.
Some leaves produce toxins.
Some leaves promote growth.
Some leaves protect figs.
Some leaves provide cool shades.
Some leaves provide essential resources.
Some leaves provide resources.
Some leaves provide shades.
Some leaves provide water.
Some leaves receive full sunlight.
Some leaves receive sunlight.
Some leaves reduce transpiration.
Some leaves remain on plants.
Some leaves remain on the tree until they are pushed off in the spring.
Some leaves resemble needles.
Some leaves resemble third ears.
Some leaves resemble trees.
Some leaves result in death.
Some leaves show characteristic symptoms.
Some leaves show mosaic symptoms.
Some leaves show symptoms.
Some leaves stay on trees.
Some leaves stem flowers.
Some leaves stem single flowers.
Some leaves stem single terminal flowers.
Some leaves survive winter.
Some leaves take longer to break down than others.
Some leaves turn red.
Some leaves turn with the slightest wind.
Some leaves turn yellow-green, pink or reddish.
Some leaves use in salad.
Leaven is imponderable
Leavens also loves to shoot practicing musicians and children at play.
Leavened bread is the kind with bubbles in it.
Leavening agents are responsible for the volume in most baked food products.
Leavening agents are yeast, baking powder, baking soda and eggs.
Leavening agents Baking soda is sodium bicarbonate.
Leavening agents help cakes, biscuits and other goods to rise during baking.
Leavening agents produce gas that becomes trapped in the dough .
Leavening agents produce gas that becomes trapped in the dough.
A leaver is a traveler
Leavers feel discarded and betrayed.
Leavers protect, instead of attack, diversity.
All leavers carry our very best wishes for the future.
Leaves hair silky soft with a healthy sheen.
Leaving are departures.
Lebanese bankers say their busiest branches are here.
Lebanese children protest Israel's killing of civilians.
Lebanese coffee is strong, thick and often flavored with cardamom.
Lebanese companies have priority for .lb domains.
Lebanese cooks broil the skewered meat over charcoal on their braziers called manqals .
Lebanese courts are increasingly active in prosecuting terrorists.
Lebanese cucumbers are small, smooth-skinned and mild, yet with a distinct flavor and aroma.
Lebanese cuisine is an inexpensive delight.
Lebanese estimates hold that only a third of southern Lebanon's population remained in the strip.
Lebanese exports are modest, targeted mainly at Gulf countries and Saudi Arabia.
Most Lebanese families are in debt.
Lebanese food is nutritious, delicious, diverse and rich.
Lebanese guerrillas say they are fighting to expel Israeli troops from Lebanese soil.
Lebanese hashish transits Syria en route to Egypt and the Gulf region.
Lebanese journalists remain vulnerable to a host of vaguely worded criminal statutes.
Lebanese law forbids citizens from contacting or dealing with Israel.
Lebanese law punishes collaboration with Israel with jail terms and even death.
Lebanese merchants play an important role in the import-export business.
Lebanese officials deny any such intention.
Lebanese officials say Israeli planes immediately launched air strikes in the area.
Lebanese people show their hospitality with wholesome foods they prepare for their guests.
Most Lebanese people grow their own grapes.
More Lebanese players are to be dismissed in the coming days.
All Lebanese politicians have their alliances which make it relatively easy to gauge their support.
Lebanese resistance threatens to retaliate over any aggression against Syrian forces.
Lebanese sweets travel well if bought in a tin, and make useful gifts along with wine and arak .
Lebanese taxis are comfortable and reasonably priced.
Lebanese wine seems to be on the upswing around the world.
Lebanon has (part) Sur.
Lebanon isa thing.
Lebbe side is.
Lebeau soils are slightly acid to moderately alkaline throughout the solum.
Lebeau soils have upper sola that are more acid, and have a grayer matrix.
A lech is an offender
Lech estimates a return on investment on the wireless equipment of little more than a year.
Lech is set on the busy ulica Sw.
Lech writes essays in English class on the handheld and skips the trip to the school media center.
Lechs are rivers.
A lecher is an offender
Lechers drool and hookers flirt.
A lechery is sex
Lechery is the direct cause of overpopulation.
Lechwe isa waterbuck.
Lechwes have (part) brains.
Lechwes have (part) breasts.
Lechwes have (part) cannon bones.
Lechwes have (part) cell membranes.
Lechwes have (part) cells.
Lechwes have (part) chest cavities.
Lechwes have (part) chests.
Lechwes have (part) corpi.
Lechwes have (part) cytoplasm.
Lechwes have (part) ears.
Lechwes have (part) faces.
Lechwes have (part) heads.
Lechwes have (part) hip sockets.
Lechwes have (part) hoofs.
Lechwes have (part) nuclei.
Lechwes have (part) piluses.
Lechwes have (part) plasma membranes.
Lechwes have (part) rib cages.
Lechwes have (part) second stomachs.
Lechwes have (part) sections.
Lechwes have (part) skulls.
Lechwes have (part) sterna.
Lechwes have (part) vacuoles.
Lechwes have coats.
Lechwes have hoofs.
Lechwes have shaggy coats.
Lechwes have slender hoofs.
All lechwe prefer to graze on the edge of wetlands or floodplains.
All lechwe prefer to graze on the periphery of a floodplain or water body.
Some lechwes are descended from animals.
Some lechwes eat nutritious grass.
Some lechwes occur in areas.
A lecithin is a phospholipid
A lecithin is an emulsifier
All lecithin is soya lecithin.
A lectern is a stand
Lectern has casters for ease of mobility.
Lecterns are stands.
Lecterns are tables.
Lecterns have active electrical and ethernet jacks for using laptops.
Some lecterns take the form of an angel and some the form of an eagle.
Lectin damage follows a similar pattern.
A lectin is a glycoprotein
Lectins also are known to play important roles in the immune system .
Lectins are a family of molecules that recognise and bind to sugars.
Lectins are a type of protein that can bind to cell membranes.
Lectins are able to bind to the outside of a cell and cause biochemical changes in it.
Lectins are also toxic to pests that browse on the plants.
Lectins are carbohydrate binding glycoproteins found in various pulses.
Lectins are gene products from plants that are toxic to animals, including mammals.
Lectins are glycoproteins.
Lectins are made by both animals and plants.
Lectins are potentially active substances in many plant foods.
Lectins are present in most foods such as peas, beans, cereal grains, etc.
Lectins are proteins found in many plant foods, including broad beans.
Lectins are proteins highly resistant to digestion which can be assimilated into the body.
Lectins are proteins that bind to carbohydrates.
Lectins are proteins.
Lectins are similar to antibodies in their ability to agglutinate red blood cells.
Lectins are ubiquitous to prostate cancer cells as well as other cancer cells.
Lectins detect only a rather small range of sugars.
Lectins occur ubiquitously in nature.
Lectins typically play a role in biological recognition phenomena involving cells and proteins.
Lectins vary in their rates of inactivation by cooking.
Many lectins have apparent blood group specificity.
Some lectins can influence the behavior of nematodes.
A lector is a clergyman
A lector is Order
Lectors also attend the weekly lecture that the students attend.
Lectors also prepare the intentions and lead the congregation in the Prayers of Petition.
Lectors are clergymans.
Lectors are educators.
Lectors are laypersons who read the lessons and the psalms during the church service.
Lectors assist at the services by reading the first lesson from the pulpit.
Lectors assume the important role of proclaiming the good news of the scripture.
Lectors meet with approximately seven students once a week in an hour and a half long seminar.
Lectors proclaim the scripture readings and lead the intercessory prayers at our liturgies.
Lectors Read lessons and Prayers of the People at Sunday and mid-week services.
Lectors read lessons.
Lectors read the scripture lessons and lead the prayers of the people.
Lectors read, deacons preach gospel, presiders lead public prayer.
Lectors sit in the congregation and come forward at the time of the readings.
Lectors work in pairs.
Lecture bottles pose unique hazards due to their size and portability.
A lecture demonstration is a demonstration
Lecture demonstrations are an important component of the course.
Lecture demonstrations are available for schools and service organizations.
Lecture demonstrations are part of lectures.
Lecture demonstrations are part of workshops.
Lecture demonstrations are presentation.
Most lecture demonstrations are part of workshops.
All lecture halls have a mic attached to the podium.
Lecture notes are almost always simply an outline of available material.
Lecture notes are also available on the course page in electronic reserves in the library.
Lecture notes are also on the web.
Lecture notes are available at the department.
Lecture notes are available for all lectures up to the second midterm.
Lecture notes are available for download.
Lecture notes are available for some courses via links from the course syllabi.
Lecture notes are available here .
Lecture notes are available in postscript , pdf , and powerpoint formats.
Lecture notes are available on line as are study questions for each part.
Lecture notes are available on line.
Lecture notes are available on the web here .
Lecture notes are available on the web.
Lecture notes are available on-line at the above web site.
Lecture notes are available through the course web site.
Lecture notes are available to students in the bookstore .
Lecture notes are available, syllabus available at the subdepartment of forestry.
Lecture notes are available.
Lecture notes are detailed, but it is still very important to read the textbook.
Lecture notes are first, followed by homework assignments .
Lecture notes are important.
Lecture notes are links within each weekly assignments.
Lecture notes are now available .
Lecture notes are now available in dvi format and postscript format .
Lecture notes are now available.
Lecture notes are on the college web site.
Lecture notes are on the web.
Lecture notes are on-line .
Lecture notes are online.
Lecture notes are pdf files.
Lecture notes are postscript files.
Lecture notes are present in topical outline form.
Lecture notes are superbly organized and include references.
Lecture notes are unavailable from the instructor due to the nature of the class and lecture style.
Lecture notes are unavailable from the instructor due to the nature of the class.
Lecture notes are up.
Lecture notes are very important.
Lecture Notes Be sure to read all the online lecture notes.
Lecture notes belong to instructors .
Lecture notes can be effective study aids.
Lecture notes combined with notes from textbook material are an excellent source of review.
Lecture notes contain key information for using outside sources.
Lecture notes display mathematical text as inline gifs with interactive java illustrations.
Lecture notes distributed before class make it easy to follow lectures.
Lecture notes includes.
Lecture notes is updated.
Lecture notes pp.
Lecture notes provide a sufficient coverage over all materials.
Lecture notes provided are a scaled down version of on campus lecture notes.
Lecture Notes Read the handout and the lecture notes.
Lecture notes refer to the texts above.
All lecture notes appear here.
All lecture notes are available on the WEB .
All lecture notes are now on-line.
All lecture notes are online, and include material on relativity and quantum theory.
Some lecture notes are also available.
Lecture presentation focuses on ideas.
A lecture room is a classroom
Lecture rooms are also well equipped in audio-video facilities.
Lecture rooms are classrooms.
All lecture rooms have video and data projection facilities and audio support.
Some lecture rooms are in a very poor state.
Some lecture rooms have special equipment to assist students with hearing aids.
Lecture series are a terrific way to gain knowledge.
Lecture series begins dialogue on women and religion It all began when the bus broke down.
Lecture series bring notable visitors to campus to address classes and public audiences.
Lecture series is open to the public, free of charge.
Lecture serieses are lecturing.
Lecture slides are uploaded at some time after they are presented in the day sections.
Lecture Slides Click here to gain access to the slides from each lecture.
Lecture Slides Click here to view the slides from each given lecture.
Lecture slides provide a complete reference for the material that is presented.
All lecture slides are in powerpoint format.
All lecture slides are now available here .
Most lecture theatres are accessible to students using wheelchairs.
A lecture is a speech
Lecture addresses evolution debate .
Lecture are entertaining and informative.
Lecture basically gives the basics, and the lab is the time to practice the skills.
Lecture can be an effective way to promote student learning.
Lecture closely follows the experiments.
Lecture complements a more technical course.
Lecture contains information on childhood diseases and childhood safety.
Lecture courses with films and slides.
Lecture covers earth materials, geologic time, and geologic processes.
Lecture covers the advanced methods, effects and conditions of energy healing.
Lecture covers the anatomy, physiology, ecology, behavior, and diversity of insects.
Lecture covers the theoretical aspects of their formation and occurrence, as well as classification.
Lecture covers the types, effects and conditions of energy healing.
Lecture covers theory behind techniques.
Lecture emphasizes comparison of modern depositional systems with their ancient counterparts.
Lecture emphasizes weight management and effects of aging.
Lecture focuses on instrumentation properties and use, and methods of analyzing observations.
Lecture follows examination.
Lecture gives explanation of the map symbols and how to interpret the maps.
Lecture includes a guided imagery session into the past followed by a question and answer period.
Lecture includes biotic and abiotic inputs and controls of various ecosystems.
Lecture includes demonstration.
Lecture includes discussion of papers from the current literature.
Lecture includes examples and readings from classic and recent research.
Lecture includes handouts explaining diamond proportions and grading.
Lecture includes microprocessor hardware, architecture, and software including diagnostic routines.
Lecture includes practical nutritional information to assist in long-term weight reduction.
Lecture includes using rock ovens and steam pit cooking.
Lecture involves presentation of factual knowledge about primary physiological parameters.
Lecture is a convenient way to dispense facts.
Lecture is a part of any course, especially History.
Lecture is a valid and effective means of instruction.
Lecture is a waste of time.
Lecture is about one-fourth of most class time.
Lecture is an essential part of the college learning experience.
Lecture is an important but secondary element for a successful class.
Lecture is based on a sequence of topics mostly following the textbook.
Lecture is combined with sub-group interaction.
Lecture is designed to present a thorough outline and review of the main concepts from the textbook.
Lecture is designed to supplement and clarify the assigned readings.
Lecture is devoted to discussion of problems encountered on field experience.
Lecture is facilitated by access to molecular models and animated simulations via Internet.
Lecture is free and open to all.
Lecture is free and open to public.
Lecture is free and open to the public.
Lecture is free but reservations are requested.
Lecture is free to others with museum admission.
Lecture is free to the public.
Lecture is free with the price of museum admission.
Lecture is free, with a reception following.
Lecture is free.
Lecture is geared to beginning and intermediate researchers.
Lecture is geared towards the beginning and intermediate researcher.
Lecture is geared towards the intermediate to advanced researcher.
Lecture is important, but discussion is even more important.
Lecture is in English and open to the general public.
Lecture is informal with opportunity for audience to ask questions while garments are being shown.
Lecture is kept to a minimum, and participant involvement is maximized.
Lecture is kept to a minimum.
Lecture is minimised in favour of discussion, hands-on learning and group work.
Lecture is one hour and fifteen minutes.
Lecture is one of the most commonly used means for teaching students new information.
Lecture is pretty boring.
Lecture is question and answer.
Lecture is reinforced through practical exercises.
Lecture is reinforced with the use of hands on labs.
Lecture is still the dominant mode of instruction.
Lecture is supplemented by slides, films, and demonstrations.
Lecture is supplemented with drafting practice.
Lecture is supplemented with laboratory demonstrations.
Lecture is supplemented with transparencies and videotapes.
Lecture is supported by video presentations, dissections, possible field trips and outside speakers.
Lecture is supported by video, slides, and other audio visual aids.
Lecture is the most common teaching technique.
Lecture is the most commonly used teaching method.
Lecture is the most widely used teaching method.
Lecture is the preferred method for the economical transmission of information.
Lecture is the primary mode of instruction.
Lecture is two hours and fifty minutes including a fifteen-minute break.
Lecture is utilized as a primary means of information dissemination.
Lecture isa speech.
Lecture meet four times one week and three the next.
Lecture meets four times one week and three times the next.
Lecture note updates and errata.
Lecture notes A number of our lecturers have experimented with lecture notes.
Lecture notes about APPCs.
Lecture notes Click a class date.
Lecture notes etc.
Lecture notes for error analysis .
Lecture notes mostly, some programmes of scientific conferences with long-ago dates.
Lecture notes on butterfly circuits is now available.
Lecture notes on computational biology .
Lecture notes on correlations.
Lecture notes on degradation of soil and land.
Lecture notes on dermatology.
Lecture notes on different methods of measuring geologic time.
Lecture notes on eclampsia.
Lecture notes on feedback .
Lecture notes on frequency distributions.
Lecture notes on global multiple alignment.
Lecture notes on graphing techniques.
Lecture notes on haematology.
Lecture notes on hyperbolic geometry.
Lecture notes on hypothesis testing.
Lecture notes on linear programming.
Lecture notes on molecular biology .
Lecture notes on neurology.
Lecture notes on satisfiability testing and complexity.
Lecture notes on Section Three.
Lecture notes on Section Two.
Lecture notes on software process improvement.
Lecture notes on the major soils of the world.
Lecture notes on their geography, formation, properties and use.
Lecture notes on trauma , arthritis , back pain , infections , tumours and fractures .
Lecture notes on trees.
Lecture notes online.
Lecture notes S.L.Olsen.
Lecture notes Some advice about proofs.
Lecture notes to some courses.
Lecture notes up soon. . . .
Lecture notes with exercises.
Lecture presents the basic information of petrology.
Lecture presents the basic information of sedimentology and stratigraphy.
Lecture provides an opportunity for explanation of and expansion on the material in the text.
Lecture Provides the maximum seating capacity.
Lecture quizzes .
Lecture quizzes, homework, and final exam.
Lecture Read the scheduled material before attending lecture.
Lecture Read through the assigned sections before coming to lecture.
Lecture s over.
Lecture slides Assignments and associated information.
Lecture slides from a course in chemometrics.
Lecture slides on chapter seven.
Lecture slides Synchronisation using simple shared variables.
Lecture slides to accompany textbook.
Lecture Slideshows Click on a week to view the slide show.
Lecture stresses species responses and requirements.
Lecture tends to go the same way.
Lecture tours about the tabernacle's history, construction, function and significance are available.
Lecture work possible.
Lectures address a variety of specialized topics.
Lectures address literature forms and their principal exponents.
Lectures address physiological processes at cellular, whole organism and habitat levels.
Lectures address specific areas of immunology.
Lectures address the history of the conflict from the perspective of general social science ideas.
Lectures address the various rules and exceptions for the core classes in Java.
Lectures also explore the impact of Europe and America on traditional ways of life.
Lectures also instruct students on the writing of clear, concise laboratory reports.
Lectures also involve active class discussion and in-class screenings.
Lectures also involve some active learning participation by students.
Lectures also present additional examples and explanations of text material.
Lectures also require some art in presenting the material in front of a group of people.
Lectures alternate with discussions of readings.
Lectures amplify, explain and extend the text material and frequently include demonstrations.
Lectures appear on the timetable in dark blue.
Lectures are a cost effective way to gain insight into a very specific topic.
Lectures are a guide to, rather than an exhaustive analysis of, a topic.
Lectures are a surefire turnoff for the average teenager.
Lectures are about an hour long.
Lectures are about one and one half hours in length and the fees vary.
Lectures are accessible to subscribers via a secure login.
Lectures are addresses.
Lectures are all audio taped and selected ones are videotaped.
Lectures are also available at the library on reserve.
Lectures are also available during the broadcast on the Internet with an interactive chat session.
Lectures are also available.
Lectures are always a highlight of our family weekends.
Lectures are always informative and interesting.
Lectures are an excellent source of inspiration, information, and challenge.
Lectures are another way to engage discussion of usefulness in the world outside college.
Lectures are approximately one hour in length.
Lectures are available for high school or college students.
Lectures are available here .
Lectures are available in English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, and Japanese.
Lectures are available on tape in the library.
Lectures are available on the web.
Lectures are available on-line.
Lectures are available to all students on the course website.
Lectures are available upon request.
Lectures are available.
Lectures are better at providing factual knowledge than at developing skills.
Lectures are brief with the majority of time spent on relevant workplace situations.
Lectures are central to university teaching.
Lectures are complementary to textbook reading assignments and examinations cover both.
Lectures are complemented by specimen collection, field observation and laboratory work.
Lectures are complimentary.
Lectures are comprehensive and stimulating.
Lectures are consistent with the subject matter in the course outline.
Lectures are devoted to discussing project-related issues and student presentations.
Lectures are entertaining but very unstructured.
Lectures are essential.
Lectures are for discussion, interaction and learning.
Lectures are for listening and taking notes.
Lectures are for others.
Lectures are formal presentations to all students taking a module.
Lectures are fortnightly.
Lectures are FREE .
Lectures are free after museum admission.
Lectures are free and no enrollment is required.
Lectures are free and no tickets or reservations are required.
Lectures are free and open to students, faculty and members of the community at large.
Lectures are free and open to the public.
Lectures are FREE and workshops have low participation fees.
Lectures are free but require reservations.
Lectures are free of charge and open to all.
Lectures are free of charge and open to the public.
Lectures are free of charge and the general public is welcomed.
Lectures are free of charge.
Lectures are free to the public.
Lectures are FREE to the public.
Lectures are free, and are open to members and non members.
Lectures are free, and no special invitation or tickets are necessary.
Lectures are free, but lunch reservations are requested.
Lectures are free, but registration is required.
Lectures are free, but there is a museum entrance fee.
Lectures are FREE, however, registration is required.
Lectures are free.
Lectures are from current research literature.
Lectures are great, and surgery is extremely interesting, although the surgical field is small.
Lectures are great.
Lectures are group paced.
Lectures are held in provisional theatres, neither equipment nor books are available.
Lectures are important for another reason.
Lectures are important.
Lectures are in Catalan and Spanish, but final thesis can be presented in other languages.
Lectures are in English and some in French.
Lectures are in English or in French, with interpretation provided.
Lectures are in English with simultaneous translation in Spanish available.
Lectures are in English.
Lectures are in Japanese or English, so a good basic knowledge of English is needed.
Lectures are in note form, but are easy to follow.
Lectures are in situ.
Lectures are in Universities.
Lectures are independent of the reading assignments.
Lectures are ineffective forms of transmitting information.
Lectures are informal, questions and class discussion are encourages.
Lectures are interactive and designed for refreshing students.
Lectures are interactive with the students participating in large classroom activities.
Lectures are interactive.
Lectures are interesting and relevant.
Lectures are interesting.
Lectures are interpretive and correlative.
Lectures are interwoven with guided hands-on exercises.
Lectures are large, lecture format events.
Lectures are less likely to produce the intellectual virtues.
Lectures are located in conferences.
Lectures are located in courses.
Lectures are mainly power point slides that feature readable diagrams.
Lectures are math based and analytical.
Lectures are math based and thus rigorous.
Lectures are minimal, and always after students have engaged the problems that the lectures discuss.
Lectures are more convenient when played from the course compact disk.
Lectures are much more interesting when the presenter is a gifted speaker.
Lectures are normally in Spanish.
Lectures are normally once a week.
Lectures are normally open free of charge to members of public.
Lectures are often expository in nature to improve the interaction with scientists in other fields.
Lectures are often work sessions.
Lectures are on advanced topics.
Lectures are on screen printing theory related to hands-on lab experiences.
Lectures are one hour long with time for questions.
Lectures are one of the most common educational efforts on the college campus.
Lectures are one thing.
Lectures are ongoing.
Lectures are only a basic means of introducing new knowledge.
Lectures are only by invitation.
Lectures are open to all and free.
Lectures are open to all with prior approval.
Lectures are open to members and the general public.
Lectures are open to members as well as the general public.
Lectures are open to the general public.
Lectures are open to the public and are free of charge.
Lectures are open to the public and are generally presented at no cost.
Lectures are open to the public and free and are suitable for any age group.
Lectures are open to the public and free of charge.
Lectures are open to the public and no reply is necessary.
Lectures are open to the public free of charge.
Lectures are open to the public.
Lectures are outside the observing time.
Lectures are over now.
Lectures are part of courses.
Lectures are part of each of the three degrees in the Blue Lodge.
Lectures are particularly unsuited to individualized attention.
Lectures are perhaps the most awesome form of communication known to humankind.
Lectures are practice oriented.
Lectures are pretty boring and the class just argues stupid points for an hour.
Lectures are rebukes.
Lectures are reliant on visual aids and actual examples of materials used to create design concepts.
Lectures are secondary and optional.
Lectures are seminars with readings and papers.
Lectures are sign interpreted for the hearing-impaired.
Lectures are slide-illustrated and intended for a general audience.
Lectures are solid, while recitations have a dark border around each option.
Lectures are still available on audio tape.
Lectures are subject to change.
Lectures are suitable for ALL undergraduates, whether in the humanities or science.
Lectures are supplemented by ex- periments and dissections of interesting forms.
Lectures are supplemented with films and slides.
Lectures are tape-recorded and abstracted or outlined by students.
Lectures are teaching.
Lectures are team-taught to make the best use of faculty member expertise.
Lectures are text-based, with all participation taking place in real time.
Lectures are the cheapest, most commonly used, and least effective method of safety training.
Lectures are the cornerstone to what is considered the most significant concepts.
Lectures are the dominant mode of teaching.
Lectures are the essential part of the course.
Lectures are the main form of instruction.
Lectures are the main means of disseminating information in the mathematics programme.
Lectures are the main source of their studying material.
Lectures are the main teaching method in the module.
Lectures are the most formal type of teaching, usually used to introduce key knowledge and concepts.
Lectures are the most important source of study information.
Lectures are the point of imparting information and concepts.
Lectures are the primary form of undergraduate instruction in U.S. institutions.
Lectures are the primary means of presenting the material contained in the text.
Lectures are the primary way instructors communicate the information they want to teach students.
Lectures are the principal method of exposition.
Lectures are therefore an inefficient medium from the student's point of view.
Lectures are therefore rather fast-paced.
Lectures are to familiarize students with the essence of various basic analyses.
Lectures are to familiarize students with various basic analysis of the Korean economy.
Lectures are to give background, make connections and arouse enthusiasm and interest.
Lectures are traditionally one-way broadcasting of material.
Lectures are unlimited.
Lectures are usually free and open to the public.
Lectures are usually free to the public.
Lectures are usually in Finnish, but there are many that are offered in English.
Lectures are usually in Icelandic, although some are in English.
Lectures are usually informal and seminars offer plenty of opportunity for discussion.
Lectures are usually one hour in length with time for questions and answers.
Lectures are usually open and notification is posted on student bulletin boards.
Lectures are usually open to all students and faculty.
Lectures are verbal and usually dull, but demonstrations are graphic and add interest.
Lectures are very boring and difficult to understand due to accent.
Lectures are very interesting and informed . .
Lectures are very much like classes, without the field experience.
Lectures are very organized, structured, and easy to follow.
Lectures are very precise.
Lectures are very similar to the kind of teaching employed in school or college.
Lectures are webcast live and archived for on-demand viewing.
Lectures are webcast live and are archived for on-demand viewing.
Lectures are well structured, tutorials are detailed with maximum student participation.
Lectures are wheelchair accessible and devices for the hearing impaired are available.
Lectures are where students first hear the words and the learning begins.
Lectures are where the principal themes of the course are introduced.
Lectures are without charge, and lecture programmes are available on request.
Lectures assume all the readings assigned for that day.
Lectures assume familiarity with the readings.
Lectures assume no special technical or historical background.
Lectures assume the student has read the assignment for the week.
Lectures begin and end promptly.
Lectures begin at noon.
Lectures begin for third-year medical students.
Lectures begin on the first day.
Lectures begin on the hour.
Lectures begin one hour prior to each concert.
Lectures begin the day and are followed by laboratory work.
Lectures benefit auditory learners more than others.
Lectures bring all students in the same subject together.
Lectures build on contemporary diet plans.
Lectures build on course notes and selected publications.
Lectures Call for topic .
Lectures can be a very effective way of passing information and ideas to a group.
Lectures can be boring.
Lectures can be on the Web, allowing students to listen and learn at their own pace.
Lectures can be really boring.
Lectures can be tedious, but they are necessary evils for some classroom material.
Lectures can become group discussions.
Lectures can communicate the intrinsic interest of the subject matter.
Lectures can convey large amounts of factual material.
Lectures can organize material in a special way.
Lectures can speak to many listeners at the same time.
Lectures can wait.
Lectures cease prior to end of year examining period.
Lectures center on development at the cellular level.
Lectures Click on a link below to see the lecture handout or other information about that lecture.
Lectures complement the work done in first-year tutorials and for the group projects.
Lectures compliment, rather than reiterate, the reading material provided in the reprotext package.
Lectures concentrate on the application of analytical skills to real engineering problems.
Lectures conclude by examining tests and methods used in the final product purification.
Lectures conclude with multihead microscope demonstrations.
Lectures consider problems in nonlinear elasticity and mathematical biology.
Lectures Consider tape recording lectures.
Lectures consist of all students taking a particular subject.
Lectures constitute the substance of the course.
Lectures contain material the professor has gathered from sources other than classroom materials.
Lectures coupled with investigative labs provide exposure to a wide variety of topics.
Lectures cover a variety of health related topics.
Lectures cover a variety of interconnection networks and the application of parallel architectures.
Lectures cover a variety of topics in the evolution, physiology, behavior, and ecology of birds.
Lectures cover a wide range of biological, physical, chemical, and geologic topics.
Lectures cover a wide variety of interesting subjects and are delivered by experts in their fields.
Lectures cover a wide variety of subjects and mathematical tastes.
Lectures cover all materials and problems presented in the text.
Lectures cover an overview of igneous and metamorphic petrology.
Lectures cover basic chemical principles and their applications.
Lectures cover bread and butter medicine well.
Lectures cover current Internet topics and biomedical communication.
Lectures cover current major products for the supply of services and their interior outlet hardware.
Lectures cover data reduction techniques and instrument theory.
Lectures cover data structures, overlay theory, and spatial queries.
Lectures cover electromagnetic radiation, optical instruments, and the solar system.
Lectures cover machining, welding, foundry, testing, assembly, and forging methods.
Lectures cover main topics outlined below.
Lectures cover managerial as well as top-level technical aspects of systems development.
Lectures cover medical and surgical interventions and related nursing care.
Lectures cover mineralogy, geochemistry, phase equilibria and occurrence of igneous rocks.
Lectures cover mineralogy, phase equilibria and occurrence of metamorphic rocks.
Lectures cover modern methods of culture and their influence on food quality.
Lectures cover most aspects of basic and clinical ophthalmology.
Lectures cover plant tissue culture, sterilization, aseptic techniques and nutrient medium.
Lectures cover projects at a simple level accessible to all students.
Lectures cover prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells, plant and animal cells.
Lectures cover scientific diving techniques.
Lectures cover the basic dental sciences and dental specialties. .
Lectures cover the basic dental sciences and dental specialties.
Lectures cover the basic physics of radiation and the principles of observational astronomy.
Lectures cover the broad range of fields encompassed by the discipline of political science.
Lectures cover the concepts and ideas of social problems.
Lectures cover the diversity of insect orders.
Lectures cover the fundamentals of wildlife science.
Lectures cover the primary conceptual material.
Lectures cover the principal themes and are attended by all students studying the module.
Lectures cover the principles of molecular and cell biology.
Lectures cover the structure and properties of neurons, neurotransmitters and signal transduction.
Lectures cover the theoretical aspects of machine architecture.
Lectures cover the theoretical basis and applications of modern spectroscopic methods.
Lectures cover the topics of fevers, eruptive diseases and gastrointestinal diseases.
Lectures cover the topics of the nervous system and the senses.
Lectures cover thermodynamic and kinetic principles of importance to physical biochemistry.
Lectures cover timely topics, and are free and open to the public.
Lectures cover visual story telling, formatting, plot structure, character and dialogue.
Lectures cover writing, preproduction, production and examples of radio and television commercials.
Lectures deal with broad concepts of disease and underlying molecular mechanisms.
Lectures deal with subtle concepts, their logical structure and problem solving techniques.
Lectures deal with the inheritance from molecular genetics through population genetics.
Lectures deal with the taxonomy, morphology, ecology and evolution of principal vertebrate groups.
Lectures deal with the theory underlying qualitative organic analysis.
Lectures define the course.
Lectures deliver the basics, and teachers encourage students to solve problems on their own.
Lectures describe geology, paleoecology, and history of areas traveled.
Lectures describe how the craft is, and has been, performed throughout the ages.
Lectures describe the use of specialized laboratory equipment.
Lectures detail the structure and function of the brain and spinal cord.
Lectures develop concepts essential to understanding infectious phenomena.
Lectures discuss notation, terminology, mathematical models, fisheries principles, and case studies.
Lectures discuss sky cycles, astronomical tools, star evolution, galaxies, the solar system.
Lectures do of course transmit facts.
Lectures do, in fact, have a number of advantages.
Lectures draw from a variety of topics and current events.
Lectures draw on the textbook material, but frequently expand on or provide context to the readings.
Lectures emphasize an evolutionary approach.
Lectures emphasize basic concepts of biology.
Lectures emphasize basic correlative clinical concepts.
Lectures emphasize classroom demonstrations and examples.
Lectures emphasize clinical correlations.
Lectures emphasize important or difficult points in the reading.
Lectures emphasize mechanisms of microbial pathogenicity and immune response to infection.
Lectures emphasize morphology and progressive specialization in morphological development.
Lectures emphasize morphology and structure-function relationships.
Lectures emphasize structures of all the systems of the human body.
Lectures emphasize the culture, arts, geography, and history of the country visited.
Lectures emphasize the development of African American culture and the struggle for equality.
Lectures emphasize the integration of life history information with available control options.
Lectures emphasize the main themes.
Lectures emphasize the most common pathogens of man.
Lectures emphasize the scientific basis of existing and proposed policy.
Lectures emphasize the taxonomy and ecology of local plants.
Lectures encompass subject matter on a nonregional basis.
Lectures encourage a passive attitude.
Lectures end with the French Revolution.
Lectures examine architecture through the eyes of noted experts.
Lectures examine insect biology and interactions of insects with man.
Lectures explain or expand upon lab results.
Lectures explain the readings and provide background.
Lectures explore graphic design as a business and an art form.
Lectures explore graphic design as a business and an artform.
Lectures fall in the teaching paradigm category.
Lectures feature naturalists, artists and experts on Polynesia.
Lectures feature regular use of slide, video and other audio-visual material.
Lectures feature regular use of slides, video and other audio-visual material.
Lectures feature speakers who give thought-provoking presentation on a variety of topics.
Lectures first focus on the biology of cetaceans and how they are adapted to the marine environment.
Lectures focus on application of statistics in bioengineering.
Lectures focus on bacterial cytology, growth, and metabolism.
Lectures focus on classification, structure, reproduction, development, and physiology in plants.
Lectures focus on critical reading and evaluation of original journal publications.
Lectures focus on ecological principles.
Lectures focus on new winemaking techniques, trends, grape varieties, and wineries.
Lectures focus on painting and sculpture.
Lectures focus on practical information to ease the transition into emergency medicine.
Lectures focus on symptoms of dementia and methods for coping with the illness.
Lectures focus on techniques for listening to, understanding, and thinking about music.
Lectures focus on the development of ecological concepts and theory.
Lectures focus on the many great classical composers who lived and worked in Vienna.
Lectures focus on the science of genetics.
Lectures focus on the varied physical environments and ecology of California plant communities.
Lectures focus on theory and demonstration of fluid principles through simple in-class experiments.
Lectures focus on topics related to Africa.
Lectures focus on use of embedded processors in digital system design and interfacing techniques.
Lectures focus on works of art in their cultural context.
Lectures Follow the hyperlink to see a brief overview of the organization of the course.
Lectures follow the two midterm examinations.
Lectures give an introduction the material and give a basis for class discussion.
Lectures give an overview of the theoretical material of the subject.
Lectures given in the field are an integral part of the course.
Lectures gives schedule of the lecture and information about in-lecture quizzes.
Lectures go well beyond the text.
Lectures have a part to play in providing such variety.
Lectures have a strong practical orientation, and are often delivered by leading industrialists.
Lectures have become impersonal, so have tutorials.
Lectures have limited space - please make a reservation.
Lectures help to provide guidance for discussions in sections of about sixteen students each.
Lectures Here is a list of readings corresponding to the planned lectures.
Lectures Here is a summary of topics covered in lectures to date.
Lectures highlight important concepts of immunology.
Lectures highlighted are lectures for which students are responsible for taking off the internet.
Lectures illustrate the microstructure of major tissues and organs in relation to their function.
Lectures Improving labs is one thing, but lectures have a vital role to play too.
Lectures incorporate the developmental and evolutionary bases of anatomy.
Lectures integrate advanced technical aesthetic material.
Lectures integrate basic material with in-depth discussions of particular topics.
Lectures introduce an historical background to Indonesia through the history of language.
Lectures introduce basic features and actions of hydrology, ecology, soil science, and landforms.
Lectures introduce broad concepts and provide historical continuity for seminar discussions.
Lectures introduce case studies of actual situations in the forest-cropland interface.
Lectures introduce facilities, tools materials and techniques.
Lectures introduce ideas, objectives and precedents.
Lectures introduce key physical and chemical processes that operate within each geosystem.
Lectures introduce subject matter and the sources and debates that are the focus of private study.
Lectures involve large groups while the tutorials are in small groups.
Lectures involve student participation and discussion.
Lectures involve taking of summary notes to supplement handout containing diagrams and tables.
Lectures involve volunteer audience participation.
Lectures keep students interesting.
Lectures lack feedback to both the instructor and the student about the students' learning.
Lectures mainly deal with astronomical objects that lie outside the solar system.
Lectures meet twice a week and involve the whole class.
Lectures merely provide the individual with information.
Lectures note and reader.
Lectures notes from a course in physical geography.
Lectures notes on the transfer operator.
Lectures now start with the syntax and semantics.
Lectures occur only at the desire of the group, and the group decides on the subject.
Lectures only consist of four hours a week.
Lectures only restate what is in the book.
Lectures permit maximum teacher control.
Lectures place the burden of organizing and synthesizing content solely on the lecturer.
Lectures present a variety of prose and verse forms.
Lectures present general principles and examples of water management systems.
Lectures present new concepts which students then apply by writing computer programs.
Lectures present the base material.
Lectures present the various principles and theories of the discipline.
Lectures present unique information and are closely related to smaller group sessions.
Lectures primarily serve in explaining economic theory and in answering questions.
Lectures provide a context for understanding the development of Nordic drama.
Lectures provide a format within which one can cover the most material in any single given hour.
Lectures provide a regularized encounter with the material.
Lectures provide a review of the latest historical thinking on the period.
Lectures provide a synthesis of recent historical studies of the period.
Lectures provide an opportunity to teach a large number of students at one time.
Lectures provide an outline of each topic covered, sign- posting the most important points.
Lectures provide background material and cover tradeoffs of the two technologies.
Lectures provide essential information and identify further sources for additional material.
Lectures provide historical background and a context in which to read the selections.
Lectures provide insights into interesting and intriguing topics.
Lectures provide some historical background but concentrate on analysis of assigned readings.
Lectures provide the background to understand the principles of cell culture and bioreactor design.
Lectures provide the conceptual basis for contemporary research in mouse development.
Lectures provide the framework that links the other two methods.
Lectures provide the historical and cultural milieu that shaped British writers.
Lectures provide the instructor and the learners with consistency and efficiency.
Lectures provide the necessary background required for carrying out work in the field.
Lectures provide the necessary physical and historical background for the labs.
Lectures pursue various topics in greater depth and develop advanced clinical skills.
Lectures Read the material before lecture.
Lectures recommand es.
Lectures reinforce and explain concepts presented in the text.
Lectures reinforce and explain the material presented in the textbook.
Lectures reinforce the physiology and chemistry necessary to understand why assays are performed.
Lectures relate to every phase of fixed, removable, maxillofacial, and implant prosthodontics.
Lectures relating to exhibitions are also organized.
Lectures require an effective speaker who can vary tone, pitch, and pace of delivery.
Lectures require many visual aids to help explain complex relationships.
Lectures resume for two hours after lunch.
Lectures reveal the role of drawing to architecture as both building and idea.
Lectures roughly follow syllabus.
Lectures See below.
Lectures Sign up for one lecture.
Lectures stand alone too much.
Lectures start on the hour.
Lectures start promptly at the given time.
Lectures start with early sarcophagi, the catacombs and objects of everyday use.
Lectures stress aesthetic developments in the history of photography.
Lectures stress bonding theory and symmetry.
Lectures stress characteristics of the phyla, ecological relationships and behavior.
Lectures stress concepts of atomic physics, basic electricity, energetics, heat, and optics.
Lectures stress experimental methods, statistics, and the fundamental limits of measurements.
Lectures stress modern experimental methods and devices.
Lectures stress physical and biological habitat features and plant adaptations.
Lectures stress practical applications to various fields.
Lectures supplement and highlight the text.
Lectures supplement information gained by dissection.
Lectures supplement the course's written work.
Lectures supplement the extensive field and laboratory work.
Lectures supplement the readings, which are the main material for the course.
Lectures supplement the text materials.
Lectures supplement time spent in the laboratory and clinical settings.
Lectures supplement weekly conferences and discussion groups.
Lectures supply a detailed look at social and political events which helped shape the literature.
Lectures survey the comparative anatomy of the vertebrate classes.
Lectures Take a few minutes right now and review the lesson on permutations and combinations.
Lectures take place alongside, and there is fieldwork earlier in the course.
Lectures take place in a large group with small group teaching for seminars.
Lectures take place in three intensive one-week session each year.
Lectures take place in traditional settings.
Lectures take place in two streams.
Lectures take place on weekdays and evenings and at weekends.
Lectures take place one hour prior to curtain and are discounted for subscribers.
Lectures take relatively little time to prepare, and even less time to update.
Lectures tend to be boring and one-sided.
Lectures tend to be forgotten quickly.
Lectures tend to deal with both general content and with methodological issues.
Lectures tend to deal with methodological issues, but also cover general content.
Lectures tend to summarize the set readings or give overviews of class material.
Lectures -These provide a broad overview of key concepts and ideas.
Lectures turn into video files or streaming video.
Lectures typically last one hour and include a question and answer period.
Lectures vary according to the interests of each tour group.
Lectures vary from fascinating to uproarious.
Lectures vary from lengthy to short to none.
Lectures vary from one to two hours depending upon request.
Lectures vary in request and presentations range from small group sessions to keynote addresses.
Lectures Always read the material before lecture .
Lectures frequently provide an opportunity for statements of public policy.
Lectures often cover different subjects than the books.
Lectures often cover materials other than the text.
Lectures often provide a forum for questions and answers.
Lectures often supplement material in the text.
Lectures usually last an hour or so.
Lectures usually serve as a preview to the next week's lab experiment.
Lectures usually take one hour and can be tailored to the specific needs of the instructor.
All lecture are free and open to the public.
All lectures are also available in workshop, residency, and full semester course formats.
All lectures are available as links on the course Web page.
All lectures are available in audio and video tape formats.
All lectures are available on the web.
All lectures are available on videotape.
All lectures are available to view.
All lectures are during normal school hours.
All lectures are especially targeted for scientists.
All lectures are free and can be attended by anyone.
All lectures are free and held at concert performance locations.
All lectures are free and open to all alumni, parents, students, and friends.
All lectures are free and open to all.
All lectures are free and open to public.
All lectures are free and open to the general public.
All lectures are free and open to the public .
All lectures are free and open to the public unless otherwise indicated.
All lectures are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All lectures are free and open to the public, but seating is limited.
All lectures are free and open to the public.
All Lectures are free and open to the public.
All lectures are free and the public are encouraged to attend.
All lectures are free and the public is encouraged to attend.
All lectures are free and the public is invited.
All lectures are free but pre-registration is requested.
All lectures are free for students, faculty, and staff.
All lectures are free of charge and are open to members and their friends .
All lectures are free of charge and open to the public.
All lectures are free to members and included with regular admission.
All lectures are free to members.
All lectures are free to students.
All lectures are free to the public.
All lectures are free, but bookings are essential.
All lectures are free.
All lectures are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All lectures are in English.
All lectures are in Russian.
All lectures are in Spanish, with discussions in Spanish and English.
All lectures are in the evening and open to the public.
All lectures are mandatory.
All lectures are now on-line.
All lectures are now password protected.
All lectures are open and free to the public.
All lectures are open free to the public.
All lectures are open to all interested parties.
All lectures are open to interested visitors.
All lectures are open to membership and guests.
All lectures are open to the campus community without being enrolled in the 'for-credit' seminar.
All lectures are open to the community .
All lectures are open to the general public.
All lectures are open to the public and are FREE to attend.
All lectures are open to the public and free of charge.
All lectures are open to the public free of charge.
All lectures are open to the public without charge.
All lectures are open to the public, free of charge.
All lectures are open to the public.
All lectures are open, without registration.
All Lectures are plenary, have the same duration and are followed by a discussion.
All lectures are slide presentations and run from one to two hours.
All lectures are slide-illustrated.
All lectures are slide-supported.
All lectures are subject to change without notice.
All lectures are undated.
All lectures begin at noon, and visitors are invited to bring a lunch to eat during the session.
All lectures begin at noon.
All lectures begin one hour before the concert.
All lectures commence in the evening subsequently to the regular daytime courses.
All lectures feature video examples from distinguished or current TV programmes.
All lectures have a limited enrollment.
All lectures have simultaneous translations into German or English.
All lectures last fifty minutes.
All lectures last one hour, unless otherwise noted.
All lectures listed are free of charge.
All lectures occur during the fall term and are free and open to the public.
Any lecture is an experience.
Every lecture has a number of key questions and key points.
Every lecture has a number of key questions, and key points.
Every lecture is a quiz and every quiz counts towards the student's final grade.
Every lecture is a unique experience which is assisted by the enthusiasm of our teaching staff.
Every lecture is arranged with the consent of the class teacher.
Every lecture is assigned a page with links to explanatory imagery and sample problems.
Every lecture is complemented with review questions, and practice problems.
Every lecture is filled with magic tricks and the theory of what makes the trick work.
Every lecture is free and open to the public.
Every lecture is given by an expert licensed or certified specialist in their field.
Every lecture is important.
Every lecture is like going to a concert.
Many lectures are unrelated and, generally, outside a normal student's experience range.
Many lectures culminate in a question and answer period.
More lectures are to follow.
Most lectures are by invitation, with a limited number of contributed papers.
Most lectures contain several beautifully conceived and executed demonstrations.
Most lectures have a corresponding simulation.
Most lectures have an associated reading assignment from the book.
Some lectures are also obligatory for practical reasons as are all lectures by invited guests.
Some lectures are available on-line.
Some lectures are easier to illustrate than others.
Some lectures are even free.
Some lectures have no optional reading.
Some lectures have supplemental problems.
Some lectures make good concept maps or charts .
Some lectures require tickets.
Some lectures stress the clinical correlation of the basic course concepts.
A lecturer is an educator
Lecturer brings in tape, a backup copy is made.
Lecturers accompany all voyages to enhance the passengers enjoyment of the places visited.
Lecturers also give out useful booklists and handouts.
Lecturers also incorporate discussions about nursing research into each session.
Lecturers are all ministers or ruling elders of the denomination.
Lecturers are also available for off-site courses.
Lecturers are always approachable and there is a friendly atmosphere in both departments.
Lecturers are approachable and friendly, discussions are lively and open.
Lecturers are available for consultations, treatments, and follow-ups.
Lecturers are available on a range of topics from the church to politics as indicated below.
Lecturers are eligible for teaching awards.
Lecturers are European experts in the field.
Lecturers are free to take commitments as their schedules permit.
Lecturers are highly qualified experts drawn from academia, business, or government.
Lecturers are humans.
Lecturers are internationally prominent teachers and clinicians.
Lecturers are located in classrooms.
Lecturers are located in conferences.
Lecturers are nontenured faculty that teach undergraduate classes on campus.
Lecturers are often the first point of contact for students, especially in the first term.
Lecturers are often willing to lend their gowns out for a moot.
Lecturers are primarily prominent Palestinian scholars.
Lecturers are responsible for the entire content and activities of the course.
Lecturers are speakers.
Lecturers are teachers.
Lecturers are term contract employees.
Lecturers are the provider of that information.
Lecturers are to be invited based on the topics and summaries in the book.
Lecturers are usually experts in the specific area under study.
Lecturers bring a variety of skills, experiences and knowledge to campus.
Lecturers buy or select.
Lecturers can come from any discipline and any geographical location.
Lecturers can place restrictions on copying.
Lecturers can program DVDs to show timed sections of recorded materials in any order.
Lecturers can update their reading lists from their own desktop computer.
Lecturers can use the directory to incorporate information skills into their modules or courses.
Lecturers can use videos and the various forms of projected materials to support their teaching.
Lecturers carry the majority of weekend shifts.
Lecturers click here to request an inspection copy .
Lecturers come both from the British academic community and from among human rights professionals.
Lecturers come from various departments but present topics of general interest.
Lecturers depend on student questions, especially elementary ones, to assist the learning process.
Lecturers do have the right to organize.
Lecturers earn less.
Lecturers explain the nature of the theory underpinning each area.
Lecturers feel underpaid.
Lecturers find the mix of different nationalities usually stimulating, but sometimes difficult.
Lecturers generally like students to stick within the word limit.
Lecturers generally teach two courses or seminars.
Lecturers have as much right to deliver crappy courses on the Web as they do in the classroom.
Lecturers have different patterns for presenting material.
Lecturers have easy access to portable computers and projectors.
Lecturers have exemplary command of their subject and transmit their enthusiasm to the students.
Lecturers have the right to petition the campus faculty board of review.
Lecturers know that there is no point in getting more pay if there is no-one to teach.
Lecturers know the courses and know how to improve courses for freshman and sophomore levels.
Lecturers know things.
Lecturers make own arrangements.
Lecturers play an active role in assisting students with work placement.
Lecturers read it, surprised, and next the moving book became a set text.
Lecturers receive a local salary and housing from their host university.
Lecturers receive a stipend, round trip airfare, housing, and Western-style health insurance.
Lecturers receive audio and a still snapshot of a student asking a question.
Lecturers say they've waited long enough for a decent increase.
Lecturers select works by writers of both sexes to analyze significant female and male perspectives.
Lecturers specify a particular date and time before hand for the online chat session.
Lecturers talk while other people sleep.
Lecturers teaching eight or more credits are in the bargaining unit.
Lecturers tend to specialise in particular areas.
Lecturers use a range of audio-visual aids, including video and computer projection panels.
Lecturers frequently find themselves imprisoned with their students and continue classes in jail.
Lecturers often give clues which indicate the most important points.
Lecturers often signal availability by leaving their door open.
Lecturers usually explain the exam format in the last lecture for the semester.
All lecturers are internationally renown and leaders in their fields.
All lecturers are professionals in their field.
All lecturers then prepare and deliver their own materials based on the outline.
All lecturers use email to contact their students.
Many lecturers attempt to present a few major points and several minor points in a lecture.
Many lecturers offer field trips and social events as part of their courses.
Many lecturers use multi-colored sketches during their lectures.
Most lecturers allow time during or at the end of the lecture for questions.
Most lecturers are clinicians.
Most lecturers are current industry practitioners with good employment contacts.
Most lecturers are happy to answer questions during a lecture.
Most lecturers are sympathetic towards students who are trying to overcome their problems.
Most lecturers issue reading lists to help students choose material.
Most lecturers serve for two years so the new group adds to the second-year veterans.
Most lecturers teach classes at the freshman level.
Most lecturers work under quarterly contracts.
Some lecturers are quite entertaining and enthusiastic.
Some lecturers arrange for lectures to be audio taped.
Some lecturers bring in slides, overheads or even pieces of equipment for hands-on demonstration.
Some lecturers decorate their points with interesting and important background material.
Some lecturers get irritable if they have to deviate too much from their lesson plan.
Some lecturers have audio and video clips available.
Some lecturers like to obtain information about their students at the first lecture.
Some lecturers make a textbook or notes available for student reference.
Some lecturers make it easier than others to see the organization of their subject matter.
Some lecturers prepare handouts with gaps for the students to fill in during the lecture.
Some lecturers provide clues as to what is most important.
Some lecturers provide notes with essential sections missing.
Some lecturers use strange idioms.
Lectures notes are also to be compiled.
Lectures notes are in html.
A lectureship is a position
Lectureships can offer some opportunity for research.
Lectureships Presents the same lectureship outlines as are found in the lectureship books.
Most lecturing assignments are in English.
Most lecturing staff have an e-mail address.
Lecturing are teaching.
LED indicator confirms signal transmission.
LED indicator indicates optimum mounting position.
LED indicator makes it easy to see when batteries are fully charged.
LED indicator shows power output and verifies proper operation.
LED lighting gives out almost no heat and no ultraviolet.
LED meter indicates peak output signal level.
LED meter shows battery status.
Most Ledalite products feature a simple slider to adjust the mount position for lateral leveling.
A lede is a section
Ledes are sacred, and major changes are run by the city desk.
A ledge is a ridge
Ledge isa ridge.
Ledges allow visitors behind falls.
Ledges are an area that pose a rock fall hazard.
Ledges are hard to locate, but once they are found they are one heck of a spot to try and beat.
Ledges are icy as usual.
Ledges are natural things.
Ledges are part of cliffs.
Ledges are ridges.
Ledges can also solve an interesting problem faced by Web advertisers.
Ledges have (part) inclines.
Ledges have (part) slopes.
Ledges indicate a section of layered rock.
Ledges provide additional display space for the avid art collector's sculptures.
All ledges deflate below the surface of the shaft for quick and easy removal of the finished rolls.
All ledges have a rapid depth change.
Every ledge is crowded with mosses, broadleaf plants and colorful wildflowers.
A ledger line is a line
Ledger lines correspond with the main stave lines.
Ledger lines maintain the spacing of the staff lines and extend slightly beyond each note head.
A ledger is a record
Ledger believes the medical community has wrongly approached and treated the disease.
Ledger certainly looks the part of a knight in shining armor.
Ledger is a record that keeps accounting transactions by accounts.
Ledger is an appealing hero, and the movie is harmless enough.
Ledger is arranged by fund type and date.
Ledger is grayed out whenever there is only one ledger linked to a ledger group.
Ledger is honored by the association.
Ledger is killed instantly.
Ledger is, however, perfectly cast.
Ledger just shrugs.
Ledger lists grower's names, mark, gross, tar, neet.
Ledger lists names of patients, dates, brief descriptions of services rendered, and fees charged.
Ledger looks ambivalent.
Ledger looks surprised.
Ledger notices a disc in the press kit and asks what it is.
Ledger proves to be well-cast as a representative of the days of chivalry and swashbuckling.
Ledger returns to Hollywood at an unusually hectic time for Australian actors.
Ledger s appealing performance is another of the film s many treats.
Ledger says, grimacing.
Ledger shows school funds received, date, officer transmitting funds, and amounts received.
Ledger starts out a bully with a dangerous reputation, but suddenly breaks out into song.
Ledger stresses a different bottom line.
Ledger summarizes the most critical developments affecting bookkeeping.
Ledger tries to rise in society by taking up the sport.
Ledgers are books.
Ledgers are located in accounts.
Ledgers are located in desks.
Ledgers are records.
Ledgers are used for accounts.
Ledgers are used for listing items.
Ledgers are used for record sales.
Ledgers contain totals from all of the journals and are organized into different accounts.
Ledgers containing accounts payable and receivable information are also available.
Ledgers offers tips and advice about bookkeeping, taxation, legal issues, sales, and marketing.
Many ledgers contain indexes.
Ledum patients are full-blooded and plethoric, of a robust character.
Lee County boasts opportunities for hunters and fishermen.
Lee County continues to expand it's current reef locations.
Lee County disposes of the trash bags.
Lee County has a good population of rattlesnakes.
Lee County has a good team.
Lee County has a very strong educational system.
Lee County has an existing industrial park located in the Hickory Flats portion of the County.
Lee County has camping facilities galore.
Lee County has such a program in place.
Lee County hosts some of the finest schools in the area.
Lee County is a low tax county in a low tax state.
Lee County is also the largest cotton producing county in the state.
Lee County is home to one of the largest commercial shrimping fleets in the United States.
Lee County is located in Northwest Illinois.
Lee County is located in southeast Iowa on the Mississippi River and the Missouri border.
Lee County is no exception.
Lee County is South Carolina's largest cotton producing county.
Lee County is the state's fourth fastest-growing county.
Lee County is well represented in the parade today.
Lee County pays the set-up fee.
Lee County works to attract new business and industry to our community.
A lee is a side
Lee isa boundary.
Lees are a naturally occurring material from grape solids and tartrates suspended in the wine.
Lees are rivers.
Lees are sediments.
Lees are sides.
Lees are the grape skins and other grapes solids that remain after crushing.
Lees deze overeenkomst aandachtig door voordat u de software downloadt.
Lees does a simply brilliant job of laying out the facts.
Lees eventueel onze privacy-bepaling . .
Lees has something over the right edge of the list so that the beginnings of the names are obscured.
Lees has to go.
Lees hier over de vele stilgehouden misstanden.
Lees is off to the next problem, and more hands are up in the air.
Lees is the sediment remaining in a barrel or tank during and after fermentation.
Lees just do our job, take care of our own business.
Lees meer over deze actie op de productpagina .
Lees meer over onze projecten en creatieve therapie.
Lees refers to the sediment of wine.
Lees shed new light on other symptoms, too.
Lees stirring regularly provides a creamy smooth finish.
Some lees apply methods.
Some lees do jobs.
Some lees do terrible jobs.
Some lees draw attention.
Leech Lake forms the northeastern boundary.
Leech Lake is located in northcentral Minnesota.
Leech Lake is popular for most outdoor activities.
Leech lake offers some of the best and most consistent walleye fishing in Minnesota.
Leech Lake remains one of Minnesota's top fishing lakes.
Leech saliva contains substances.
Most leech saliva contains substances.
A leech is a segmented worm
Leech helps balance independence with social situations to prevent isolation and mental apathy.
Leech instills calmness with underlying activity still going on.
Leech isa worm.
Leech manages trust companies and banks and has particular expertise in investments and sales.
Leeches also appear to be a major source of adult mortality.
Leeches also appear to be sensitive to sounds.
Leeches also are a choice food, and it occasionally catches and eats duckling and small muskrats.
Leeches also bury themselves into the substrate to escape the ravages of winter.
Leeches also have the ability to dramatically vary their shape.
Leeches appear to be a major source of adult mortality.
Leeches are a great alternative to nightcrawlers.
Leeches are a kind of insects that feed on other insects i.e. they are all carnivores.
Leeches are a kind of worm, and there are hundreds of different species living all over the world.
Leeches are a top bait as well.
Leeches are able to swim freely through the water, the body performing vertical undulations.
Leeches are also popular in neuroscience and medicine.
Leeches are amphibious and like to crawl about.
Leeches are an outstanding rock bait because they can take the pounding.
Leeches are annelid worms that inhabit fresh water.
Leeches are applied to remove the excess blood.
Leeches are attracted to the exposed skin of warm-blooded animals.
Leeches are bilaterally symmetrical, with thick muscular bodies.
Leeches are blood-sucking animals that leave a circular wound after they have dropped off the fish.
Leeches are common in freshwater habitats, but only a few species are marine or terrestrial.
Leeches are common in New Zealand, especially in weedy streams.
Leeches are common in planted ponds and are less likely in non planted ponds.
Leeches are common in warm protected waters of lakes, ponds, streams, and marshes.
Leeches are crawlers are working well.
Leeches are easy to keep alive.
Leeches are either scavengers, predators, or parasites.
Leeches are external parasites.
Leeches are famous as blood-suckers.
Leeches are fascinating creatures and they attract the curious from all over the hospital.
Leeches are flat worms with segments.
Leeches are found all over the world, and there are hundreds of species.
Leeches are found in a wide variety of habitats.
Leeches are good in severe cases placed near the outer corner of the eye.
Leeches are hermaphrodites and therefore have both a male genital organ and a female genital organ.
Leeches are hermaphrodites which mean they have both male and female reproductive organs.
Leeches are hermaphroditic, but cross-fertilization is the practice.
Leeches are hermaphroditic, which means that a single individual produces both sperm and eggs.
Leeches are highly specialized annelids distinguished by a sucker at each end and no parapodia.
Leeches are important in the food web of a lake.
Leeches are incredible animals.
Leeches are invertebrates.
Leeches are of oligochaete ancestry.
Leeches are parasites, predators, and scavengers.
Leeches are parasites.
Leeches are parasitic segmented worms.
Leeches are rare.
Leeches are segmented worms that reside mostly in freshwater environments and are widespread.
Leeches are sensitive to substances such as chlorine, copper, and other chemicals.
Leeches are so different from humans biologically.
Leeches are the hardest bait to get to run behind a spinner without spinning.
Leeches are treated in the same way as blood products and are reused only on the same patient.
Leeches are types of worms.
Leeches are used for bloodletting in medicine.
Leeches are used in medicine today, but in limited, specific ways, including surgical procedures.
Leeches are usually aquatic, hermaph- rodite, and have a direct development.
Leeches are usually rare in calcium-poor waters.
Leeches are wonderful for tipping jigs.
Leeches are worms which live by sucking the blood of larger animals.
Leeches attach their cocoons to substrates such as rocks or plants.
Leeches become dormant and bury themselves in mud or plant debris.
Leeches belong to a group called Hirudinea.
Leeches breathe directly through the epidermis.
Leeches can cause direct wounds to fish and leave sites for secondary infections.
Leeches can display bright red, yellow, or orange spots or lines on their bodies.
Leeches can grow to be eight inches long.
Leeches can live for months on a blood meal so feeding is unnecessary.
Leeches can swim with dorsoventral undulations.
Leeches clean away the dead or infected tissue.
Leeches cover themselves completely in a cocoon they create just prior to laying eggs.
Leeches detect movement.
Leeches die after one or two bouts of reproduction.
Leeches die after reproducing once or, in some cases, twice.
Leeches die when covered in salt, or wrapped into a tightly coiled ball of tissues.
Leeches eat only once every month or so.
Leeches feed by piercing the skin of fish and sucking blood through their specialised mouthparts.
Leeches feed on blood and can also be bearers of blood parasites.
Leeches feed on blood.
Leeches feed on blood.
Leeches feed on the blood of vertebrates and invertebrates.
Leeches feed solely on the blood of hosts and suck blood to many fold increase their size.
Leeches find hosts.
Leeches generally use suckers at their front and rear ends to move like inchworms .
Leeches give many people the horrors.
Leeches go after fish, turtles, frogs, frog eggs, snails, worms, and other leeches.
Leeches grow for a season, and are ready to breed by the following spring to begin the cycle again.
Leeches have (part) brains.
Leeches have (part) cell membranes.
Leeches have (part) cells.
Leeches have (part) corpi.
Leeches have (part) cytoplasm.
Leeches have (part) ears.
Leeches have (part) faces.
Leeches have (part) heads.
Leeches have (part) nuclei.
Leeches have (part) plasma membranes.
Leeches have (part) sections.
Leeches have (part) skulls.
Leeches have (part) vacuoles.
Leeches have a fixed number of segments in their bodies.
Leeches have a natural presentation in action, scent, and taste.
Leeches have a simple nervous system with large, hardy neurons that are easy to study.
Leeches have antibacterial properties.
Leeches have brains.
Leeches have distinctive features.
Leeches have features.
Leeches have female organs.
Leeches have female sex organs.
Leeches have genital organs.
Leeches have huge appetite.
Leeches have jaws.
Leeches have lifespans.
Leeches have meals.
Leeches have muscular, stretchy bodies with a sucker at each end.
Leeches have organs.
Leeches have properties.
Leeches have sex organs.
Leeches have simple eyes which detect light and dark, rough shapes and motion.
Leeches have suckers on both ends of their body.
Leeches have surfaces.
Leeches inhabit lakes, ponds, marshes and slow moving streams, throughout most of North America.
Leeches lack setae.
Leeches lay eggs in cocoons, and the babies that hatch out look and behave like little adults.
Leeches leave their mark.
Leeches live in fresh water, and in tropical countries infest damp forests.
Leeches live in fresh water.
Leeches live in moist undergrowth and grasses as well as freshwater areas.
Leeches live in water.
Leeches look a lot like worms with suckers on each end.
Leeches love 'em.
Leeches mainly feed on the blood of mammals and can survive for long periods without eating.
Leeches make cocoons in which to deposit their eggs.
Leeches need water.
Leeches occur primarily in fresh water and on land.
Leeches prefer shallow water and waders are more likely to become infested than swimmers.
Leeches prefer water that is eutrophic, meaning it is high in nutrients.
Leeches puncture skin.
Leeches rely on blood.
Leeches retreat very quickly before a pinch of table salt.
Leeches seem to do best when they are covered with just enough fresh water to cover their backs.
Leeches stretch out their bodies, extending their anterior ends forward.
Leeches suck blood.
Leeches swim gracefully by undulating the body.
Leeches swim through water.
Leeches typically suck until they fall off by themselves.
Leeches use the larger disk on the tail only for clinging to objects.
Leeches vary also in their prey and what they do when they find it.
Leechs are animals.
Leechs are annelids.
Leechs are followers.
Leeches often have an eversible proboscis, or a muscular pharynx with two or three teeth.
Leeches usually avoid light by hiding under rocks or among aquatic vegetation or detritus.
Leeches usually have a flattened body with a reduced coelom and segmentation.
Leeches usually have three jaws and make a Y-shaped incision.
Leeches usually inhabit marshes, rivers and ponds.
All leeches are contortionists.
All leeches are ectoparasitic and feed on the blood of either invertebrates or vertebrates.
All leeches are 'hermaphrodites' like earthworms.
All leeches are hermaphrodites, meaning each one has both male and female reproductive organs.
All leeches are hermaphroditic and fertilization is internal.
All leeches can crawl, and some are good swimmers.
All leeches live in water except a few which are found in moist soil in warm climates.
Many leeches suck blood.
Many leeches swim through the water with snakelike motions.
Most leeches are carnivores, dining upon carrion, snails, insect larvae and nymphs.
Most leeches are freshwater animals, but many terrestrial and marine species occur.
Most leeches are sanguivorous, that is they feed as blood sucking parasites on preferred hosts.
Most leeches detect movement.
Most leeches eat dead animals.
Most leeches feed on blood.
Most leeches find hosts.
Most leeches have antibacterial properties.
Most leeches have brains.
Most leeches have distinctive features.
Most leeches have features.
Most leeches have female organs.
Most leeches have female sex organs.
Most leeches have genital organs.
Most leeches have jaws.
Most leeches have lifespans.
Most leeches have meals.
Most leeches have organs.
Most leeches have properties.
Most leeches have sex organs.
Most leeches have surfaces.
Most leeches hide while resting, staying in thick plant growth or hiding in mud.
Most leeches live in fresh water.
Most leeches live in water.
Most leeches rely on blood.
Most leeches suck blood.
Some leeches are ovo viviparous.
Some leeches are predators or scavengers, feeding on worms, snails, and insect larvae.
Some leeches are viviparous.
Some leeches burrow into sediments.
Some leeches carry their eggs in a clear sack under their body.
Some leeches cause infection.
Some leeches complete their life cycle in a few months, but many can live for several years.
Some leeches contain beneficial enzymes.
Some leeches contain enzymes.
Some leeches eat organisms.
Some leeches eat other organisms.
Some leeches feed on earthworms.
Some leeches feed on fish.
Some leeches feed on frogs.
Some leeches feed on other vertebrates.
Some leeches feed on vertebrates.
Some leeches have adverse effects.
Some leeches have anterior suckers.
Some leeches have curves.
Some leeches have effects.
Some leeches have eyes.
Some leeches have ovaries.
Some leeches have patterns of bright colors like red and yellow.
Some leeches have proboscises.
Some leeches have prolong effects.
Some leeches have suckers.
Some leeches live for months.
Some leeches live in damp vegetation.
Some leeches live in sea.
Some leeches live in tropical vegetation.
Some leeches live in vegetation.
Some leeches perform functions.
Some leeches perform same functions.
Some leeches possess coeloms.
Some leeches reach maturity.
Some leeches reach sexual maturity.
Some leeches take blood meals.
Some leeches take meals.
Some leeches take up residences.
Some leeches then drop the eggs into the water.
Some leeches utilize bass.
Some leeches utilize smallmouth bass.
Leeched salt is worthless salt.
Leeds market has to be one of the best places to hang out.
Any Leeds resident can use the service.
Leeds variety has the largest white flower.
Leek flavor is mild and is used as a green onion since no bulbs are formed.
Leek moth causes damage to the leaves through larval feeding.
Leek orchids benefit from the occasional removal of competition through fire, grazing and slashing.
Leek roots grow near the base of plants.
A leek is a vegetable
Leek contains vitamin E and carotene, which are essential for healthy, supple and glowing skin.
Leek isa tracheophyte.
Leeks add a more complex, sophisticated flavour than onions.
Leeks also contain allicin, an organosulfur compound that produces sulfenic acid as it digests.
Leeks also grow in the winter, but much more slowly.
Leeks are a common garden vegetable.
Leeks are a good source of iron, vitamin C and folate.
Leeks are a good source of vitamins, minerals and fibre.
Leeks are a great source of vitamins that are essential for optimum health.
Leeks are also more successful in heavier soils than onions.
Leeks are another aromatic option, as are shallots.
Leeks are another food with similar effects.
Leeks are available year-round in most regions.
Leeks are available year-round with a peak season in late winter or early spring.
Leeks are biennial, but are grown as a short-lived annual in commercial cropping.
Leeks are biennials grown as annuals and they normally seeds in their second year.
Leeks are considered to be the sweetest and most mild members of the onion family.
Leeks are delicious but dirty.
Leeks are excellent in stews, soups, and with stir-fry vegetables.
Leeks are extremely cold-hardy.
Leeks are good for intercropping with other garden plants, especially early-maturing spring greens.
Leeks are good replacements for early potatoes, which can be lifted now.
Leeks are hardy, surviving winter and going to seed in the spring.
Leeks are heavy feeders.
Leeks are ideal in sauces, dressed vegetable dishes, soups, casseroles and stir-fries.
Leeks are longer, but with thinner shanks in summer.
Leeks are measured in cubic inches.
Leeks are moderately low in calories.
Leeks are native to eastern Mediterranean lands from Israel to India.
Leeks are palatable without blanching, but blanched shanks have better flavor.
Leeks are part of leeks.
Leeks are raised from seed.
Leeks are ready for harvest when they are an inch or more in diameter.
Leeks are subject to the same problems as are onions.
Leeks are susceptible to damage by the same pests and diseases as onions.
Leeks are then ready for use.
Leeks are vegetables.
Leeks are very close to onions.
Leeks are very good in soups, and there are many excellent recipes for chicken and leeks soup.
Leeks are worth trying, even on really infected ground.
Leeks benefit from onions and carrots.
Leeks can be quite sandy, so careful washing is important.
Leeks can remain in the ground through the winter until they are needed.
Leeks can remain in the soil until they are required for lifting.
Leeks can take a lot of nitrogen and seem to thrive on it.
Leeks come in various types of packaging.
Leeks consist of long green stalks with white bulbs on one end.
Leeks grow superbly in cool, rainy places.
Leeks have (part) cell membranes.
Leeks have (part) cells.
Leeks have (part) corpi.
Leeks have (part) cytoplasm.
Leeks have (part) nuclei.
Leeks have (part) plasma membranes.
Leeks have (part) sections.
Leeks have (part) vacuoles.
Leeks have a mild, onion-like taste.
Leeks have a milder flavor then onions, and are wonderful in soups.
Leeks have roots.
Leeks have shallow roots.
Leeks have smell.
Leeks help prevent cancer.
Leeks hold lots of dirt.
Leeks keep much better in the ground than they do in storage.
Leeks look like large green onions, and they have a more complex onion flavor.
Leeks prefer a cooler climate.
Leeks prefer loose, well-drained soil amended with compost.
Leeks require a long cool season for best results.
Leeks swell and late lettuces are crisp and sweet.
Leeks throw in their subtle touch to recipes without overshadowing fellow ingredients.
Most leeks have roots.
Most leeks have shallow roots.
Most leeks help prevent cancer.
Some leeks are rather sandy.
Some leeks grow in rich wood.
Some leeks grow in wood.
Some leeks help cancer.
Some leeks improve digestion.
Lee'Mon swan dives gracefully into the lava.
LEEP students enter the program in the summer.
Leepfrog layouts are fresh, creative, and easy on the eye.
Leeway is a discrepancy
Leeway is counteracted by the use of 'chine runners'.
Leeway is drifts.
More leeway is given for opening first class international mail.
More leeway is granted during winter due to special climatic conditions.
Most left displacements occur within one month after calving.
A left field is a position
Left field has a unique configuration, as it is asymmetrical.
Left field is a power position.
Left field is a very tough position to assess.
Left field is kind of different, especially the throwing.
Left field is the back-up.
Left field is up for grabs.
Left field looks great with the new flags flying.
Left fields are positions.
Left fields are tracts.
LEFT foot is now approx.
Lefthanded people are statistically more likely to be geniuses.
A leftism is ideology
Leftism is gigantic fraud waiting to be exposed.
Leftist activists are too often impatient in their quests for fundamental change.
Some leftist alternative is indispensable, and resistance is being prepared.
Leftist groups are under massive pressure from all sides.
Leftist groups tend to operate under several different names.
Leftist guerrillas call their child members ''little bees'' for their agility and power to sting.
Leftist ideology subordinates everything to the struggle for unlimited power.
Leftist liberals tolerate social diversity, but work for economic equality.
Leftist parties tend to tilt a tad more rightward over time.
Leftist romanticism is the notion that government can make reality conform to our visions.
A leftist is a socialist
Leftists are alive and well.
Leftists are also popular in the universities.
Leftists are altruists.
Leftists are always in the position of having to participate, if at all, as outsiders.
Leftists are among the first to speak of their rights.
Leftists are apoplectic in their attempts to explain the Albany acquittal by a biracial jury.
Leftists are ecstatic.
Leftists are more likely to ditch old institutions, conservatives to hang on no matter what.
Leftists are organizations.
Leftists are outraged.
Leftists are people.
Leftists become media darlings.
Leftists can incite all the hate crimes they want to.
Leftists claim that group antagonisms can be cured with togetherness, but that's utopian nonsense.
Leftists do what they always do.
Leftists everywhere aspire to bury their nation.
Leftists favor full employment.
Leftists head for similar fact-free zones outside of academia.
Leftists live by making other people die by Pavlovian conditioning.
Leftists never hesitate to use other people's tragedies for their own purposes.
Leftists point to examples where the United States has returned children to Syria, for example.
Leftists prefer to give society the credit or blame for an individual's ability or lack of it.
Leftists say that the only reason one person has more money than another does is because of Magic.
Leftists tend t o hate anything that has an image of being strong, good and successful.
Leftists tend to form political groups or parties.
Leftists tend to hate anything that has an image of being strong, good and successful.
Leftists tolerate social diversity, but work for economic equality.
Any leftover balance is removed from the job ticket.
Leftover batter is refrigerated for baking the next day.
Any leftover bread is delicious toasted for breakfast.
Leftover cake freezes well.
Leftover chicken makes great quesadillas.
Leftover chicken makes great sandwiches, too.
Leftover corn makes a great addition to cornbread, hush puppies, or green or pasta salads.
Leftover custard makes a great dip for fruit.
Leftover earth is shoved into hollows, burying streams under waste piles called valley fills.
Any leftover equity belongs to the homeowner or the heirs.
Leftover fish makes a nice snack.
Leftover food is located in containers.
Leftover food is only safe if there is still ice in the cooler.
Leftover food is only safe in a cooler if there is ice in it.
Leftover food is taken home to students' families.
Leftover foods are likely to have more bacteria than freshly prepared foods.
All leftover food is donated to local soup kitchens.
Leftover ham adds to scalloped potato casserole or potato salad.
Leftover ink is containerized and taken to recycling facilities.
Leftover licenses are available on a first-come basis, and can be used in the specified area.
Any leftover loss is carried over to be deducted next year.
Leftover material is woven into heirloom-quality rugs and also made into paper.
Leftover meat attracts rats.
Most leftover meat attracts rats.
Leftover meatballs can be stored in a freezer, they taste just as good reheated.
Leftover newsprint is sent to Southeast Newsprint for recycling.
Leftover onions are a problem in the refrigerator.
Leftover paint can become a household hazardous waste.
Leftover particles pass through filtration and burn in combustion.
Leftover patties freeze very well.
Leftover pie is dessert.
Leftover pizza stays crisper than in the microwave.
Leftover poison is a hazardous waste.
Leftover polenta works equally well.
Leftover pop can remain in the cooler.
Leftover pop is perfectly safe, probably because it's too acidic for any bacteria to survive.
Leftover pork is excellent for sandwiches.
LeftOver property is also something that the class uses for it's own use.
Leftover rice makes a great addition to burgers.
Leftover scones go stale quickly.
Any leftover scrap is used to heat the shop.
Any leftover seafood goes into mornay sauce for seafood crepes.
Many leftover seeds are viable for several years if stored in a dry, cool, dark place.
Leftover sherbet is an easy dessert.
Leftover sludge is taken to a hazardous waste contractor or approved incinerator.
Any leftover slurry goes into the simmering broth.
Leftover steak makes great sandwiches.
Any leftover time is devoted to illustration, DJing, web design and comic collecting.
A leftover is a rest
Leftovers also make good carry-out items.
Leftovers are a holiday bonus, because they make follow-up meals a snap.
Leftovers are also good microwaved for just a few seconds.
Leftovers are best reheated sliced thin and sauteed in melted butter.
Leftovers are delicious served cold as a luncheon item.
Leftovers are delicious tossed with mixed greens.
Leftovers are equally good, sometimes better.
Leftovers are even better.
Leftovers are excellent for ham sandwiches.
Leftovers are excellent sliced thinly on a sandwich.
Leftovers are fab for lunch the next day.
Leftovers are fabulous.
Leftovers are food.
Leftovers are good split and toasted in a sandwich toaster.
Leftovers are great for the next day's breakfast or lunch.
Leftovers are great in sandwiches or stir-fry dishes.
Leftovers are great in sandwiches, or blended with sour cream, mayonnaise and dill as a cracker dip.
Leftovers are great on a green salad or sandwich.
Leftovers are great on pasta.
Leftovers are great, though.
Leftovers are great, too.
Leftovers are just okay, as the crunchy bits get soggy.
Leftovers are located in containers.
Leftovers are located in freezers.
Leftovers are located in fridges.
Leftovers are located in refrigerators.
Leftovers are OK reheated next day, in toaster oven or microwave.
Leftovers are outstanding when mixed with egg for potato pancakes.
Leftovers are perfect for newlyweds with things other than cooking or eating out on their minds.
Leftovers are perfect for single portion garlic bread loaves.
Leftovers are perfect served over warmed, sliced baguettes with extra sauce.
Leftovers are rare.
Leftovers are remainders.
Leftovers are sublime fried in a little oil.
Leftovers are such humble things.
Leftovers are superb grilled, baked or fried.
Leftovers are the cornerstone of a yummy lunch.
Leftovers are very good on sandwiches made with firm white bread.
Leftovers are, of course, recycled.
Leftovers become a yummy treat when wrapped and cooked in fry bread.
Leftovers can also become associated with particular campus groups.
Leftovers can cause health and environmental hazards.
Leftovers can prove sickening or even deadly.
Leftovers create a financial burden for the bookstore and the university.
Leftovers decrease a store's profit.
Leftovers fall to the ground and create a sticky mess.
Leftovers freeze well.
Leftovers go home with the guests.
Leftovers heat well in the microwave.
Leftovers is half price.
Leftovers keep well for a few days.
Leftovers keep well in the refrigerator and can be sliced and toasted before serving again.
Leftovers keep well refrigerated, and can be sliced and fried for breakfast.
Leftovers make a filling lunch.
Leftovers make a great lunch snack too.
Leftovers make a great salad when tossed with mixed field greens.
Leftovers make an excellent sandwich filling.
Leftovers make an excellent sandwich.
Leftovers make excellent additions to quesadillas or fajitas.
Leftovers make great burritos.
Leftovers make great sandwiches.
Leftovers make great sliced chicken and sauerkraut sandwiches.
Leftovers make great snacks.
Leftovers microwave well.
Leftovers Refrigerate any leftovers promptly in shallow containers.
Leftovers reheat nicely in the microwave.
Leftovers reheat very well.
Leftovers reheat well in the microwave.
Leftovers seem to be a never ending thing around our house.
Leftovers serve with codfish cakes for a fancy brunch or breakfast treat.
Leftovers taste great with cabbage.
Leftovers taste just as good.
Leftovers tend to be forgotten on tables or counters while family and friends visit.
Leftovers warm up wonderfully in the toaster oven.
Leftovers Always wash hands with hot, soapy water before and after handling leftovers.
Leftovers sometimes make the best meals.
Leftovers usually end up in stews.
Any leftover rolled tortillas can go in another smaller pan.
Any leftovers add evenly.
Any leftovers are a great addition to omelettes or sandwiches.
Any leftovers are bread pudding fodder.
Any leftovers are great cold on sandwiches or with salads.
Any leftovers are great with a cup of coffee the next day.
Any leftovers are stored in body fat to fuel the body between meals.
Any leftovers can just go into the washing machine.
Any leftovers freezes great .
Any leftovers go to churches feeding the homeless.
Any leftovers make a first-rate bread pudding.
Any leftovers make excellent cream of asparagus soup.
Any leftovers make wonderful sandwiches.
Some leftovers are fair game for lunch.
A lefty is a person
Lefties are no longer second class citizens.
Lefties are out of luck.
Lefties are smart.
Lefties are wont to rewrite history in an effort to bury facts that refute their ideology.
Lefties can also do the one motion turn toward second.
Lefties generally have the right thumb on top.
Lefties have a hard time with a ball down and away.
Lefties mature late.
Lefties seem to have more discipline.
Lefties substitute right for left and starboard for port throughout.
Lefties tend to open their hips when going to first and close their hips when going home.
Lefties traditionally mature slower than righties and are always at a premium.
Lefties always get second chances.
Lefties sometimes wonder why life seems so awkward at times why they seem clumsy and accident-prone.
All lefties are, fundamentally, totalitarians who believe dissent is either wicked or diseased.
Many lefties find it easier to write backwards.
Leg activity needs to be observed simultaneously with arm position.
Leg amputation results in an extra leg growing out of the cranium to compensate.
Leg bands are used for easy long-distance identification.
Leg bandages require more attention.
Leg base is required when stacking in the field.
A leg bone is a long bone
Leg bones are part of endoskeletons.
Leg bones are similar in construction to arm bones, but are heavier and stronger.
Leg bones can become deformed, which can lead to mobility problems.
Most leg bones are part of endoskeletons.
Leg bottoms have fence-weave elastic giving a lacy appearance.
Leg casts are effective.
Leg circles are third.
Leg conformation is also important.
Leg contact can induce arm contact, and vice versa.
Leg cramps affect one third of women in the later half of pregnancy.
Leg cramps are a potential side-effect of raloxifene.
Leg cramps are common and the doctor often recommends calcium supplements.
Leg cramps are common during the second trimester.
Leg cramps become more frequent.
Leg cramps can bring even the best player to the ground in pain.
Leg cramps occur when an involuntary contraction of the calf muscle causes an uncontrollable spasm.
Leg current is determined by measuring the voltage drop along a short length of the leg itself.
Leg dancing can be detrimental to the development of individuals attempting to dance Tango.
A leg exercise is an exercise
Leg exercises are important to prevent pooling of blood in the legs.
Leg extensions strengthen the quadriceps.
Leg flexion is very important.
Leg fractures are particularly common due to the position of car bumpers at the moment of impact.
Leg geometry is very important but leg symmetry is more important.
Leg holes are double hemmed, double stitched and trimmed in assorted colors.
Leg injury prevents showing.
Leg irons are a relic from the slave trade.
Leg joints use nylon bushings to decrease friction.
Leg kits are available for any style mantelshelf to create a full surround.
Leg kittiwakes have expectancy.
Leg kittiwakes have life expectancy.
Leg kittiwakes inhabit regions.
Leg length adjust.
Leg length is actually the real culprit that make getting in and out of a kayak a challenge.
Leg length is from the original source, the book of Sutherland.
Leg length is one of the main variables, and so the pedal and seat positions are adjustable.
Leg length is the distance from the point where the upper leg bone joins the body to the ground.
Leg length varies among species although most have fairly long legs suited for wading.
Leg meat is a lean choice for stew or kabob cubes.
Leg meat is slightly firmer than body meat.
Leg members extend from at least two of the back members and at least one of the seat members.
Leg movements are likely to return if the patient stops taking the medication.
Leg movements are more varied, including pointing the toe, kicking backward, stamping and turning.
Leg muscle is thick and deep.
Leg oedema can be a sign of pre-eclampsia when associated with raised blood pressure or proteinuria.
Leg openings are large enough to prevent chafing.
Leg openings are small enough to prevent child from slipping out.
Leg openings are too big for baby.
Leg openings are trimmed with stretch, black lace.
Leg openings can ride up, straps can fall down, necklines can slide and so on.
Leg pain can be a symptom of peripheral vascular disease.
Leg pain can come from a bladder problem and arm pain from a heart problem.
Leg pain is too severe to endure.
Leg pain is very reliably relieved.
Leg presses are to be avoided at all times.
Leg rest is adjustable in both length and angle.
Leg section can slide complete under the main section.
Leg shackles secure inmates in pairs.
Leg speed is critical to a kicker of punter.
Leg straps adjust easily and feature quick-release buckles.
Leg straps ensure a better fit and look.
Leg strength is certainly an aspect of being able to kick the ball well.
Leg support minimizes torque on knees.
Leg training ranks low on the popularity scale - the fact is, it's very hard work.
Leg ulcers following skin infarcts are common and often complicated by trauma and poor hygiene.
Leg ulceration is a common health problem, which increases with age.
Leg ulceration is common.
Leg wallets are uncomfortable.
Leg weakness is a common trouble in chicks that are grown on dry board floors.
Leg weakness is present.
Leg workouts are important for quick starts and explosive push-offs after a turn.
Leg wraps are like ace bandages only better.
Leg zippers are standard for easy on and off accessibility.
A leg is a limb
Leg isa limb.
Legs ache over time.
Legs adjust to fit wide or contoured furniture arms or even wicker patio furniture.
Legs also make automatic creeping or swimming motions.
Legs alternate each lunging step with machine-like continuity, rotating like a windmill.
Legs appear relatively thick when perched.
Legs approximately shoulder width apart.
Legs are a reddish colour and the eyes appear black .
Legs are adjustable for height.
Legs are adjustable, permanent center support, can be tilted, and carries a lifetime warranty.
Legs are adjustable.
Legs are almost straight and feet are together.
Legs are also a whitish color.
Legs are also feathered, claws are dark horn with blackish tips.
Legs are also yellow banded.
Legs are an important part for leverage.
Legs are appendages.
Legs are astride.
Legs are available in customer specified heights.
Legs are bent and back is straight.
Legs are bent and prepared to straighten while guiding the individual up out of the chair.
Legs are bent at the knees.
Legs are black with pale bluish sections.
Legs are black.
Legs are blue-gray and toes are webbed.
Legs are bolt together to reduce size for shipping.
Legs are bright yellow-green.
Legs are capped in brass ferrules.
Legs are clean and well proportioned and the cannon bone girth is larger than that of other horses.
Legs are clean-cut with tendons well defined.
Legs are cuts.
Legs are dark pink.
Legs are dark red or purple when dangling.
Legs are dark with reflective bronze to metallic blue-green scales.
Legs are darker than the body, with a white ring above the hoofs.
Legs are darker than the body.
Legs are delicate.
Legs are detachable for easy storing.
Legs are distance.
Legs are done little bit different.
Legs are double strip, solid bar, double braced.
Legs are double-strength glued and veneered stock.
Legs are eight feet wide by twenty four feet tall.
Legs are extended forwards, sometimes out of reach of the regular controls on cruiser pegs.
Legs are extraordinarily long.
Legs are extremely long and slender.
Legs are fine-boned and nicely feathered.
Legs are firm.
Legs are flesh color.
Legs are french cut.
Legs are fully-feathered.
Legs are functional for sense as well as movement, and contain sensory cells to locate host plants.
Legs are green with black joints.
Legs are green with the joints and ends black.
Legs are greenish-yellow.
Legs are grey.
Legs are grey-blue and the bill is black.
Legs are heavy aluminum and can be purchased separately if desired.
Legs are high on the list of attributes that men consider when seeking a mate.
Legs are higher on a good seasonal demand.
Legs are in a chrome finish.
Legs are in front, knees straight with toes pointing up.
Legs are individually adjustable to three positions for adaptability to uneven terrain.
Legs are just wonderful things.
Legs are light, knees slightly bent and body balanced.
Legs are limbs.
Legs are located in bodies.
Legs are located in chairs.
Legs are located in desks.
Legs are located in pairs.
Legs are located in tables.
Legs are long and end in two claws.
Legs are long and narrow and the median false hooves are long.
Legs are long and slender.
Legs are long and stout.
Legs are long and very sparsely feathered.
Legs are long enough to allow the dog to move quickly and with agility in rough terrain.
Legs are long in proportion to body.
Legs are long with firm, fine bones and straight vertical forelegs.
Legs are long with small oval paws and the tail is fairly long and tapering.
Legs are long, fine-boned, and slender, with small paws.
Legs are long, slender and flattened.
Legs are long.
Legs are longer and stronger than arms, and with practice, can be as fast or faster than the arms.
Legs are medium boned, straight and well muscled.
Legs are medium in length and proportion to the body, set straight when viewed from front or rear.
Legs are medium in length with good bone.
Legs are medium in length, with large, round tufted feet.
Legs are mid-length with side slits.
Legs are mid-thigh in length.
Legs are miterefold construction with black vinyl and legboots for easy and accurate leveling.
Legs are more involved than arms.
Legs are mostly black, with red or yellow portions near the body.
Legs are much longer than standard light stands with wider leg spread.
Legs are nickel plated steel tubing.
Legs are now at their proper location, proportional to the embryo.
Legs are obvious.
Legs are of medium bone, straight, with no bow or curve in the forearm or wrist.
Legs are of medium length, white and covered with slightly brown scales.
Legs are of natural birch.
Legs are often short or long with wings developed, reduced or lacking.
Legs are on casters.
Legs are orange in colour.
Legs are orange-red.
Legs are pale red and body red to purplish in color.
Legs are parallel to each other.
Legs are parallel to the floor, arms are perpendicular to the legs.
Legs are parallel.
Legs are part of bodies.
Legs are part of chairs.
Legs are part of cots.
Legs are part of dogs.
Legs are part of grand pianos.
Legs are part of hospital beds.
Legs are part of spiders.
Legs are part of tables.
Legs are part of tripods.
Legs are pink .
Legs are pink and eyes yellow.
Legs are pink.
Legs are pinkish brown with darker feet.
Legs are pinkish-red.
Legs are powerful and muscular with sturdy, oval paws.
Legs are present and four-jointed.
Legs are present.
Legs are quite useless in free fall.
Legs are reddish in color.
Legs are reddish to reddish-yellow.
Legs are relatively long with the front pair enlarged slightly to capture prey.
Legs are relatively long, prominent and robust.
Legs are relatively straight with short connon bones and medium pasterns.
Legs are removable for easy, compact storage.
Legs are removeable for storage.
Legs are round, with especially strong and heavy bones.
Legs are short and movement is slow, with movement of legs appearing wave-like.
Legs are short and slender.
Legs are short and somewhat slender, being set wide apart.
Legs are short but powerful, with a lot of bone.
Legs are short, more like a brief.
Legs are short, stunted.
Legs are shorter than the body, and robust.
Legs are stiff in the morning.
Legs are straight and loose.
Legs are straight and neck is relaxed.
Legs are straight down to the pasterns.
Legs are straight once again, often fluted to resemble columns.
Legs are straight, strong and parallel to each other with bone oval rather than round.
Legs are straight.
Legs are strong and have several coarse spines.
Legs are strong and straight with good bone.
Legs are strong and straight, with compact feet and moderate angulation at elbows and hocks.
Legs are stronger than arms, but that's no excuse.
Legs are support.
Legs are synapomorphic in tetrapods, and plesiomorphic in amniotes.
Legs are tan.
Legs are the foundation of a strong body.
Legs are the most common sites of melanomas in females .
Legs are the usual part of the anatomy to be subjected to the process.
Legs are thick and dense and medium in length.
Legs are thick boned.
Legs are thin and easily fractured.
Legs are tight.
Legs are tired, vision is impaired and judgment can be poor.
Legs are together and straight at the knees.
Legs are too small to support body weight on land.
Legs are too weak.
Legs are tough.
Legs are unfeathered, and the eyes are bright yellow.
Legs are unhemmed which makes it easy to cut to the length needed.
Legs are used for animal bites.
Legs are used for holds.
Legs are used for humpings.
Legs are used for motility.
Legs are used for running.
Legs are used for runs.
Legs are used for stability.
Legs are used for stands.
Legs are used for walking.
Legs are very important.
Legs are very long and dark.
Legs are weapons to defend their territory from other rabbits or to defend their ears from fleas.
Legs are well developed for jumping.
Legs are well developed, antennae three-segmented.
Legs are well muscled, straight and parallel in view from behind.
Legs are well muscled.
Legs are what give a person an active, independent lifestyle.
Legs are white with specific breed markings on the knee, hocks and pasterns.
Legs are white, with some red places between toes.
Legs are wide cut for ease in doing strenuous work.
Legs are yellow brown and the claws horn-coloured.
Legs are yellow to pale brown.
Legs are yellow with very long toes.
Legs are yellow, except for the mid and hind femora which are brown.
Legs are yellowish.
Legs are yellowish-orange.
Legs are yelloworange and long.
Legs are zinc-plated steel.
Legs are zinc-plated.
Legs automatically fold and unfold.
Legs become scaly, swollen, and exude lymph fluid.
Legs become stronger and longer while arms become shorter and weaker.
Legs begin to form.
Legs begin together.
Legs Build up the legs and cross braces.
Legs can be bent into any position.
Legs can either be inside or outside the sling, depending on the babies' sizes.
Legs cleave the air.
Legs Click on the title for a full description.
Legs cold up to the knees.
Legs come down correctly but scapula is short and straight and forechest is too shallow.
Legs come extra long for under tuck wear.
Legs come straight forward in ground-covering strides, giving good propulsion.
Legs contain bones.
Legs contain more fat than breast meat which makes the meat more tender if slow-cooked.
Legs converge to single track at speed.
Legs define the Tetrapod clade.
Legs do a galloping motion when ridden.
Legs do feel work.
Legs drop properly to ground.
Legs dull yellow.
Legs easily break off.
Legs expand to fasten components securely.
Legs expand to securely fasten components.
Legs extend forcefully.
Legs extend to a wide, secure stance for great stability on hills and in the wind.
Legs feature a one-inch cuff.
Legs feature angular tubing with glide arms that have a wide stance for strength and stability.
Legs feature frame stops.
Legs feature full panel support for maximum stability, and adjustable leg levelers.
Legs feel better.
Legs feel good.
Legs feel great.
Legs feel heavy and weary.
Legs feel heavy.
Legs feel weak and rubbery.
Legs filled out, joints are smooth and cool to the touch.
Legs Find exercises to strengthen one of the most essential muscles in the body.
Legs flare slightly.
Legs fly, but arms too are often loose and vividly expressive.
Legs fold down when standing at lectern or collapse for a lower height when sitting.
Legs fold flat for convenient storage.
Legs fold flat for easy carrying.
Legs fold flat for easy transport and storage.
Legs fold flat for storage and transportation.
Legs fold for easy transport and storage.
Legs fold out for stability.
Legs fold together for compact storage and transport.
Legs fold up for easy movement.
Legs fold up.
Legs go on narrower end.
Legs grow rapidly during the first six weeks, followed by more rapid development of the wings.
Legs have (part) ankles.
Legs have (part) bone cells.
Legs have (part) calf bones.
Legs have (part) corpi.
Legs have (part) feet.
Legs have (part) ground substances.
Legs have (part) hip joints.
Legs have (part) hip sockets.
Legs have (part) knees.
Legs have (part) lobes.
Legs have (part) marrow.
Legs have (part) mast cells.
Legs have (part) nerve fiber.
Legs have (part) nerve fibre.
Legs have (part) quads.
Legs have (part) radicles.
Legs have (part) shinbones.
Legs have (part) shins.
Legs have (part) soles.
Legs have (part) synapse.
Legs have (part) thighs.
Legs have (part) vena genus.
Legs have a complex design of solids and voids in marquetry using abstract geometric designs.
Legs have a large bone diameter, with clean joints and medium feathering around the fetlocks.
Legs have bones.
Legs have claws that are adapted for clinging to hair or clothing.
Legs have features.
Legs have foots.
LEGs have high radio core powers.
Legs have joints.
Legs have leg bones.
Legs have moderate feathering with waves or curls to harmonize with coat of dog.
Legs have muscles.
Legs have round shapes.
Legs have rubber feet for stability and soft support.
Legs have shapes.
Legs have soft rubber feet for protection.
Legs have strong tendons.
Legs have strong, effective locks to prevent folding while in use.
Legs have sudden movement at night while sleeping.
Legs have tendons.
Legs Have the children practice their flutter kick on the edge of the pool.
Legs have the most juice.
Legs have to follow the aggressor .
Legs have veins.
Legs help coyotes.
Legs help grasshoppers.
Legs help prevent scorching hearth.
Legs hold a torso away from the earth.
Legs insert far behind middle of body.
Legs intertwine, capturing and releasing each partner in an interplay of tension and surrender.
Legs itch in the tall, wet grass.
Legs keep trudging vacuous inertia dragging at the drained muscles.
Legs lack any markings below the knees and hocks.
Legs lock automatically.
Legs lock in place for storage or simply stack sawhorses.
Legs lock into place for superior stability, fold for easy storage.
Legs lock into position when unloading cart from vehicle.
Legs lock securely in either folded or deployed position.
Legs lock securely.
Legs may have few spots.
Legs may have spots.
Legs miss legs loli legs penetration bound.
Legs move alternately in a rotary motion.
Legs move at angle to tilt.
Legs move automatically during folding into half-open playback position, or fully closed position.
Legs move by waves of body contractions.
Legs move from positions.
Legs move only as fast as the arms swing.
Legs outstretched, it lands heavily on dense foliage.
Legs perform different functions.
Legs perform functions.
Legs pivot in for compact storage.
Legs protect the groin.
Legs provide balance or minimal propulsion.
Legs provide most of the power of the rowing stroke.
Legs quit working.
Legs remain flexed when lying on stomach.
Legs represent the first and most continual contact with outer reality.
Legs retain a yellowish-orange coloration.
Legs retract into the body of the tripod for maximum compactness.
Legs scissor in the air and slide over the opponent's bending back with musicality and precision.
Legs seem to be moving okay.
Legs seem too long for the body.
Legs serve functions.
Legs shake and toes tap in rhythm to the catchy rock beat.
Legs show similarity.
Legs slide in for easy assembly.
Legs slightly spread.
Legs snap into position for extra stability.
Legs spread widely.
Legs spring apart slightly and can be sanded down to fit slightly larger width.
Legs start to wobble.
Legs still bend.
Legs store easily in the hide-away storage compartment.
Legs straight Keep the legs straight and push the buttocks up to the ceiling.
Legs support the body more effectively.
Legs twisting, the ball speeds through the humid air.
Legs typically last eight weeks with most of the time spent drilling with short moves between sites.
Legs unlock and fold for storage.
Legs vary from pale yellow to brownish yellow or brown on one side and pale yellow on the other.
Legs vary in size and difficulty allowing all types of runners to participate.
Legs vary in size, with the front legs the longest and held forward when at rest.
Legs weld to channels under bowls for maximum weight support and stability.
Legs well covered with hair are an evidence of strength.
Legs work independently.
All legs are in right position and show quality.
All legs attach to the top of the coaming.
All legs go to harvest soon.
All legs have a double knob height adjustment feature which is recommended for added strength.
All legs have sharp claws.
All legs whitefur .
Every leg is custom-made, designed precisely for a person's height and weight.
Many legs attached to a face indicate swimming.
More legs arrive.
More legs develop as they go through six instars or stages.
Most legs bear a claw or claws at the end of the tarsus.
Most legs contain bones.
Most legs have bones.
Most legs have cirrus and precipitation.
Most legs have features.
Most legs have joints.
Most legs have leg bones.
Most legs have muscles.
Most legs have round shapes.
Most legs have shapes.
Most legs have strong tendons.
Most legs have tendons.
Most legs help coyotes.
Most legs help grasshoppers.
Most legs move from positions.
Most legs perform different functions.
Most legs perform functions.
Most legs serve functions.
Most legs show similarity.
Some leg resist obviously, still a storm between one holiday situated.
Some legs adapt for carry pollen.
Some legs adapt for pollen.
Some legs are hollow, some are solid.
Some legs are interchangeable.
Some legs deliver venom.
Some legs have ability.
Some legs have bands.
Some legs have broad hoofs.
Some legs have energy.
Some legs have fringes.
Some legs have hoofs.
Some legs have horizontal stripes.
Some legs have patterns.
Some legs have poison.
Some legs have potential energy.
Some legs have sharp spines.
Some legs have skin.
Some legs have spines.
Some legs have stripes.
Some legs have toes.
Some legs have white stripes.
Some legs help animals.
Some legs help camels.
Some legs help caterpillars.
Some legs help crocodiles.
Some legs help frogs.
Some legs help porcupines.
Some legs help reptiles.
Some legs look like kangaroos.
Some legs move in events.
Some legs move in waves.
Some legs point toward centers.
Legacy applications can be hard to modify and customize.
Legacy applications can coexist with the WebTS environment without change.
Legacy applications come with a variety of mechanisms for tapping into their data.
Legacy applications don t have to be rewritten to fit the new wireless standards.
Legacy applications have to be integrated and made accessible for electronic business.
Many legacy applications require users to step through several screens to complete one function.
Legacy code needs to be maintained and updated.
Legacy codes can run on blackforest with only minor adaptations and tuning.
Legacy mode is the term used to describe the non-express mode of operation.
Legacy of Leadership is just the most recently installed outdoor sculpture.
Legacy software incorporates speech without have to change any of the code.
Legacy software needs to be integrated with and accesible through any new infrastructure developed.
All legacy software uses extended memory.
Legacy systems account for the vast majority of target systems currently under investigation.
Legacy systems are a major concern.
Legacy systems are expensive to support and enhance.
Legacy systems are in place, and no one can talk to anyone else.
Legacy systems are simultaneously business assets and business liabilities.
Legacy systems are still widely used in both the private and public sectors.
Legacy systems are the only barrier to online booking.
Legacy systems are well tested and tuned, and encapsulate considerable business expertise.
Legacy systems contain valuable data needed by new applications.
Legacy systems exhibit six undesirable anti-patterns.
Legacy systems have a hard time adapting to that.
Legacy systems live forever.
Legacy systems perform business-critical functions and can be integrated with newer systems.
Legacy systems represent major investments in money, time, and expertise.
Legacy systems serve a vital role in the landscape of advertising commerce.
Legacy systems touch every dollar of advertising expenditures that changes hands industrywide.
Most legacy systems segregate voice, data, and video conferencing capabilities.
Some legacy systems rely on the length of the text to be constant.
A legacy is a gift
A legacy is heritage
Legacies are a form of inheritance in that they are personal and singular.
Legacies are all pd.
Legacies are another matter.
Legacies are another vital source of income.
Legacies are detailed in the core rules.
Legacies are often deceptive.
Legacies are ways of giving things of lasting value back to our communities and our province.
Legacies come in many forms.
Legacies seeking to justify privilege, each needs to be seen as a man.
Legacy allows the user to pick data from both lists, then do the merge.
Legacy also allows schools to learn how the development of landscapes can be put to educational use.
Legacy also employs the best technical support staff in the business.
Legacy also helps international staff members obtain their visas.
Legacy also looks at all surrounding links when deciding to merge.
Legacy also provides an excellent search engine.
Legacy are long lasting.
Legacy brings many powerful tools to the genealogist.
Legacy can accommodate special dietary restrictions.
Legacy can display a slide show of an individual's pictures, completely narrated with sound files.
Legacy can mean complexity.
Legacy can write.
Legacy checks each name to see if it is being used.
Legacy conducts strictly confidential scholarship evaluations.
Legacy consistently receives high scores in pay and benefits.
Legacy covers the design spectrum from solid color cut piles to textured loop piles and patterns.
Legacy does have some nice features, like how it handles a nickname and others.
Legacy features combined with advanced technology.
Legacy goes a step further providing for the storage of pictures with sound files attached.
Legacy has a typical panning interface.
Legacy has excellent conformation - Sound and has no vices.
Legacy has many exciting job opportunities in both clinical and nonclinical settings.
Legacy has many exciting job opportunities in both clinical and non-clinical settings.
Legacy has no HTML output or other way to create Web pages.
Legacy has no influence or connections in granting such requests.
Legacy has one screen that shows all appointments.
Legacy helps lead worship in eight to ten churches each school year.
Legacy includes an engine for each supported reader.
Legacy includes hundreds of online help topics.
Legacy interfaces to handle specialized software.
Legacy is a different kind of brother.
Legacy is a genealogy software program to store family history data.
Legacy is a good example of why tribute albums are a bad idea.
Legacy is a journal about American women writers.
Legacy is a prototype product in concept, content and search capability.
Legacy is a quest novel of sorts.
Legacy is a similar concept as inheritance and heritage.
Legacy is a slippery word, and few presidents have left lasting footprints.
Legacy is a solid program offering intuitive yet advanced functions for genealogy buffs.
Legacy is about our future.
Legacy is an expert at the merge process.
Legacy is an older version of our graphical barcode development suite.
Legacy is both prospective and retrospective.
Legacy is in the eyes of the beholder.
Legacy is involved with writing, seminars, and classes.
Legacy is one such game.
Legacy is probably the main culprit.
Legacy is representative of some of the very finest blood the breed has to offer.
Legacy is the most comprehensive and best know caregiver resource in Oregon.
Legacy is the only company in the field to permit networkers to profit from revolutionary products.
Legacy is the state's comprehensive historic preservation plan.
Legacy is very user friendly, entering personal details is simple and clear.
Legacy is well suited for desk tops, wall panels and general upholstery use.
Legacy makes good use of Windows capability.
Legacy now analyzes the import file to make sure it is valid.
Legacy now has a multi-disciplinary task force with a strong environmental business philosophy.
Legacy offers a variety of products and services.
Legacy offers extensive multimedia support including pictures, sound clips, and videos.
Legacy overpowers the competition with an unbeatable feature list.
Legacy overpowers the competition with an unbeatable features list.
Legacy processes insurance claims and annuities.
Legacy promotes philanthropy among women and demonstrates the growing power of lesbian giving.
Legacy provides a source assistant to aid the user here in order to insure consistency.
Legacy provides an outstanding selection of reports.
Legacy provides great flexibility in linking.
Legacy provides individualized orientation and training tailored to specific assignments.
Legacy recognizes all major forms of genealogy files.
Legacy remembers the size and location of the window from session to session.
Legacy seems to be a better choice for lash-ups pulling heavy trains on grades.
Legacy serves a delicious vegetarian diet.
Legacy still offers a potent dose of fascinating ideas and strange thrills.
Legacy supports loading and playing video files with a .AVI extension.
Legacy then calculates the relationship of all blood relatives to the source person.
Legacy then goes through the list, combines the duplicates and moves the links.
Legacy therefore militates against such an idea.
Legacy uses consistent, logical formatting rules when it comes to dates.
Legacy writes that memory is crucial.
All legacies have to end at some point.
Some legacies are more intimate such as bringing a family or a community together .
Legal abbreviations is listed here .
Many legal abbreviations are searchable as titles.
Legal abortion is one of the safest of all medical procedures.
Legal abortion requires an ignorant, selfish public.
Legal abortions are both safe and effective.
Legal abortions are safe abortions .
Legal abortions protect women's health.
Legal absences mean proper documentation from the hospital, court house, etc.
Legal acts are unlimited.
Some legal acts are available in English.
A legal action is a due process
Legal action can help interpret or enforce retirement health care promises.
Legal action can provide vindication but is never an exchange for good eyesight.
Legal action continues against several other major oil companies.
Legal action is also a possibility for both owned and leased property.
Legal action is always a possibility.
Legal action is anticipated.
Legal action is considered only after all other alternatives have been explored.
Legal action is costly and time consuming.
Legal action is filed as a last resort to force correction of the problem.
Legal action is in the works.
Legal action is now pending and the site owner can expect a damn good buggering.
Legal action is one avenue.
Legal action is one way of intervening to stop the violence.
Legal action is part of the campaign.
Legal action is pending.
Legal action is possible in cases of fraudulent claims.
Legal action is possible on that front as well.
Legal action is rare.
Legal action is required in order to secure guardianship in all instances.
Legal action is taken if necessary to protect nature's rights.
Legal action is taken, when necessary, to gain compliance.
Legal action is the best way to deter future mischief.
Legal action is to follow.
Legal action is underway in a range of states as nearby as Indiana.
Legal action is unnecessary.
Legal action looms from a few soured sales.
Legal action takes a lot longer for an outcome to be achieved and in most cases is fairly costly.
Legal action takes time and effort.
Legal actions are often slow, protracted affairs, appearing to move no faster than a glacier.
Legal actions are proceeding.
Legal actions are sometimes the only way they ll listen to reason.
Legal actions are under way to recover the losses.
Legal actions are underway.
Legal actions can result in civil or criminal penalties, including seizure of the product.
Legal actions represent total helplessness of the society.
Legal actions resulting from contracting and purchasing error can be costly to the state.
Legal actions taken toward taxpayers, if in error, can result in civil suits against the agency.
Any legal action begins with a set of facts, things that have actually happened.
Any legal action comes within the jurisdiction of the courts of Paris.
Any legal action seems to have been postponed and consultants study the effects of the discharges.
Legal activists point out that credit repair organizations are generally to be avoided.
All legal ads are welcome, commercial and private.
Legal adoption is permanent.
Legal advertising is accepted for publication in the office by mail, fax or E-mail.
Legal advertising is available.
Legal advice is a very individualized thing.
Legal advice is advisable to determine whether the requisite qualifying relationship exists.
Legal advice is advised.
Legal advice is almost certainly sensible.
Legal advice is also available.
Legal advice is also very important.
Legal advice is always difficult to offer and interpret.
Legal advice is available from supporting judge advocates.
Legal advice is available weekly by appointment.
Legal advice is dependent upon the specific circumstances of each situation.
Legal advice is expensive.
Legal advice is given by a lawyer with an academic background.
Legal advice is important as well.
Legal advice is important in either situation.
Legal advice is invaluable along the road to running a successful business.
Legal advice is just a phone call away.
Legal advice is like anything else in life.
Legal advice is often difficult to obtain.
Legal advice is provided by volunteers at free advice sessions.
Legal advice is provided, in all aspects of building, construction and engineering.
Legal advice is provided.
Legal advice is recommended for preparation of registration documents.
Legal advice is recommended.
Legal advice is rendered only by consulting with an attorney.
Legal advice is very clear.
Legal advice is what lawyers sell.
Legal advice obtained in advance is much cheaper than a lawsuit resulting from a contract dispute.
Legal advice requires an understanding of a client's particular situation.
All legal advice needs to be confirmed in writing in order to become binding.
Some legal advice is also necessary alongside mediation.
Most legal advisers charge clients based on the hours they put into a file.
Legal advocacy is often misunderstood by institutions and individuals alike .
Legal advocacy is what lawyers are paid to do, and legislative advocacy is designed to change laws.
Legal affairs require attention.
A legal age is an age
Legal age is a variable concept.
Legal age is determined under state law.
Legal age is set by state law.
Legal age limits Six provinces have increased the legal age for purchasing tobacco products to.
Legal agreement governs use.
Legal agreement holds up in court.
Legal aid costs less than a private attorney's services.
Legal aid is available for a trial where a previous jury has been unable to reach a verdict.
Legal aid is available for eligible candidates.
Legal aid is available for most situations including, small claims, divorce traffic and bankruptcy.
Legal aid is available in Canada.
Legal aid is available in some cases.
Legal aid is available.
Legal aid is essential to maintain the rule of law - one of the cornerstones of democracy.
Legal aid is every civilian's right.
Legal aid is free to people with little income and few resources.
Legal aid is important to Indigenous communities.
Legal aid is no longer available for personal injury claims.
Legal aid is one of the means by which society ensures access to justice through the courts.
Legal aid is only available for victims of domestic violence.
Legal aid is pathetic.
Legal aid is provided for certain scheduled offences such as homicide and rape.
Legal aid is unavailable for defamation.
Legal aid is usually free to people with little income or money.
Legal aid is very fast.
Legal aid is widely available in Northern Ireland.
Legal aid provides access to legal advice and representation to low income individuals.
Most legal aid includes the liability to the statutory charge.
Legal aliens are subject to limitations as well.
Legal aliens can change their names in federal court when they become United States citizens.
Legal alternatives are usually available that negate the use of the defense.
Legal analysis is a skill.
Legal analysis is very orderly.
Legal analysis requires reference to and mastery of the primary documents.
All legal analysis requires a basic legal repertoire.
Legal analysts mingle on the muddy lawn and offer live, on-camera assessments to whoever asks.
Legal analysts say the tenor of the justice's questions indicates that court is divided.
Legal analysts say they expect to see more criminal cases involving online harassment and stalking.
Legal annals abound with such cases.
Legal areas covered include family law, wills and trusts, credit collections and real estate.
Legal arguments are logical, much like a thriller.
Legal arguments are to be supported with the relevant case law and proper legal citations.
Legal arguments belong to law, gracious acceptance belongs to grace.
Legal arguments can address the salient points of an issue with a persuasive economy of words.
All legal arrangements are serious decisions.
Legal aspects are e.g. right of way, drive-ways, powerlines, etc.
Legal aspects are yet to be completely clarified.
Legal Aspects Be familiar with the licenses required, zoning laws, and other regulations.
Legal aspects figure prominently.
Legal aspects resulting from industrial neglect, willful acts, accidents an catastrophes.
Legal assistance is a luxury that can only be enjoyed by the rich.
Legal assistance is advisable here.
Legal assistance is advised before choosing which remedy to use to recover the loss sustained.
Legal assistance is affordable, with many issues from estate planning to business law.
Legal assistance is also available.
Legal assistance is always necessary before executing an escrow agreement.
Legal assistance is available for indigent defendants.
Legal assistance is available in most provinces, however.
Legal assistance is concentrated in family law, landlord-tenant, and public assistance matters.
Legal assistance is given free of charge in cases provided for by law.
Legal assistance is handled on a walk-in or appointment basis.
Legal assistance is often essential to ensuring fairness in immigration proceedings.
Legal assistance is provided at the CELS office.
Legal assistance is provided through an initial consultation with an attorney at no charge.
Legal assistance is required to set up.
Legal assistance offers prepaid peace of mind.
A legal assistant is a paraprofessional
Legal assistants are a key part of the team structure.
Legal assistants are a very cost effective method of providing legal services to Pima County.
Legal assistants are highly qualified and experienced members of our litigation team.
Legal assistants are knowledgeable of law office functions, policies, and procedures.
Legal assistants are more likely to be employed by large firms than small firms.
Legal assistants are qualified through education, training or work experience.
Legal assistants can expect to work in a variety of settings.
Legal assistants can help by calling the attorney back and trying to make a match.
Legal assistants have the opportunity to attend a local continuing education seminar each year.
Legal assistants play an invaluable role in meeting our clients' needs.
Legal assistants receive a review after each six month period during the first year of employment.
Legal assistants specialize in preparing cases for court under the supervision of an attorney.
Legal assistants use technology.
Legal assistants work in law firms, corporations, or government agencies.
Legal assistants work under the supervision of an attorney who is responsible for their work.
Legal assistants work under the supervision of licensed attorneys.
Many legal assistants use computers to do legal research, create documents, and keep records.
Most legal assistants use technology.
Legal attorney provides prepaid services through a membership plan for family and business.
Legal authorities can proceed down the civil road, the criminal road, or both roads.
Legal authorities take the position that they are the victim when the public is abused.
Legal authority comes from both federal Clean Water Act and state water quality laws.
Legal authority is either primary or secondary.
Legal authorization is as yet undefined.
Legal authorization requires a legal document or court action except for parents of minor children.
Legal background is helpful.
Legal background is preferred.
Some legal background is desirable.
Legal battles exact their price in staff time and commissioners' angst as well as attorney's fees.
Legal bills can be just as catastrophic as medical bills and can happen just as unexpectedly.
Legal bills can be just as catastrophic as medical bills and happens just as often.
Legal bills require daily management.
Legal blindness is blindness
Legal blindness is defined in several ways.
Legal blindness manifests itself in a wide range of visual functioning.
Legal bodies continue to extend purview.
Legal bodies exist in many countries to administer funds and property.
Legal boilerplate is neither mumbo-jumbo nor holy writ.
A legal brief is an instrument
Legal briefs sit cheek by jowl with pictures of thong underwear.
Legal budgets are typically tighter.
Legal bullying is the bringing of a vexatious legal action to control and punish a person.
Legal bullying is the route to trouble in a democratic system.
Legal care is as important in our society as health care.
Some legal careers provide life.
Legal cases comprise the overwhelming majority of the database.
Legal cases involving corruption grow bigger and bigger.
Legal cases tend to be decided by facts, rooted in the here and now.
Most legal cases take many years and numerous legal fees to resolve.
Legal caveats apply, and the final decision is the personal responsibility of the investor.
Legal certainty means good business.
Legal challenges are already in the works, but they can be costly as well as taking a long time.
Legal challenges are likely to continue, however.
Legal challenges continue.
Legal challenges seem to come much more frequently today and, certainly, litigation costs are high.
Legal challenges take a long time.
Legal change is, however, gradually being won at the ballots and in the courts.
Legal changes can only facilitate transformation in the legal status of women.
Legal channel can also be expensive.
Legal characters are alphanumerics and dash.
Legal characters are letters, digits, and the hyphen.
Legal characters are limited to letters, numbers, commas, periods and dashes.
Most legal citations consist of a number, an abbreviation, and another number.
Legal cites are available via fax in as quickly as one hour.
Legal claims involving water accidents can involve complex legal and technical issues.
All legal claims have time deadlines.
Legal classes are acceptable, but a broad range of coursework is preferred.
Legal clinic serves indigent clients.
Legal clinics connect theory and practice.
Many legal clinics offer pro bono work.
Legal code is code
Legal code is the creation of man, sometimes perhaps inspired by higher beings.
Legal codes are probably as old as civilization itself.
Legal coercion is what makes a contract binding.
Some legal commentators argue that the act is new and is evolving.
Some legal commentators see an opportunity to ban spam by equating it with junk faxes.
Legal compliance is a critical aspect of the corporate counsel's job.
Legal compliance is the starting point.
Legal compliance is the users responsiblity.
Legal concepts are equivalent to programming concepts.
Legal concepts can be difficult to comprehend.
Legal concerns are often paramount in the minds of new homeschoolers.
Legal concerns command a continuously growing amount of staff time and budget.
Legal concerns make it impossible for the union to put the package out for ratification.
Legal concerns make themselves felt in another way.
Legal concerns rate high when considering document imaging.
Legal concerns require independent analysis and an evaluation of all relevant facts.
Legal conditions are one obvious factor.
Legal conditions limit the inclusion of a wider range of indicators on working conditions.
Legal conditions regarding home schools are unique to each state.
Legal conditions restrict the inclusion of a wider range of work condition indicators.
Every legal conflict has aspects beyond the legally cognizable claims and defenses.
Legal confusions have no bearing on the ethical foundation of caste-based societies.
Legal considerations dictate the semi-permanent retention of all contracts in remote storage.
Some legal consultants say they are above the celebrity and fanfare of being a TV personality.
Legal consultation is a click away.
Legal consultation is advised for all situations involving subpoenas.
Legal consultation is available and offered apart from initial consultation.
Legal content is checked by a lawyer with expertise in the area.
Legal Contracts are an integral part of purchasing and renovating a home.
Any legal contract requires consideration on the part of both parties.
Legal controversies have a primal meaning that most people find gripping.
Legal copy goes here.
Legal costs are an important consideration when a party decides how to deal with a dispute.
Legal costs are another area to be aware of.
Legal costs are clearly a legitimate business expense.
Legal costs are enormous.
Legal costs are no different from any other cost.
Legal costs are very high.
Legal costs can be substantial.
Legal costs outstrip actual compensation in a large number of cases, the report says.
Legal costs relating to the collection of alimony are deductible.
Legal costs vary depending on the amount of work involved, and how complex it is.
Any legal costs incurred by a member in bringing an appeal are the responsibility of that member.
Legal council says that anybody can call themselves what they want unless that name is copywritten.
Legal counsel can be invaluable in both identifying and resolving such problems.
Legal counsel can point out the impact of contemplated actions on a future potential transaction.
Legal counsel is advised when non-disclosure is being considered.
Legal counsel is also helpful when starting a business.
Legal counsel is available to assist with bequests, trusts, and other types of planned giving.
Legal counsel is brought in when quality becomes more important.
Legal counsel is costly and there are long waiting lists for lawyers who accept legal aid.
Legal counsel is necessary to draft trust agreements, wills and other estate planning documents.
Legal counsel is provided by either the court investigator or by an attorney appointed by the court.
Legal counsel is provided in the event of a lawsuit.
Legal counsel is required to take advantage of irrevocable trusts.
Legal counsel means a lawyer.
Legal counsel renders an opinion about the availability of potential marks.
Legal counseling is often necessary, if in the end, divorce is the solution.
Legal crime is a net game.
Legal currency is real money, whether marks, francs, pounds, euros or dollars.
Legal custody can be individual or joint.
Legal custody is awarded by the court.
Legal custody is the right of the parent to make the decisions.
Legal custody means having the legal responsibility for caring for a child.
Legal decisions can change based on the jurisdiction, and particular facts.
Legal decisions consider the relevant watershed laws being implemented.
Legal defense takes time and money.
Legal definition is a very blunt instrument of definition.
Legal definitions are often narrow and overly restrictive.
Legal definitions exist for compostability, the process that leads to compost.
Legal definitions vary between jurisdictions.
Legal definitions vary from state to state.
Legal delays cause many children to remain in foster care longer than necessary.
Legal department wants to have access to all rated and all unrated sites.
Legal deposit applies to all types of publications in all types of formats.
Legal deposit facilitates the development of our national printed archive.
Legal deposit is vital for national bibliographies.
Legal deposit provides the Danish music, and purchases and gifts supply the other categories.
Legal deposit remains one of the principle source of acquisitions.
Legal detriment means to give consideration.
Legal devils hire and bribe and illegaly obtain documents to keep in business.
Legal dictionaries are nothing more than dictionaries that define legal terms.
Legal dictionaries compile the generally accepted meanings of terms used in legal documents.
Legal dictionaries provide the first three preferred definitions.
Legal difficulties arise any time public funds are going to religious institutions.
Legal difficulties related to alcohol use are also common.
Many legal difficulties begin or are exacerbated by alcohol and other drug use.
Legal disclaimer applies.
All legal disclaimers apply.
Legal discourse has a pragmatic character that philosophical debate often lacks.
Legal discourse is founded on an assumption of legal objectivity.
Legal discrimination is, after all, illegal.
Legal discussions are California specific, but all police departments can use the scenarios.
Legal discussions are underway.
Any legal disputes regarding an old project or partnerships are likely to get resolved now.
Many legal disputes involve cost issues, or valuation issues involving cost and other information.
Many legal disputes involve financial, accounting and income tax considerations.
Most legal disputes settle before trial.
Some legal disputes go to trial.
Legal divorce is rare, although unions are often unstable, especially among the poor.
A legal document is papers
Legal documents are about communicating information.
Legal documents are about the only way of obtaining the autographs of the very early ballplayers.
Legal documents are documents.
Legal documents are valuable to individuals and to organizations.
Legal documents can be VERY long.
Legal documents contain lots of lists.
Legal documents defining the common parking area and cross easements are available upon request.
Legal documents describe treatments.
Legal documents form the basis for ownership and land boundaries.
All legal documents are single spaced to save space in the court's file.
Many legal documents are free.
Most legal documents describe treatments.
Some legal documents are now, for many purposes, unreadable.
Legal documentation includes a copy of the marriage certificate or divorce decree.
Legal documentation is forwarded to the client's lawyer for review.
Legal documentation is required for all name changes.
Legal documentation is required for guardianship.
Legal documentation is required to change a name.
Legal documentation is required.
All legal documentation is in French.
Legal domains are among the hardest to find.
Legal drugs are a load of shite.
Legal drugs are harder for children to get.
Legal drugs are worse for the individual and for society than almost ALL illegal drugs.
Legal education can contribute to excellence in reference librarianship.
Legal education consists of a three year course of full-time study.
Legal education demands superior communicative skills.
Legal education emphasizes thinking like a lawyer over training to practice in various settings.
Legal education includes the study of business law and tax law.
Legal education includes thestudy of business law and tax law.
Legal education is a cooperative venture.
Legal education is a hybrid of two elements.
Legal education is a rather peculiar place when it comes to innovation.
Legal education is also different than in the United States.
Legal education is expensive.
Legal education is increasingly about developing skills.
Legal education is steeped in tradition and mired in antiquated teaching methods.
Legal education is what many refer to as a people game.
Legal education opens innumerable career options in, around and outside the law.
Legal education remains a central service of the section.
Some legal educators question the intellectual rigor of classes that revolve around simulations.
Legal employers interview students for legal clerkship, judicial clerkship, and attorney positions.
Legal employers seek law students and lawyers who throw themselves into their work.
Legal employers tend to be conservative.
Most legal employers are relatively conservative, but there are exceptions.
Legal employment classifieds and links to other legal job search resources.
Legal employment creates perversions which are destructive of the market.
Legal encyclopedias are a good source when beginning a search of the law in an unfamiliar area.
Legal encyclopedias are a good starting point to get an overview of a topic.
Legal encyclopedias are multi-volume works that contain discussions of many different topics of law.
Legal encyclopedias have large, detailed, multi-volume indices.
Legal encyclopedias provide an excellent beginning point for learning about a legal topic.
Legal encyclopedias can be useful as indexes and introductory guides to the law.
Legal encyclopedias offer a broad overview of some topics.
Legal entanglements eat up even more dollars and can drag out for years.
Legal entities can declare bankruptcy.
Legal entities have the same rights as humans.
Any legal entity can now apply for any kind of domain.
Every legal entity has one.
Legal environment is classified into three dimensions.
Legal equality is only the tip of the iceberg.
Legal ethics are also an expanding online topic.
Legal ethics are sometimes an oxymoron.
Legal ethics concerns the standard of professional conduct and responsibility required of a lawyer.
Legal ethics is a joke.
Legal ethics prohibit lawyers from making guarantees on the outcome of a case.
Legal euthanasia is here in the form of physician-assisted suicide.
Legal events follow certain patterns.
Legal evidence given by women carries less weight than that given by men.
Legal evidence is that statement made under oath before a properly constituted tribunal or officer.
Legal evidence is the most common form of indirect evidence.
Legal executives are much more specialised than their solicitor colleagues.
Legal expenses are reimbursable up to varying limits under some corporate benefits packages.
Legal expenses are significant.
Legal expenses can be staggering.
Legal experience is a plus.
Legal experience is needed.
A legal expert is an expert
Legal experts agree that the burden of proof is on the prosecutors and time is their enemy.
Legal experts agree.
Legal experts are concerned because unmarried partners have almost no legal rights in that country.
Legal experts are divided.
Legal experts believe that the court's decision has serious consequences.
Legal experts caution, however, that defeats in the form of costly lawsuits are also possible.
Legal experts disagree on the role the king plays in granting or rejecting pleas for a pardon.
Legal experts discuss bio-ethics issues.
Legal experts discuss security in the law office.
Legal experts handicap the file-trading service's courtroom chances.
Legal experts point to a number of factors at work.
Legal experts predict technical difficulties ahead for the new laws' drafters.
Legal experts raise questions about the prosecutor's apparent conflicts of interest.
Legal experts reckon upcoming court challenges to the deals are simple but devastating.
Legal experts review the first day of impeachment trial proceedings.
Legal experts say a trial webcast from a Florida courtroom shows the allure remains.
Legal experts say cases of inmates going insane after they are sent to death row are unusual.
Legal experts say it is unclear.
Legal experts say it violates the Bill of Rights.
Legal experts say privacy law is insufficient as it relates to the Internet.
Legal experts say that discrepancy alone is probably too vague to constitute obstruction.
Legal experts say that it's easier to sell sooner, rather than later.
Legal experts say that the principal candidate for amendment is Art.
Legal experts say the case against the defendant, once again, looks strong.
Legal experts say the case has set a new precedent for the concept of judicial time.
Legal experts say the funds are a good start toward providing a decent defense.
Legal experts say the issue is probably unresolvable.
Legal experts say the judges obviously rethought that position.
Legal experts say the law is blatantly unconstitutional.
Legal experts say the law, until then, had never been used.
Legal experts say the lawsuit is likely to come to trial during the coming school year.
Legal experts say the move is well-intended and makes sense.
Legal experts say the soundness of such terms is shaky at best.
Legal experts say there is little ammunition for further prosecution.
Legal experts say there is precedent in allowing one attorney to represent two defendants.
Legal experts say volunteers seem to emerge once a state resumes executions.
Legal experts see trouble on the horizon for legislation, too.
Legal experts suggest that the restriction violates the Constitution.
Legal experts vary in their level of success and the way they handle cases.
Legal experts warn that nothing is certain.
Legal experts warn that our privacy protection rights are fragile and uncertain.
Many legal experts believe the defense performed beautifully, but is being a bit disingenuous.
Many legal experts doubt that the constitution allows a president to be indicted while in office.
Many legal experts think a successful appeal is a long shot.
Most legal experts say coordination of soft money is legal.
Some legal experts believe that possession is almost impossible to enforce.
Some legal experts believe the contract violates their constitutional freedom of expression.
Some legal experts favor placing all judges' investments on the Internet for everyone to see.
Some legal experts question that assertion, saying an acting prosecutor can sign indictments.
Some legal experts say more safeguards are needed.
Some legal experts say that amounts to a refusal to uphold the law.
Some legal experts say the boost in fines is excessive for a misde-meanor crime.
Some legal experts say the separate state question has become irrelevant.
Legal expertise can make a difference at arraignments and bail hearings.
Legal expertise is also in short supply on the Russian bench.
Legal expertise is needed because of the importance attached to due process.
Legal expertise is of limited value if it ignores the reality of a rapidly changing world.
A legal fee is a fee
Legal fees are a substantial investment.
Legal fees are also capped.
Legal fees are an important, yet delicate, subject for both attorneys and clients.
Legal fees are an investment in service.
Legal fees are but a small amount, and they pale in the light of the total cost.
Legal fees are fees.
Legal fees are for the taking of security only.
Legal fees are high.
Legal fees are payable in advance.
Legal fees can be a major part of the cost of incorporation.
Legal fees can be fairly expensive.
Legal fees can obviously far exceed the amount of the cap.
Legal fees seem excessive.
Legal fees vary widely, and can be surprisingly flexible.
Most legal fees related to divorce are nondeductible personal expenses.
Legal fireworks conform to the standards.
Legal firm tries to represent both the husband and the wife in a divorce case.
Legal folks feel the word is too strong.
Legal folks look for legal solutions.
Legal forms abound on the Internet.
Legal forms are artifacts.
Legal forms are available for purchase at many legal stationary stores.
Legal forms are documents.
Legal forms are official documents.
Legal forms constitute a large percentage of most law practices.
Legal forms fall into two categories.
Legal forms have special importance in various peace agreements that constitute the pax Americana .
Legal forms have special importance in various peace agreements that constitute the pax Americana.
Legal Forms have the most extensive legal forms site on the Internet.
Legal forms offers thousands of legal forms to attorneys and businesses directly over the internet.
Legal forms vary greatly.
Some legal frameworks encourage women.
Some legal frameworks establish minimum voter turnout requirements for the election to be valid.
Legal fraternities are open to both men and women.
Legal game are dove, quail, squirrel, rabbits and waterfowl.
Legal game is restricted to ducks and goose only.
Legal gesture can be demonstrative in two ways.
Legal gestures can even indicate the witnesses guaranteeing legal acts.
Legal group decries ruling that restricts Texas seminaries' actions.
A legal guardian is a fiduciary
Legal guardians have the right to order medically necessary treatments.
Legal guardianship is a necessary step in the process.
Legal guidance is available to members with an emphasis on organizing.
Legal guidelines vary from country to country.
Legal guilt incorporates factual guilt, but it also includes a fair process.
Legal guns are easy to obtain from here - and from dealers and shops.
Legal harassment works well, too.
Legal harmonisation follows economic harmonisation.
Legal help is necessary for estate planning.
Legal hits includes setting, bumping, dinking, blocking, and spiking.
A legal holiday is a holiday
Legal holidays are days on which government offices are closed.
Legal holidays are holidays.
Legal holidays are transferable.
Some legal hurdles do still exist.
Legal identification is required for all deaths involving possible criminal charges.
Legal identification is required in addition to the deposit.
Legal immigrants are also eligible to be drafted in wartime.
Legal immigrants are in the majority.
Legal immigrants are three times more numerous as the illegal ones.
Legal immigrants choose to come here.
Legal immigrants have no constitutional rights whatsoever.
Legal immigrants pay taxes and contribute to our economy.
Legal immigrants play by the rules and come in under the law.
Legal immigrants play by the rules and pull their own weight.
Legal immigrants share the same responsibilities as citizens.
Legal immigrants work hard, pay their taxes, and serve America.
Many legal immigrants are no longer eligible for food stamps until they become citizens.
Most legal immigrants can receive benefits.
Some legal immigrants qualify.
Legal immigration accounts for the balance.
Legal immigration has to be lowered and illegal immigration has to be stopped entirely.
Legal immigration is a good thing for the country.
Legal immigration is about right, but there is too much illegal immigration.
Legal immigration is always safe and orderly.
Legal immigration is good for America - citizens and immigrants alike.
Legal immigration is good for America.
Legal immigration is one of the cornerstones of our society.
Legal immigration offers families a chance for reunification.
Legal immigration represents a different problem.
Legal immigration requires a completely different outlook and set of tools.
Legal immunity is another potential deal-killer.
Legal imperative driven by demand of legal conduct, i.e. have to follow laws.
Legal implementation is by three mechanisms.
Legal incentives serve to reinforce existing practice patterns.
Legal info is included - .
Legal information can be e-mailed or accessed through the Web wherever it can be faxed.
Legal information databases.
Legal information includes patents and New Jersey codes and regulations.
Legal information is also available here.
Legal information is arranged by organization type and by subject.
Legal information is available in the State Case Law area.
Legal information is available.
Legal information is based on U.S. law, but the principles apply in many countries.
Legal information is defined by organization type and by topic.
Legal information is organized in a very specific and structured way.
Legal information is supplied to every client.
Any legal information provided by outside authors is posted without editing.
Much legal information is now available in electronic form.
Legal infringements come before issues with local inclusion policies.
Legal institutions are mechanisms for carrying out political decisions.
A legal instrument is papers
Legal instruments are documents used to show certain legal things.
Legal instruments play an important role in central government policy for education.
Legal insurance is a form of prepaid legal services.
Legal interest is that fixed by the law.
Some legal interests are different from others.
Legal interns can be graduates of or students enrolled in approved schools of law.
Legal internships are also highly recommended.
Legal internships require previous legal research experience.
Legal intoxication varies by state.
Legal investigators specialize in cases involving the courts and lawyers.
Legal issues affecting a person are complex and individual circumstances vary.
Legal issues are also involved with nontraditional pets.
Legal issues are also the responsibility of the instructional staff.
Legal issues are an important part of caregiving planning.
Legal issues are at the centre of international trade in fishery products.
Legal issues are complex and require specific attention to particular facts.
Legal issues are more and more critical to the operation of any business.
Legal issues are obviously present.
Legal issues are often narrower than social issues.
Legal issues are out of scope.
Legal issues are very close to being resolved.
Legal issues are what's keeping it in the bottle for the moment.
Legal issues arise because they expect to be able to talk.
Legal issues arise when trucks travel in an unsafe manner.
Legal issues arising from the facts are the litigant's responsibility.
Legal issues become very important when coding compression algorithms.
Legal issues can cause many problems because many registrations require official guardians.
Legal issues can cause problems for firms operating in more than one country.
Legal issues can crop up in some unexpected places.
Legal issues can imperil an employer's drug testing program.
Legal issues can include limitation of liability clauses and conflicting forms.
Legal issues can occur when hiring intact teams, top technical talent with non-compete agreements.
Legal issues cloud the picture as well.
Legal issues continue to bewilder, concern, and aggravate information consumers and producers alike.
Legal issues exist with the old code.
Legal issues exist.
Legal issues focus on liability principles and tort reform.
Legal Issues Go to . . .
Legal issues have a way of changing with the times.
Legal issues impact many of todays critical managerial decisions.
Legal issues relate to activities.
Legal issues relate to business activities.
Legal issues relating to reliability include signature requirements and contract documentation.
Legal issues support.
Legal issues surrounding spec scripts are fairly loose.
Legal issues vary widely.
Every legal issue is a challenge.
Many legal issues are basically economic in nature.
Many legal issues arise in the context of complex or multi-party relationships.
Many legal issues arise quickly.
Most legal issues relate to activities.
Most legal issues relate to business activities.
Some legal issues affect care.
Some legal issues affect health care.
Some legal issues concerning domain names are quite straightforward.
Some legal issues relate to business.
Some legal issues relate to information technology business.
Legal jargon is avoided .
Legal jobs are more scarce than ever before, with fewer and fewer employers looking to hire lawyers.
Legal judgements made in courts can be even more restrictive.
Legal judgments can provide restitution, but relationships can be destroyed in the process.
Legal judgments evaluate justice, but basically neither express moral nor ethical values.
Legal jurisdiction rules conflict from nation to nation.
Legal jurisdictions are numerous, and greed is abundant.
Legal justice covers our responsibilities to the social system.
Legal knowledge is also important.
Some legal lacunas are likely to come up.
Legal language is extremely exact as well as confusing.
Legal leverage helps to provide vulnerability.
Legal liability arises through negligence, or the operation of law or due to contract obligations.
Legal liability counts too.
Legal liability increases dramatically if no action is made to correct the defect.
Legal liability is also another bugaboo that suppose to scare everyone into palm sweating obedience.
Legal liability is an issue with LRECs, if an approved protocol is claimed to have done harm.
Legal liability is one of the heaviest arguments against protection dogs.
Legal liability is reduced as is the risk of virus damage.
Legal liability remains with the parent entity.
All legal liability resides with the individuals posting the ADs here.
Legal limit being the bar thickness be-low the outer edge of the shoulders.
Most legal limits are similar.
Legal limitations are an important area of presentation.
Legal limitations require mandatory reporting when danger is a threat.
Legal literacy extends beyond awareness of laws.
Legal literacy is a critical strategy in helping women recognize and advocate for their rights.
Legal literacy is about making the law understandable and more accessible to ordinary people.
Legal literacy is low among both rural and urban-based women regardless of status and class.
Legal loopholes ensure that certain problems remain unrecognized and uncontained.
Legal loopholes present many challenges to investigators and prosecutors.
Legal machinery knows no limitation or control except power.
Legal mail includes correspondence to or from courts, court staff and attorneys.
Legal mail includes mail addressed to attorneys.
Legal mail is logged.
Legal mail is scanned in the inmate's presence prior to delivery.
Legal malpractice claims based on underlying medical malpractice involving the foot, ankle, or leg.
Legal mandates are mandates that are required by law.
Legal mandates prevent the conversion of natural habitat types to anthropogenic habitat types.
Legal marriage is a basic privilege and responsibility of adulthood.
Legal marriage is a state-defined contract currently available only to a man and a woman.
Legal marriage is entirely the responsibility of the state.
Legal materials are primarily appellate cases and statutes of Virginia.
All legal materials are full-text.
Legal matters are generally much more complicated than they appear.
Legal matters are our specialty.
Legal matters demand attention.
Legal matters differ widely.
Legal matters dominate along with partnership, marriage.
Legal matters lead to new alliances, opportunities or even trips.
Legal matters require some compromising or adjustments.
Legal matters take precedence.
Legal matters take time . . .
Any legal matters are appropriate for discussion.
Most legal matters get settled out of court, so be ready to deal.
Legal measures are the easiest way for the government to deal with the problem.
Legal measures can be in the service of the material interest of parties involved.
Legal measures exist to combat and punish corruption.
Every legal member is to be represented by an announced natural person.
Legal methods known as tax avoidance take full advantage of the tax code.
Legal monitoring is to a minimal extent.
Legal monopolies are the most persistent.
Some legal moves are afoot, reflecting the public mood.
Legal muscle costs money.
Legal niceties play no part here.
Legal notes are out of date.
Legal nurses are valuable because of a combination of medical and legal training.
Legal obligation is placed upon upstream providers.
Legal obligations are the foundation of our safety and health standards.
Legal obligations arise only after the terms of the signed treaty are ratified.
All legal obligations are to the seller.
Legal observers believe the burgeoning movement has had a profound effect.
Legal observers expect a long drawn out trial.
Legal observers say that's unlikely.
Legal observers say the chances of convictions are slim.
Legal observers say there are already problems with the case.
Legal observers tend to be more likely to risk arrest.
Many legal observers consider the trial's outcome crucial for the future of the high-tech industry.
Some legal observers think so.
Legal officers advise on evidence for court martial, drafting charges and conducting prosecutions.
Legal officers receive additional responsibilities as they attain more experience and rank.
Legal opinion is an instrument
Legal opinion is divided on the case.
Legal opinions differ.
Some legal opinion has facts.
Legal options are limited and emotionally draining and financially expensive.
Legal options are limited, emotionally draining and financially expensive.
Legal options are limited, emotionally draining, and financially expensive.
Legal options seem to have exhausted any hope of getting all the votes counted.
Legal order is as necessary to government as is fresh air for breathing.
Legal organisation becomes particularly important where mass arrests are being planned.
Legal organizations are strong-points for propagating the ideas of illegal nuclei among the masses.
Legal ownership is another matter.
Legal papers deal with a dispute concerning the election of trustees which resulted in a court case.
Legal paraprofessionals work in a variety of private and governmental settings.
Legal parenthood consists in possessing legal parental rights and responsibilities.
Legal party is almost entirely the narrow leadership of each union.
Legal paternalism has a long and fundamental tradition.
Legal paternity is established in many ways depending on the mother's and father's situation.
Legal penalties are determined in court.
Legal periodicals contain frequent articles or columns on legal ethics.
Legal periodicals fall into several easily identified categories.
Legal periodicals play an important role in the legal research process.
Legal persecution continues.
Legal personnel are available on a permanent and temporary basis.
Legal philosophers ponder questions of justness.
Legal phrases are on the side of impotence.
Legal phrases produce diverse reactions.
Any legal pitch hitting the plate is a strike.
All legal players are eligible to receive a pass.
Legal pollution varies from country to country.
Many legal positions listed tend to be in the New York and DC metro areas.
Legal positivism is a dangerous and racist doctrine.
Legal positivism is the basis for abortion in many court arguments.
Legal possession is one day's limit, and there is no minimum size requirement.
Legal power is power
Legal power tends to replace military power as means to resolve all but local differences.
Legal practice emphasizes independent inventors and small businesses.
Legal practice entails all phases of criminal defense representation.
Legal practice focuses on construction and government contract litigation.
Legal practice focuses on federal procurement law.
Legal practice focuses on government contracts and construction law.
Legal practice is a business subject to increasing competition.
Legal practice is concentrated in the areas of business representation and complex civil litigation.
Legal practitioners can implement that strategy individually, and as a body.
Legal practitioners have, however, a major advantage over accounting practitioners.
Legal practitioners make the best neutrals to conduct non-judicial dispute resolution processes.
Legal precedent supports the aforementioned actions.
Legal precedents are set, lives are dramatically altered, and, sometimes, history is made.
Legal predictability is a means of increasing social peace.
A legal principle is a principle
Legal principles are discernible and judicial outcomes are predictable.
Legal principles are only as good as is their implementation.
Legal principles are principles.
Legal principles can also have a profound effect on the shape of a trial.
Many legal principles have yet to be tested, according to a U.S. government official and a lawyer.
Legal privacy means . . .
Legal privilege prevents patient access.
Legal problem solving is a common method used in Dutch legal education.
Legal problems are always individual.
Legal problems are harder to solve.
Legal problems come in an endless variety of forms.
Legal problems consist of conflicting interpretations of rules.
Legal problems prevent bank fingerprints from being used in prosecution as well.
Every legal problem is unique.
Many legal problems can arise from the ownership or leasing of business real estate.
Some legal problems affect agencies in general, and arise again and again in different contexts.
Legal procedures are ongoing.
Legal procedures are slow.
Legal procedures do exist today for dealing with the mountain lion.
Legal procedures involve a multitude of arbitrary details and deadlines.
Legal procedures provide for due process.
A legal proceeding is a due process
Legal proceedings are out of the question.
Legal proceedings are usually open to the public.
Legal proceedings become an entertainment, a sideshow that no one takes seriously.
Legal proceedings can delay their departure.
Legal proceedings can take years to complete.
Legal proceedings continue, as the verdict has been appealed on procedural grounds.
Legal proceedings result in a judgment or order that in itself can be enforced.
All legal proceedings require prior authorisation.
Many legal proceedings are to be stopped.
Legal process is all about how law shapes politics and politics shapes law.
Legal process is an essential part of the democratic process.
Legal process means some kind of legal notice or opportunity for a hearing.
Legal processes are legal proceeding.
Legal processes can hold up adoption as much as any decisions taken by social services.
Many legal processes are hard on clients.
Legal products are specific to all jurisdictions and practice areas.
Legal professionals are busy and overworked people.
Legal professionals are professionals.
Legal professionals are stationary, and as such prime targets for the exercise of undue influence.
Legal professionals can achieve redaction, too.
Legal professionals can advertise or search for jobs.
Legal professionals can also customize the system using the extensive macro capability .
Legal professionals can also customize the system using the extensive macro capability.
Legal professionals can collect data automatically from multiple external and internal sources.
Legal professionals can improve responsiveness to client questions and issues.
Legal professionals can index depositions for quick retrieval.
Legal professionals play an extremely important role because they help business function smoothly.
All legal professionals take notice of the new changes.
Many legal professionals appreciate the speed and convenience of CD-ROM searching.
Many legal professionals deal with medical based terminology in their practice.
Legal programs give IllegalAccessError when run.
Many legal prohibitions have religious connections.
Legal proof establishes facts, while archival proof documents the functions of the creator.
Legal proof is required.
Legal prostitutes can use the services of the normal doctors.
Legal prostitution is an unusual facet of our state.
Legal protection comes with implementation of laws that allow registration of variety ownership.
Legal protection is merely the starting point for protection of intellectual property rights.
Legal protection is one.
Legal protections exist for battered lesbians and gay men in West Virginia.
Legal protections exist for workers who file complaints about dangerous work situations.
Legal provision is required for the authentication of electronic documents.
Legal provisions allow the practice of naturopathic medicine in most other states.
Legal provisions allow the practice of naturopathic medicine in several other states.
Legal provisions are solid.
Legal psychologists consult with educational groups and with juries in the courts.
Most legal publishers use pocket supplements to update the information found in the regular volumes.
Some legal publishers sell compact discs containing law text.
Legal publishing has a synergy when a publisher produces law for multiple jurisdictions.
Legal qualifications are highly desirable.
Legal qualifications are imperative.
Legal quandaries exist which have the potential to either fuel or doom industry growth.
Legal questions affect all aspects of our business, economic and personal lives.
Legal questions are fact specific and require individual analysis and discussion.
Legal questions can be fond at and submitted from here .
Legal questions exist as to whether loitering laws are enforceable.
Legal questions touch almost every aspect of education today.
Some legal questions remain unanswered.
Legal ramifications are also explored.
Legal records are an excellent source of information.
Legal records Be sure to obtain a sufficient supply of important medical prescriptions.
Legal redress can be a long, difficult and frustrating road.
Legal reference constitutes the major portion of the collection.
Legal references are to UK national legislation unless indicated otherwise.
All legal references are to New York Law.
Legal reform advances freedom-a crucial and constitutive quality of comprehensive development.
Legal reform is a longterm process, involving changes in laws, institutions and attitudes.
Legal reforms are nearly complete.
Some legal reforms are largely under the jurisdictions of the states.
A legal relation is a social relation
Legal relations appear only on the grounds prescribed by valid laws.
Legal relationships exist between people and are enforced by the state.
Legal relief is backward looking, i.e, is a remedy for past harms.
Legal remedies are expensive and can take years.
Legal remedies are limited.
Legal remedies are rapid, effective and applied by courts.
Legal repentance is no repentance at all, but mere self-recrimination and remorse.
A legal representation is an agency
Legal representation is also optional.
Legal representation is assured if the patient disagrees with a decision to continue treatment.
Legal representation is available during any part of the contract negotiation.
Legal representation is available for indigent women.
Legal representation is discussed, and the defendant is notified of the next court date.
Legal representation is often the key to improving the outcome of charges heard against defendants.
Legal representation is optional although advisable where there are legal issues involved.
Legal representation is provided by contract attorneys for indigent defendants if necessary.
Legal representation is required at revocation hearings.
Legal representation seems appropriate in such a circumstance.
Legal representations are representations.
Any legal representation is at the expense of the visitor.
Legal representatives work for organizations.
Most legal representatives work for organizations.
Legal requirement do have to be consider in some USA states.
Legal requirements differ from state to state.
Legal requirements exist pertaining to estimated tax payments.
Legal requirements involving personal watercraft vary widely from state to state.
Legal requirements mandate Congressional districts achieve virtual population equality.
Legal requirements shape our decisions.
Legal requirements supersede any agreement.
Legal requirements vary greatly between jurisdictions.
Legal research can make or break a case.
Legal research integrates the content of social issues and analysis.
Legal research is a demanding and, at times, frustrating process.
Legal research is a growing trend on the Internet.
Legal research is a skill.
Legal research is an integral and necessary element of legal drafting.
Legal research is done better and more quickly with computers.
Legal research is done using the computer.
Legal research is like any other library research.
Legal research is much faster thanks to computers.
Legal research is offered free.
Legal research is often helpful to the private investigator and paralegal.
Legal research is really more of an art than a science.
Legal research is the process of finding the law relevant to a particular situation.
Legal research is very different from research performed at the undergraduate level.
Legal research projects exercises in how to find the law.
Some legal research is involved.
Legal researchers spend a lot of time researching government laws and regulations.
Legal resources are a click away.
Legal resources are available.
Legal resources can be helpful.
Legal resources consist of primary and secondary materials.
Many legal resources are available from multiple sites.
Legal responsibility is always with the shipper.
Legal responsibility is like a social contract between drivers and the state.
Legal responsibility is.
Legal restrictions apply to certain products, mainly foodstuffs such as fruit, plants and meat.
Legal restrictions can control the destuction to some exent.
Legal restrictions can impact access.
Legal restrictions tend to apply to TV transmissions rather than to printed ads.
All legal restrictions apply for any other close relatives.
All legal restrictions apply.
Legal resumes are nuanced documents and pedigree is a big deal within the inner circles.
Legal revisions make processes possible in national courts.
A legal right is a right
Legal rights are of vital importance to the daily work of a film archive.
Legal rights are rights.
Legal rights are usually moral rights that are protected by law.
Legal rights come into play in any accident.
Legal rights regarding implied warranties vary from state to state.
Legal rights relate to specific issues, and are written into laws.
Legal rights relate to specific issues, and are written into the law.
Legal rights vary from state to state.
Legal risk can be a particular problem for institutions who transact business across borders.
Legal risks are also high.
Legal rules acquire their ultimate meanings in a continuous process of interpretation.
Legal rules affect every aspect of our lives.
Legal rules apply to people.
Legal rules are generally more clear-cut than ethical rules.
Legal rules are objective tools.
All legal rules have dynamic histories and uncertain futures.
Most legal rules apply to people.
Legal sanctions are hard to rely on in other countries.
Legal sanctions can be effective if the punishment is certain.
Legal scallops possess a defined raised annual growth ring.
Legal scallops possess a defined, raised, annual growth ring.
Legal scholars believe the case is as much about politics as it is about the law.
Legal scholars believe the practice violates the Constitution's commerce clause.
Legal scholars debate how and by what standards a motivation of hate can be established.
Legal scholars debate the extent that the First Amendment protects commercial speech.
Legal scholars differ as regards when such intervention is permissible or necessary.
Legal scholars disagree on it.
Legal scholars doubt it.
Legal scholars have their own opinions.
Legal scholars say that that abbreviated explanation has been widely misunderstood.
Many legal scholars agree.
Most legal scholars agree that as goes Vermont, so goes the rest of the country, eventually.
Some legal scholars argue such policies are discriminatory and unconstitutional.
Some legal scholars herald the change in attitude and law as progress long overdue.
Some legal scholars say legislation that attempts to define parent behavior is worded vaguely.
Legal scholarship is a weird weird animal.
Legal science remains underdeveloped in Latin America.
Legal secretaries are part of a law office team and report to one or more attorneys.
Legal secretaries belong to one of the most employable groups in the world.
Legal secretaries can all but name their salary requirements.
Legal secretaries earn more and medical secretaries slightly less.
Legal secretaries have a very high burn-out rate.
Legal secretaries have several certification options.
Legal secretaries perform knowledge.
Legal secretaries perform many of the same tasks as other secretaries .
Legal secretaries perform many of the same tasks as other secretaries.
Legal secretaries perform work knowledge.
Legal secretaries perform work requiring knowledge of legal terminology and procedures.
Legal secretaries prepare legal documents and communicate with the courts.
Legal secretaries prepare legal documents and correspondence and assist with research.
Legal secretaries prepare legal papers and correspondence and assist legal research.
Legal secretaries sit for long periods.
Legal secretaries work with lawyers.
Legal secretaries work with one or more attorneys or paralegals.
Many legal secretaries advance to the growing area of paralegal.
Most legal secretaries perform knowledge.
Most legal secretaries perform work knowledge.
Most legal secretaries work in law firms, corporate legal departments, and governmental agencies.
Some legal secretaries have options.
Some legal secretaries have several options.
Some legal secretaries learn industries.
Some legal secretaries read legal journals and assist with legal research.
Legal separation is a stop
Legal separation means that the parties are still married but living separately.
Legal separations are important.
Legal service is about time and knowledge.
Legal services are a buyer's market, as never before.
Legal services are also available.
Legal services are available over the summer months.
Legal services are available to all clients regardless of eligibility to pay.
Legal services are available, as is adult day care.
Legal services are expensive.
Legal services are information rich.
Legal services are last.
Legal services are now also available directly.
Legal services are short term and provided one on one or in a clinic setting.
Legal services plans for individuals and their families, businesses and employee groups.
Legal services require more education.
Legal services return .
Some legal services require a relationship and are best delivered locally.
Legal sets fall into four categories, called spectra .
Legal settlement needs to be addressed.
Legal shots require that the cue ball be struck only with the cue tip.
Legal significance is distinguished from social significance.
Legal sites play by the rules.
Many legal sites contain helpful information in understanding traumatic brain injury.
Every legal situation is different.
Every legal situation is unique and the law is changing all the time.
Legal size prints the overlay on one sheet of paper.
Legal sizes are dependent upon the type of data being stored in the variable.
Legal software can be an important engine for economic growth and prosperity in the new millennium.
Legal software is available as well.
Legal solutions are just as difficult.
Legal sources define and explain legal standards within specific subject areas of the law.
Legal sources say it is hard to read the mood of the judge.
Legal sovereignty is an inescapable concept.
Legal specialists say that Malaysia's law is among the world's most repressive security acts.
Legal specialists say that the family has little chance of prevailing in federal court.
Some legal specialists worry about the sheer magnitude of the challenge.
Legal spice carried by unlicensed vessels is subject to seizure by the monopoly holders.
Legal sports wagering in Nevada is dwarfed by illegal sports wagering outside the state.
Some legal spots are free, but many are paid for, either by the day or by the month.
Legal squats build big legal squats.
Legal staff can review files while others continue daily processing.
Legal staff provides in-house counsel.
All legal staff are welcome.
All legal staff attend courses to ensure their knowledge is kept up to date.
Legal Statements View our legal statement.
Legal status can greatly affect a program's ability to offer supportive services.
Legal status is status
Legal status is status.
Legal status means limited selection and, most likely, charges.
Legal status varies according to state.
Legal status varies from state to state.
Legal statutes provide an extensive amount of support in the case for fetal rights.
Some legal sticklers scowl that jury nullification means people taking the law into their own hands.
Legal stories Use for works that deal with the law, lawyers, judges, etc.
Legal structure affects the jurisdictional rules.
Legal studies illuminate the constitutional issues that are often inherent in reform proposals.
Legal studies introduces students to current law and associated legal institutions and processes.
Legal stuff follows.
Legal subjects are free and responsible.
Legal subjectivity is a useful thing, to a tyrant.
Legal succession is that which is established in favor of the nearest relations of the deceased.
Legal suite is worth the price alone.
Legal support is given on tel.
A legal system is a system
Legal system is combination of old English common law, African tribal law, and Islamic law.
Legal systems are human inventions, based on a history of human thought and practice.
Legal systems are products of legal culture.
Legal systems are systems.
Legal systems exist in other ways for that issue.
Legal systems exist to serve the interests of the citizenry.
All legal systems confront the problem of authority.
All legal systems have provisions for making decisions in disputes.
Every legal system is made up of laws and procedures.
Many legal systems are combinations of one or more of the above.
Many legal systems assume childbirth is always possible regardless of age or health.
Many legal systems do permit the intervention of third parties.
Most legal systems state the same.
Some legal systems seem to try to prevent the use of that right.
Legal technicalities cost someone time and money.
Legal technicians are a dime a dozen.
Legal techniques are limited to punching and kicking.
Legal technology is a pervasive part of most lawyers' and their clients' lives.
Legal teens are fine.
Legal teens spreading their tight pussies and showing off their small tits is really great porno.
A legal tender is a standard
Legal tender has to do with time.
Legal tender is bags of lentils or corn.
Legal tender is dollars.
Legal tender is self-certifying.
Legal tender is the Fijian dollar.
Legal tenders are devices.
Legal terms apply.
Legal terms are often terms of art.
Legal Terms Click here for a list of available positions.
Legal terminology is presented, building a foundation of the common terms used in the legal field.
Legal terminology related to medical practice is covered.
Legal theories have a way of being tested over time .
Legal theory defs.
Legal theory has to reflect the reality of everyday business life.
Legal threats are very serious.
Legal thrillers sell by the millions.
Legal time ought to be used in official and business affairs.
Legal title is neither necessary nor sufficient for the poor to feel secure and invest in land.
Legal title passes to the customer on despatch by our distributors.
Legal title passes to the trustee, and the beneficiary receives equitable title in the property.
Legal title refers to the physical ownership of property.
Many legal tools require a lead time.
Some legal tracks are already available, but few are from top-selling contemporary artists.
Legal tradition is a major source of high transaction costs.
Legal tradition is weak.
Legal trails are hard to find in Ohio - a reflection of conservative state park management.
Legal trails are hard to find in Ohio, a reflection of state park management.
Legal training is the foundation for successful careers in a multitude of enterprises.
Most legal transactions are procedures requiring only the filling out of ready-made forms.
Legal transplants require an environmental impact statement.
Legal treatises are textbooks written by lawyers for lawyers.
Legal treatises explain and analyze the law of a particular subject.
Legal trouble continues.
Legal troubles tell part of the story.
Legal truth is achieved through adversarial argument and judgement.
Legal uncertainties remain.
Legal uncertainty is a hurdle standing in the way of teamwork and problem-solving.
Legal uncertainty is thus rife.
Legal use is dependent on providing opt-out capability to all list members at all times.
Legal values are a specific machine name or the .
Legal values are a specific partition name or the .
Legal values are active, passive, or client.
Legal values are all and clip.
Legal values are all positive numbers.
Legal values are next , prev , last , or a specific screen number.
Legal values are offLine, or a site-wide flag name.
Legal values are On and Off.
Legal values are simple, fs, and cron.
Legal values are true and false .
Legal values are true and false.
Legal values are 'true' and 'false'.
Legal values are true or false.
Legal values are vax and sun .
Legal values are 'webtex' and 'mathml'.
Legal venue is Vienna.
Legal verbiage is very different from any other verbiage.
Legal waivers protect against plagiarism claims.
Legal website makes legal information, once available only from lawyers, available to everyone.
Legal websites can provide unique experiences to their visitors while including third-party content.
Legal white can also occur on the preputial region, or area of the sheath of the penis.
All legal words are property of their owners.
Legal work conducted is in connection with investigation.
Legal work is about how people behave and interact .
Legal work is carried out at the beginning rather than end of the process.
Legal work is facilitated by sophisticated electronic and communications systems.
Legal work is handled by local notaries and buying procedures are straighforward.
Legal work is high pressure.
Legal work is in process, but it always takes considerable amounts of time and, of course, money.
All legal work is civil in nature.
All legal work is conducted by a qualified adoption attorney and or a social worker.
All legal work is handled by the County Attorney's Office.
Most legal work is relatively routine.
Some legal work is done on a fixed fee basis.
Some legal work is quite straightforward.
Legal writers create unnecessarily long sentences when they use excessive subordination.
Most legal writers seem to have developed an instinct for which cases to pick and which to discard.
Legal writing consumes a great deal of time in the first year.
Legal writing contains the same necessary grammatical and syntax requirements as general English.
Legal writing is a form of technical writing.
Legal writing is a particular kind of skill.
Legal writing is also available.
Legal writing is emphasized.
Legal writing is full of sentences that wind on like curvy country roads.
Legal writing is simple storytelling .
Legal writing requires separate treatment.
Legal writing tells a story.
Most legal writing includes one or more citations.
LegalCare staff can then direct the matter accordingly.
A legalese is style
Legalese follows in somewhat smaller type.
Legalisation of documents is conducted strictly on a first come first serve basis.
A legalisation is a group action
Legalisation is also unlikely to happen in the current climate of moral repression.
Legalisation is available in the field of drugs let s use it.
Legalisation is the most rational way forward.
Legalisation means a legitimate and controllable supply.
Legalisation means deglorification.
A legalism is conformity
Legalism adds to the gospel in that it adds conditions to the gospel.
Legalism alienates the world.
Legalism also promotes fear.
Legalism can be a trap.
Legalism can be eternally bad.
Legalism can never be a sufficient motivator for spiritual change.
Legalism causes fear.
Legalism creates judgment and divisions.
Legalism defines spiritual growth as obeying the rules.
Legalism develops into a religion of experts.
Legalism emphasizes the externals and becomes preoccupied with trivia.
Legalism encourages isolationism.
Legalism enters every situation encumbered with prefabricated rules and regulations.
Legalism fails on all counts.
Legalism focuses on superficial spirituality.
Legalism has a deadly effect upon the human spirit.
Legalism ignores our true fallen nature.
Legalism interferes with that intimacy.
Legalism is a cheap substitute for the real thing.
Legalism is a damning heresy.
Legalism is a devastating power against the human spirit.
Legalism is a facade, and it produces hypocrisy.
Legalism is a mental disorder that masquerades as religion.
Legalism is a power play for control.
Legalism is a prison.
Legalism is a sad substitute for righteousness.
Legalism is a term used to describe a mindset that places rule keeping at the heart of religion.
Legalism is a vast wasteland.
Legalism is an attempt to reform our flesh.
Legalism is an attitude, a mentality based on pride.
Legalism is an attitude.
Legalism is an exaggerated concern with the law.
Legalism is bad, but legality is good.
Legalism is deadly.
Legalism is demonic.
Legalism is exercised in many Christian fellowships rather than liberty.
Legalism is focused on a system.
Legalism is focused on what is required.
Legalism is in our blood.
Legalism is insidious.
Legalism is like a body without a soul.
Legalism is much more plausible.
Legalism is out of step with the gospel.
Legalism is pseudo spirituality.
Legalism is really our own anxious efforts to limit and restrict the law.
Legalism is rigid, grim, exacting, and law-like in nature.
Legalism is seductive.
Legalism is the devil's parody of holiness.
Legalism is the doctrine of salvation by good works.
Legalism is the mortal enemy of healthy self esteem.
Legalism is the most comforting religion of all.
Legalism is the opposite of antinomianism.
Legalism is the opposite of Love.
Legalism is very different from the voluntary adoption of rules for our particular purpose.
Legalism is wrong because it is illegal.
Legalism is wrong.
Legalism leads to bondage and the requirements of keeping the law to maintain salvation.
Legalism likes to major on the negatives.
Legalism majors on the minors.
Legalism makes no exceptions for genuine repentance.
Legalism means basing salvation on works or law or imposing nonbiblical rules.
Legalism never makes it.
Legalism offers little latitude.
Legalism only demands that the law be satisfied.
Legalism plays word games.
Legalism provides comfort to insecure people.
Legalism rationalizes such a crass attitude.
Legalism really has a very narrow definition.
Legalism says that salvation is based on human good works apart from faith and apart from grace.
Legalism seeks to destroy privacy and insert tyranny.
Legalism settles in.
Legalism strengthens the sinful nature.
Legalism tends to place all the emphasis on the individual human soul.
Legalism turns church attendance into a soul-killing law that spawns spiritual death.
Legalism ultimately produces defeat.
Legalisms are conformity.
Legalism always breeds discontent.
Legalism always breeds discontment.
Legalism always leads to defeat.
Legalism always looks for a way to postpone personal responsibility.
Legalism always needs more interpretation.
Legalistic feminism is only a trickle.
Legalistic obedience claims that externals are the essence of sanctification.
Legalistic religion is one of conventions and convenience.
Legalistic religion undermines self esteem.
Legalities are often distortions to protect some people against others.
Legalities are one thing, ethics are something quite different.
Legalities Be aware that laws governing advance directives differ from state to state.
Legalities pertaining to diverse use of computer systems vary widely between countries.
Legality becomes a fiction.
Legality forms a whole.
Legality has nothing to do with it.
Legality is a sketchy issue.
Legality is based on the appropriateness or inappropriateness of the act.
Legality is no guarantee of morality.
Legality is quality
Legality is subject to four encompassing issues.
Legality refers to how extensive the legal system is.
Legality relates to each interconnect standard.
Legalization of abortion is a controversial issue.
Legalization of drugs is probably so overdone that it's hard to say anything new on the topic.
Legalization helps governments regulate the activity.
Legalization is a group action
Legalization is about taxation.
Legalization is an act of neglect and ignorance.
Legalization is essentially the process of authen-ticating a legal document.
Legalization is group actions.
Legalization is just one of many answers to reducing the deficit.
Legalization is small government.
Legalization is such a bromide.
Legalization is surrender to immorality.
Legalization is the beginning of that process.
Legalization is the only alternative our world can afford.
Legalization makes America safe for Colombian drug cartels.
Legalization means less coercion, and that means more addicts and addicts who are harder to treat.
Legalization means that the state imposes regulations under which women can be prostituted.
Legalization refers to some form of state controlled prostitution.
Legalization seems to many like too dangerous an experiment.
Legalization sends the wrong signal to our children and their families.
Legalization takes control out of the woman's hands and puts it into the hands of middlemen.
Legalized abortion continues to take the lives of babies and women.
Legalized abortion declares one human life to be more valuable than another.
Legalized abortion is a great advancement for our country and personal freedom.
Legalized abortion is predicated on a similar supossed fact that an unborn child is less human.
Legalized abortion protects women's mental and physical health from the burdens of child rearing.
Legalized bribery is a fact of life, as is the refusal of a majority of citizens to vote.
Legalized Drugs are a major influential force in our country today.
Legalized drugs mean lower prices and an end to the wars among distributors.
Legalized marriage means increased expectations and increased accountability.
Legalized murder is a step in the wrong direction and is setting a bad example.
Legalized prostitution means that state brothels exist in certain areas of each town.
Legalized robbery is what's going on.
Legato software is used for automated backup.
Legend cats gives the number of categories in the legend.
A legend is a story
Legend accepts travel agency check and credit cards as payment.
Legend also has an extensive and immediate user base.
Legend also has an extensive customer base.
Legend also has it that snakes avoid trefoil, and that it is a remedy for snake and scorpion bites.
Legend also says that their child was the first European born in Newfoundland.
Legend also waives access charges for the first year.
Legend calls the whale shark a giant sea monster.
Legend can contain lithologic symbols with standard or custom lithology descriptions.
Legend can supply pouches with tear notches, die cut handles and valve bags.
Legend claims that in the background, far off, the wolves bayed at the moon.
Legend claims that they lived near the Major Oak .
Legend claims that they lived near the Major Oak.
Legend connects the city of Canopus in Egypt with the pilot and the star.
Legend connects the place to the epic Mahabharata war.
Legend creates map legends for layers on the map.
Legend dates the temple prior to the vedic age.
Legend embodies it in a sound that enables it to spread all over the world.
Legend even suggests that they frolicked and sang until delivered by an angel.
Legend Explains the symbols on the maps.
Legend goes that the cave was illuminated by a pearl and inhabited by a dragon.
Legend goes that the name was derived from an old salt lick in the area.
Legend goes that there used to be ten violently destructive dragons doing wrong in the world.
Legend goes that they are originally the heavenly horses herded near Li River.
Legend goes that they used to be a good couple engaging in ferriage.
Legend has a way of being modified over years.
Legend has it . . .
Legend has it .
Legend has it a Mongolian princess also mated with a bull.
Legend has it a small boy scooped up a fork-full and ate it in defiance of the evil Queen.
Legend has it a soldier jumped the narrowest point of the walls on horseback.
Legend has it a young boy stole a gold cross from the priest then the boy died soon after.
Legend has it flytraps are an alien life form from out there.
Legend has it one obstinate diner demanded gravy on tandoori chicken.
Legend has it that a big crocodile lurks here.
Legend has it that a bloody handprint can still be seen on one of the pews.
Legend has it that a breakman was playing cards with friends in a shanty near the tracks.
Legend has it that a bull once raided the groundnut crop of farmers living in the area.
Legend has it that a Chinese ambassador was mistreated by a treacherous prince.
Legend has it that a coin fell from the bag and was lost temporarily.
Legend has it that a dip in the sacred pool inexplicably cured a crippled youth.
Legend has it that a farmer turned the horse out to die.
Legend has it that a fellow scientist once said.
Legend has it that a ghost walks the house each night and plays a violin.
Legend has it that a giant fell here and was converted to rock.
Legend has it that a golden eagle or two has been spotted there.
Legend has it that a group of wild mustangs was herded to the narrow point.
Legend has it that a highly venerated monk was being held captive by a band of pirates in the lake.
Legend has it that a long, long time ago, the Kathmandu Valley was a holy lake.
Legend has it that a man was bricked up behind the walls.
Legend has it that a man was lost in the desert, just dying for a drink of water.
Legend has it that a pot of gold is buried in the basement.
Legend has it that a shelter caught fire and fell into the trading post well.
Legend has it that a single monk created the stairway in order to fulfil a vow.
Legend has it that a snake created the hole in the red sandstone rock.
Legend has it that a soul eater consumes illnesses.
Legend has it that a south wind carried the seeds of the red-leaf trees to Beijing.
Legend has it that a wicked old dowager lived in the castle for many years.
Legend has it that after a fresh snowfall is also a good time.
Legend has it that after the battle the stream by the fort ran red with blood.
Legend has it that after World War II, the Aby breed in Great Britain was reduced to a few cats.
Legend has it that among the hundreds of ships in the shot are a sneaker and a few sticks of gum.
Legend has it that an Indian princess is buried here.
Legend has it that an umbrella aboard ship is unlucky.
Legend has it that ancient cannon can found here as well.
Legend has it that anything within a several foot radius of the underwear was untouched by the fire.
Legend has it that cats do the same thing as Chihuahua's are supposed to.
Legend has it that champagne was invented by a blind monk.
Legend has it that chervil sharpens a dull wit, restores youth and makes one merry.
Legend has it that cowboys appreciate such things.
Legend has it that drinking from a peridot goblet can increase the potency of medicines.
Legend has it that during a battle the king's horse went down.
Legend has it that Elijah returns to earth, from time to time, to befriend the helpless.
Legend has it that fairies used to come down to frolic and bathe.
Legend has it that fairies used to come down to the waterfall to bathe and frolic.
Legend has it that firecrackers ward off evil spirits.
Legend has it that five French and five Dutch prisoners escaped and stayed behind.
Legend has it that for every black egg consumed, six years are added to one's life.
Legend has it that four drops of nectar spilled from the pot near four blessed cities.
Legend has it that four drops of nectar spilled from the pot, near four blessed cities.
Legend has it that Fr.
Legend has it that ghosts can be seen riding along the beach on the anniversary of the siege.
Legend has it that gold is hidden in the Superstition Mountains.
Legend has it that in ancient times, ginseng was a fairy in the likeness of a male infant.
Legend has it that it comes from ancient China.
Legend has it that it cures sore eyes.
Legend has it that it dispels all enchantment and helps to improve eyesight.
Legend has it that it straddled the entrance to the harbor, but it probably stood to one side.
Legend has it that it straddled the entrance to the harbour, but it probably stood to one side.
Legend has it that it was built by a master carpenter who used only an ax to build the cathedral.
Legend has it that it was here in Ireland that whiskey was invented.
Legend has it that it was made by locals hurrying to escape from the monster.
Legend has it that it was the inventor of the pendulum who also invented the wheel.
Legend has it that it was used to nourish warriors in the area now known as Germany.
Legend has it that long ago a hunter was trapped between a pond and a pursuing lion.
Legend has it that making the mix requires a large pot and hours of patience.
Legend has it that many victims of the famine are buried under the sands of Clew Bay.
Legend has it that Milo applied progressive resistance in the form of lifting a growing calf daily.
Legend has it that no one every broke out of the town's old steel cell.
Legend has it that one guy tried to extort money from a Catholic parish.
Legend has it that one night after a dance, a girl was killed there.
Legend has it that one of the gem's new owners was a Turk who promptly drowned.
Legend has it that one student went on to die in a rebellion against slavery.
Legend has it that one survived.
Legend has it that pet-lovers tend to take on the looks or personality of their furry companions.
Legend has it that picture jasper is supposed to bring on long and restful sleep.
Legend has it that pilgrims used to fill tiny flasks with water from the Basilica .
Legend has it that pilots in World War II used it to improve their night vision.
Legend has it that pirates horded their treasure there.
Legend has it that pirates stored treasure in parts of the low-ceilinged area.
Legend has it that Rome was originally ruled by Etruscan kings.
Legend has it that some wells contain treasures.
Legend has it that such a tunnel once ran from the palace into the town.
Legend has it that surviving ninja dispersed to all parts of Japan after their defeat.
Legend has it that tee times are slated hourly, and that a day with six groups is considered busy.
Legend has it that Texas Valley originally was settled by an ancient wagon train bound for Texas.
Legend has it that the art form increases an individual's longevity.
Legend has it that the candles suddenly went out.
Legend has it that the church was organized in a local shoe shop.
Legend has it that the crocodiles a few that are now left are of a rare and almost extinct species.
Legend has it that the cross was made from a dogwood tree.
Legend has it that the doctrine originally arose during the housing shortage.
Legend has it that the dots on the dice looked like the eyes of a crab.
Legend has it that the elevated point was named by French fur traders.
Legend has it that the fabulous white sand was originally imported from Egypt.
Legend has it that the first building in town was the old post office.
Legend has it that the first soap made was an accident.
Legend has it that the gold is hidden somewhere in the mountains.
Legend has it that the good dreams pass-through the center hole to the sleeping person.
Legend has it that the habit of drinking coffee was spread in Europe after the battle.
Legend has it that the hill is man-made, and contains a network of tunnels.
Legend has it that the home was cut in half to be moved.
Legend has it that the island was once under the sea.
Legend has it that the Kathmandu Valley was once filled by a massive lake.
Legend has it that the lair of a dragon contains riches untold.
Legend has it that the lake was formed because of an argument between two neighbors.
Legend has it that the last driver was a woman.
Legend has it that the mammoth heads simply walked to their sacred platforms.
Legend has it that the marquis of Pompadour was the very first patron of the porcelain box.
Legend has it that the mere gaze of the maned wolf can kill a chicken.
Legend has it that the monastery was founded in the sixth century.
Legend has it that the most potent therapeutic agent in health care is the doctor.
Legend has it that the name comes from wild strawberries that once grew there.
Legend has it that the only casualty was a cow shot by mistake.
Legend has it that the pacos spoke to the stones and they moved up the mountains themselves.
Legend has it that the paper was a napkin in a coffee shop in Long Beach.
Legend has it that the poor soul never made it back from the job.
Legend has it that the production of poteen began with the first potato harvesting.
Legend has it that the raven kept constant vigil from the rigging of the ship all the way.
Legend has it that the rock weeps at night.
Legend has it that the set was plagued by deaths and mysterious disappearances.
Legend has it that the skipper is still chasing the engineer.
Legend has it that the songwriters overheard a Greek fruit stand owner utter the famous phrase.
Legend has it that the spot goes deep into the earth until it touches water.
Legend has it that the stone was made from the flesh and blood of their ancestors.
Legend has it that the term originated during the Great Depression.
Legend has it that the test was to pour a sample of the beer onto a bench and to sit in it.
Legend has it that the town of Red Lodge was named for the tepees' coloring of red clay.
Legend has it that the treasure is guarded by a headless spirit.
Legend has it that the tunnel just west of Cairo is haunted.
Legend has it that the wall was built to be too high for disease-carrying mosquitoes.
Legend has it that the youngster won.
Legend has it that their ancestors cooked a huge pot of crab soup in celebration.
Legend has it that their ancestral grandmother lives here, guarding the balance of nature.
Legend has it that there are bodies in the swamps.
Legend has it that there is a hidden picture of a fish in the floor.
Legend has it that there is a hidden treasure in the capitol's secret labyrinth.
Legend has it that there is a huge evil creature chained to a hillside.
Legend has it that they held a hot-dog eating contest that year.
Legend has it that they made the trip on the backs of whales.
Legend has it that they named for the ladies in waiting to an English queen.
Legend has it that they walked off the ship to an unknown fate.
Legend has it that they watched the birth of our sun.
Legend has it that three quarterbacks transferred the next day.
Legend has it that townswomen buried the dead in the woods and at the old cemetery.
Legend has it that two clans who hated each other lived on the island.
Legend has it that when each urn was apparently finished, there was one final step.
Legend has it that when the Greek gods went to Mt. Ida in Turkey they returned with raspberries.
Legend has it that whoever eats the last piece of bread has to kiss the cook.
Legend has it that, like fruitcake, there is actually only one jar of chow-chow.
Legend has it the colosseum was used for Indian tribal meetings.
Legend has it the dishwasher at a nearby deli is a real ladies' man.
Legend has it the frog was one piece of foreign-object debris that never made it to the trash.
Legend has it the lake is deeper than it is wide.
Legend has it the pair had a daughter.
Legend has it the ponies came from a wrecked Spanish ship.
Legend has it the railway was used only once, eventually fell into disrepair and was abandoned.
Legend has it the scavenging continued until the body was clad only in underwear.
Legend has it there was a splendid temple here, decorated with gold.
Legend has it they chose a fish as their symbol.
Legend has it they met during a performance.
Legend has it, however, that the bones of the great general spent a very rainy night in New Castle.
Legend has it, that the stone was pried from the eye of an Indian idol.
Legend has it, the disks are all replicas of a space ship that once landed on an oval, in Australia.
Legend has rubber grip and end switch.
Legend has that it lives a thousand years and thus it is a symbol for long life.
Legend has the skunk ape smelling like a combination of rotten eggs, moldy cheese and goat dung.
Legend holds that a dwarf magician built the temple in a single night.
Legend holds that the third is bigger than the first and flows faster than the second at high tide.
Legend holds they used the area as a hunting ground.
Legend indicates seventh sons of seventh sons have telepathic powers.
Legend indicates various cultural features.
Legend is a champion of the underdog, a crusader for justice and truth.
Legend is a great partner.
Legend is a marvelous example of romantic suspense.
Legend is a seriously Pagan band with a lot to say.
Legend is a wonderfully ambivalent term.
Legend is an IT company that offers a full range of quality IT products, services and solutions.
Legend is below.
Legend is certainly more controversial than the truth.
Legend is China's biggest computer maker.
Legend is currently in bankruptcy reorganization.
Legend is determined to deliver compelling single-player and multiplayer gaming.
Legend is fantastic.
Legend is given below.
Legend is in German, English, French and Italian.
Legend is included and accurate.
Legend is incomplete or in accurate.
Legend is just as real as a heap of potsherds, and more important.
Legend is located above.
Legend is no mere pseudonym.
Legend is now a major player in the Asian PC market.
Legend is one of the most respected brands in the Mainland market.
Legend is one of the premier rare coin dealers in the United States.
Legend is provided as well as skull preparation information.
Legend is resistant to metribuzin injury at normal rates.
Legend is shown for displayed layers only.
Legend is straightforward.
Legend is structured as a matrix using soil performance and soil resilience.
Legend is that first man was created by gods and emerged from the caves.
Legend is that it was deliberately shortened to accommodate the fire department.
Legend is the largest PC maker in a country with one of the world's fastest-growing PC markets.
Legend is the most comfortable multi-function tool to use.
Legend is the newest and fastest boat in the fleet.
Legend is the of the oldest forms of literature.
Legend is the wrong word, too.
Legend isa fiction.
Legend maintains that the bowtie shape was inspired by a pattern of wallpaper in a Paris hotel room.
Legend makes fruity beers.
Legend misses the point.
Legend persists that lost millions in pirate gold abide in the hidden sands of Nassau County.
Legend promises first class service at coach class prices.
Legend provides a list of attribute-name abbreviations and their corresponding attribute names.
Legend provides pre-made pouches.
Legend puts the Hmong coming from a icy land to the North.
Legend reads 'The most celebrated music hall in the world'.
Legend records the wild stampedes and heroic trail drives.
Legend remains victorious in spite of history.
Legend says . .
Legend says a monster lies beneath the eerily calm surface.
Legend says after a disastrous flooding all plants had been destroyed and no food was available.
Legend says also that one man was right handed and the other was left handed.
Legend says came from Greece, where they had long been enslaved.
Legend says firecrackers ward off evil spirits.
Legend says it was a jungle movie of some sort.
Legend says it was barely solvent.
Legend says it was used to produce cannonballs during the Civil War.
Legend says relatives argued over a division of the house and eventually cut it in half.
Legend says that a father, mother and child lived near the church.
Legend says that buried beneath The Tree of Life is a book.
Legend says that good scientists are always looking straight ahead at the objective evidence.
Legend says that it can grow large enough to consume the entire world if it wanted to.
Legend says that it is a good sign when pieces of sky fall.
Legend says that it was created from stardust when Virgo looked down from the heavens and wept.
Legend says that it was one of the eyes of an idol in a Brahman temple.
Legend says that Moonstone is a highly prized gift for lovers as it arouses tender passion.
Legend says that thar be treasure buried at Saratoga Springs.
Legend says that the breach of the seal portends the coming of significant circumstance.
Legend says that the explorers met with local Indian tribes on the spot.
Legend says that the god of their sani-mahi religion came to earth in the form of a snake.
Legend says that the guardians are five times bigger then any human.
Legend says that the witch appears to people in the form.
Legend says that they can shed their sealskins and appear in perfect male or female forms.
Legend says that they left a record of that truth, though no document has ever been found.
Legend says that throwing a coin into the fountain ensures a safe return to Rome.
Legend says that two young slaves secretly met nearby and pledged their undying love.
Legend says that whomever visits there never leaves.
Legend says that's where most of the ghosts gather.
Legend says the arch was formed by the constant tears of a forlorned Indian maiden.
Legend says the body is in a crypt beneath an early Christian church.
Legend says the first time it was discovered it was on fire.
Legend says the museum is haunted at night time.
Legend says the opera was based on a real-life incident that occurred in Vienna.
Legend says the state nickname was born there.
Legend says the sword was created out of four great swords melted together by a secret process.
Legend says the tin turned to finest silver on the return journey.
Legend says the town was an Indian village before the advent of the Spanish conquistadors.
Legend says they are the souls of ancestors, returning to participate in the festival.
Legend says they live an incredibly long time.
Legend says they toppled overboard, tried to cling to each other, drowned in a net of stars.
Legend says tiger-eye quartz gems purify the bloodstream and organs from pollutants.
Legend shows color samples correspondence to raster classifications as encoded in an attached table.
Legend shows energy range vs. color.
Legend speaks thus of the foundation of the city.
Legend stands in a very good position to become one of the leading portals.
Legend states that a young girl died of hypothermia and attempted to write help on the window.
Legend states that they surrendered to a group of Welsh women dressed in black hats and red cloaks.
Legend states the beginnings of the candy cane are Christian.
Legend still supports shell accounts, but email and web services have been shut off.
Legend suggests that the bottle was shaped deliberately to resemble the fashionable hobble skirt.
Legend suggests women of Rome in the first century used a goat's bladder for the same purpose.
Legend surrounds the much later arrival of the first white men.
Legend surrounds the statue located to the left of the altar.
Legend tells of a fabulous cave there, with oriental carpets, secret doors and lavish furnishings.
Legend tells of a romance between the two.
Legend tells of a woodcutter who built a shack deep within the pine forest.
Legend tells that the animal can predict the weather.
Legend unmistakably assigns the primitive home to Scandinavia.
Legend wants a piece of that.
Legend wants to rezone the property and get a special use permit for the town center.
Legends abound about acupuncture's power.
Legends abound about the endearing dolphins, their rounded faces set in what seems like a smile.
Legends abound about the ratel's instinct to go for the groin when attacking.
Legends abound here.
Legends abound in our folklore, and story tellers abound in the community.
Legends abound in that region that the Chinese miners left hoards of gold in their old cabins.
Legends abound in the region.
Legends abound on the multiple uses of the tree, the bark, the leaves, fruit, nut and kernels.
Legends abound that the Potomac River is a widowmaker, a childtaker, and a woman-swallower.
Legends abound world-wide.
Legends abound, and archaeologists have only just begun their efforts here.
Legends also offers a choice of beef or ostrich meat.
Legends also record that the creatures often sat in trees, coming down only to find food.
Legends also speak of buried Civil War cannons, lost treasure, lost mines, and desperado hideouts.
Legends also tell of several other events.
Legends are a kind of imagined history.
Legends are a simplified way of dealing with mythology.
Legends are a whole lot of fun to race.
Legends are an important way of passing on history and culture.
Legends are apt to build up in the wake of great players.
Legends are attempts to explain reality, and their contents usually become objects of belief.
Legends are better than truth.
Legends are books.
Legends are draggable areas that describe curves.
Legends are few and far between.
Legends are forever.
Legends are full, and the images show decent detail, the reverse better.
Legends are full, but weak in places.
Legends are generally unreadable.
Legends are high on the TODO list.
Legends are history that happened a long time ago.
Legends are important in Japan.
Legends are in black.
Legends are in eight languages, including English.
Legends are legends for a reason.
Legends are legends in part because they persist.
Legends are legends.
Legends are located in maps.
Legends are made to be lived up to, Railroad Tycoon II is all that and a head of steam.
Legends are nothing new to the east coast of Florida.
Legends are often a mix of history and imagination.
Legends are often about traditions and beliefs.
Legends are people who are known for changing the ways that things are traditionally done.
Legends are similar too, often based on the theme of lantern-carrying ghosts.
Legends are stories.
Legends are suspect in scientific circles, but they often carry truths too deep for other mediums.
Legends are suspect in scientific circles, but they often convey truths too deep for other mediums.
Legends are the stuff that dreams are made of.
Legends are to be typed double spaced, with all legends grouped on a separate sheet of paper.
Legends are to be typed together on a separate sheet.
Legends are to be typed together, double-spaced, on a separate sheet.
Legends are tri-lingual including English.
Legends associated with the castle possibly owe something to the latter visitor.
Legends associated with the linga are many.
Legends Be sure that legends and figures correspond.
Legends Begin each figure legend at the top of a new page.
Legends can also be famous or historically significant people , places , art , etc. .
Legends can focus on religious and supernatural topics, real individuals, or places.
Legends Check out the upcoming events at the hottest night spot in town.
Legends claim that part of the ritual is the consumption of distilled darkness.
Legends claim that they reached Japan and colonized it.
Legends claim the fire started when a priest tried to burn a cursed kimono to destroy the bad luck.
Legends come around only once.
Legends contain important information for understanding the map at hand.
Legends describe conflict.
Legends describe events.
Legends describe gods.
Legends describe the wombat as boastful, sometimes wise, but also stubborn and selfish.
Legends die hard.
Legends die harder than do crumbling remains.
Legends die young.
Legends differ on the discoverer.
Legends do it every week.
Legends do seem to magnify over time, and here it erroneously became the Red Sea.
Legends explain the order in nature and how things came to be or why they are here.
Legends float in on misty rain, chased by bright summer sun.
Legends form the most interesting and inspiring part of the folk-tales of the Punjab.
Legends generally begin with a semblance of fact.
Legends generally explain how a natural occurrence originated from the spirit world.
Legends have a way of being reshaped in the course of retelling.
Legends have it that past guests come back and go about their daily routine.
Legends have it that the red color scares off evil spirits.
Legends have that a couple died at an intersection.
Legends have their place in foreign policy.
Legends hide some ancient things, have some mysterious meaning and some enigma.
Legends hold that the peafowl can charm snakes and addle their eggs.
Legends identify the meaning of the colours.
Legends live on opposing views.
Legends Never Die Some Net.
Legends never die.
Legends Never Die.
Legends never fall.
Legends originate from historical events.
Legends pass on, either through retirement or death.
Legends persist longer than their creators.
Legends pile up over sightings, bumped boats, and missing persons.
Legends placed in viewport coordinates make the legends stay put as the plot scale changes.
Legends precede each group of plates.
Legends racing certainly fits that bill.
Legends recount actual historical events and people.
Legends relive days on dirt.
Legends reveal that in the ancient times the region was ruled by a cowherd king.
Legends rise and fall in many organizations at annual holiday parties.
Legends say dark clouds rolled off the Gulf of Mexico and blotted out the sun.
Legends say frisky goats prompted the discovery of coffee's energizing effects.
Legends say that a few drops of nectar fell in it.
Legends say that it has magical properties.
Legends say that it is the treasure of mermaids, with the power to keep sailors safe at sea.
Legends say that the shawls show the change from a cocoon to a beautiful butterfly.
Legends say that wearers of turquoise are invincible to wild animals and snakes.
Legends say they're masters of deception.
Legends scooter in very good condition seat turns, raises and lowers.
Legends spread and recede like animal populations, and so do the accounts of why they are false.
Legends spring up around many old places, but especially cemeteries.
Legends stay put and their position is remembered between sessions.
Legends surround several of the attractions here.
Legends take a decade or so to ferment.
Legends take root in foreign lands or centuries after the event.
Legends teach cultural values and morals.
Legends tell about ancient kings, heroes and valuable artifacts.
Legends tell of a dryad who had fumbled in the spell book of a wizard passing through.
Legends tend to grow from inaccuracies.
Legends vary about how the tradition got started.
Legends always recognize a lodge brother.
Legend often tell of animals that offered themselves up for sacrifice.
Legends often fade with time.
Legends often hold some truth.
Legends often introduce and integrate objects or activities into our daily lives.
Legends often present historical facts.
All legend is inside the cartuche.
All legends are over-printed with a clear varnish to ensure maximum wear resistance.
All legends are to be typed consecutively on a separate sheet.
All legends begin with the truth.
All legends can.
Every legend gets the distortion knob wound up until the speaker melts.
Every legend has a beginning.
Every legend is based on fact.
Every legend tells of conquest and liberty.
Many legends abound.
Many legends draw connections between the dragon and the emperor.
Many legends exist about places in Cambridge.
Many legends exist about the various creatures that live in and off the tree.
Many legends have their roots in the actual physical features of bats.
Many legends record the disappearance of the moon and sky.
Many legends refer to the fox as a wily, clever trickster.
Many legends surround the hex sign.
Many legends surround the tiger, including stories of man-eating tigers.
Many legends tell about the origins of boxing in Greece .
Many legends tell about the origins of boxing in Greece.
Most legends are true.
Most legends describe conflict.
Most legends describe events.
Most legends describe gods.
Most legends establish a closer relationship between the indri and humans.
Some legends abscribe Christian symbolism to the Grail.
Some legends coming from very different places are surprisingly similar.
Some legends develop their own history.
Some legends have dreams.
Some legends have four trees holding the sky at the corners of the world.
Some legends have more than a little truth as their base.
Some legends imply that it is a doppelganger .
Legendary birds are very powerful and are at high levels.
Legendary breakfast includes fruits, cereals, home baked breads, croissants etc.
Legendary businesses require courage.
Legendary creatures are poor evidence for biblical literalism.
Legendary dwellers are found randomly through opening lunchboxes.
Some legendary events are wonderful . . .
Legendary marketing is the only sustainable sort of marketing.
Legendary names pop up on a regular basis in the author's narrative.
Legendary performers prevail.
Legendary pets are also able to override familiars.
Legendary sayings are difficult to place in the context of their time.
Legendary snow statues exemplify icy engineering.
Legendary voyage spans three continents from Asia to Europe.
Legends cars have fiberglass bodies mounted on a tubular frame.
Legged animals respond to simulated gravity as they walk and run in various gaits.
Legged robots pose some unique problems for docking, such as a lack of odometry.
Legged vehicles are more terrain capable, but more difficult to control.
A legging is a garment
Legging isa garment.
Leggings are an essential part of a little girl's wardrobe and can pair up with other tops as well.
Leggings are garments.
Leggings are great for both a workout and having coffee at a casual cafe.
Leggings are long pants.
Leggings are stretchy and can be worn close to the skin.
Leggings can cause.
Leggings have (part) bands.
Leggings have (part) button holes.
Leggings have (part) collars.
Leggings have (part) cuffs.
Leggings have (part) hems.
Leggings have (part) lap covering.
Leggings have (part) pocket flaps.
Leggings have (part) pockets.
Leggings have (part) sections.
Leggings have (part) skirts.
Leggings have (part) sleeve.
Leggings have (part) stripes.
Leggings includes various leggings, and greaves.
Leggings protect the lower leg and feet from molten metal or welding sparks.
Leggings vary with amount of beadwork.
Leggy plant needs to grow bushier, keep more compact form.
Leggy plants are more troublesome.
Leggy plants indicate poor light.
Leggy seedlings are a problem for many reasons.
Leggy seedlings happen for the same reason crooked houseplants happen.
Leggy teens save Earth repeatedly, attend middle school.
Leghold traps allow for either release or euthanasia of the trapped animal.
Leghold traps are inhumane and indiscriminate.
Leghold traps are notorious for the pain and prolonged suffering that they inflict.
Leghold traps are notorious for the pain and suffering that they inflict.
Leghold traps are the method preferred by hunters on the Tibetan Plateau.
Leghold traps are the most commonly used traps for catching nutria.
Leghold traps cause extreme suffering and pain to their victims.
Leghold traps pose a threat to non-target animals.
Leghold traps seize animals and birds by their legs, stomachs, wings, and faces.
Leghorn hat is matched velvet, trimmed with lace, silver braid, and ostrich feathers.
Leghorn males make very poor and costly meat, even when they are obtained free.
A leghorn is a hat
Leghorns also have a dominant inhibitor of brown shell color.
Leghorns are capable of considerable flight and often roost in trees if given the opportunity.
Leghorns are one of the best known breeds of chicken.
Leghorns are probably the worst breed to try and set eggs under.
Leghorns are prolific layers of white eggs.
Leghorns are where grocery store eggs come from.
Legibility also helps.
Legibility can be of major concern for such tables.
Legibility demands such visual control and at- xix.
Legibility depends on some sort of shared knowledge.
Legibility depends upon text spacing.
Legibility is a complex interrelationship of technique and technology.
Legibility is a prime consideration in selecting a display screen.
Legibility is a test of good design.
Legibility is also a dynamic process, as readers' habits are ever changing.
Legibility is also the responsibility of the author.
Legibility is also very important.
Legibility is an often overlooked aspect of encouraging people to navigate a site.
Legibility is clarity
Legibility is considered an outgrowth of their desire to communicate.
Legibility is critical and completeness mandatory.
Legibility is critical.
Legibility is enhanced by using black type on off white or pale yellow paper.
Legibility is essential.
Legibility is excellent and the maps have a clean appearance.
Legibility is extremely important to prevent misunderstandings and delays in shipping.
Legibility is founded on familiarity.
Legibility is important.
Legibility is improved, less writing is needed, and notes are better organized.
Legibility is key.
Legibility is left to the discretion of the judge.
Legibility is marked by appropriate letter formation, size, slant, spacing, and staying on the line.
Legibility is paramount.
Legibility is the central issue here.
Legibility is the highest priority.
Legibility is the only requirement.
Legibility means that the letters or characters on the sign are distinct from one another.
Legibility refers to the speed and ease that individual letters can be recognized.
Legibility relates to the ease with which one can form a cognitive map of an environment.
Legibility results from a combination of resolution and bit depth.
Legibility suffers, unless the color is very dark in value and barely distinguishable from black.
Legibility takes precedence over everything else in a presentation.
Legibility varies from excellent to poor.
Legible copies are acceptable.
Legible corrections are perfectly all right.
Legible hand drawn diagrams are acceptable.
Legible handwriting is acceptable.
Legible handwriting is adequate.
Legible handwriting is also necessary.
Legible handwriting is essential.
Legible handwriting is required.
Legible photocopies are acceptable.
Legible photocopies are fine.
Legible printing is an alternative.
Legible quality is more important than quantity.
Legible typography is conducive to prolonging attention.
Legible writing is essential for accuracy.
Legion aims for quality over quantity of visits.
Legion does have some of the stronger competition.
Legion focuses less on resource management and more on troops.
Legion implements a three-level naming system.
Legion is an army
Legion is association.
Legion is military units.
Legion plays like a personal mission statement from the band.
Legion provides a distributed, object oriented parallel processing environment.
Legion provides tools for compiling a program and registering it for multiple architectures.
Legion r ca.
Legion rebuilds . . .
Legions are basically two to five units all linked up together, traveling in formation.
A legionary is a soldier
Legionaries are under the guidance of a spiritual director named by the pastor.
A legionella is a bacteria
Legionella are widespread in natural sources of water.
Legionella pneumonia from a novel industrial aerosol.
Legionella thrives in warm-water environments both indoors and out.
Legionellas are bacteriums.
Legionellas are located in water fountains.
A legionnaire is a soldier
Legionnaires are honorable men and women.
Legionnaires are professional soldiers who fight because they are told to.
Legionnaires are soldiers.
Legionnaires are veterans.
Legionnaires enlist for five years.
Legionnaires march to support Vietnam.
Legionnaires meet weekly in parishes throughout the four counties.
Most Legionnaires come from countries other than France.
Legislated morality is an oxymoron.
Legislation affecting human resource management is studied.
Legislation affects all areas of human re source management.
Legislation affects our clients, our businesses, and our communities.
Legislation allowing for charter schools is on the books in several U.S. states and in Alberta.
Legislation allows appraisers to enter and inspect any property in B.C. for assessment purposes.
Legislation allows fully repatriation of profits.
Legislation allows gift of organs to others.
Legislation alone is unlikely to safeguard Amazonian forests.
Legislation already exists and additional laws are on the horizon.
Legislation already exists that allows the range to become part of the park.
Legislation also applies to companies that hold federal contracts.
Legislation also covers screening babies delivered by midwives.
Legislation also differs between municipalities.
Legislation also exists enabling cities and towns to establish city and town courts.
Legislation also plays a crucial role in our efforts.
Legislation also prohibits price discrimination .
Legislation also provides for a study of other investment options.
Legislation also provides for payment of a customs processing fee.
Legislation also provides for three conseils scolaires.
Legislation also recognises for the first time the validity of written requests to die.
Legislation also regulates equipment and activities for the protection of park visitors.
Legislation also supports the creation of export processing zones.
Legislation authorizing transfers is sought on a transfer-specific basis.
Legislation banning capital punishment is also pending in Latvia.
Legislation bans publication of any criticism of the monarchy.
Legislation barring Chinese immigrants and levying a head tax on each new arrival is passed.
Legislation becomes law through compromise.
Legislation begins in a congressional subcommittee or a full committee.
Legislation calling for compulsory health-warning labels is likely in South Africa.
Legislation calling for periodic increases in the contribution cap is long overdue.
Legislation calls for a three-year moratorium on the hunting and trapping season.
Legislation calls for change in gas ingredients.
Legislation can also assist with sustaining programs.
Legislation can also set out the arrangements for tenure and job security.
Legislation can assist in preventing discrimination on the grounds of family responsibilities.
Legislation can be an effective tool in reducing the yearly waste of lives.
Legislation can be an inducement for firms to place quotas on employing disabled people.
Legislation can be good as a guarantee of our product.
Legislation can be very tedious, detailed and boring work.
Legislation can change.
Legislation can encourage or discourage charter schools.
Legislation can help, but enforcement is difficult at best.
Legislation can inhibit flow of info.
Legislation can only contribute to the resolution of many of our social problems.
Legislation can sometimes be difficult if amendments are made.
Legislation can stop some of managed care s most outrageous practices.
Legislation can take away, or provide for, entitlement to compensation at any time.
Legislation caps any increase in bodily injury claims by the applicable policy limits.
Legislation certainly helps here.
Legislation comes in many formats.
Legislation concerning accessibility of Web sites can vary by state.
Legislation concerning our industry needs constant monitoring.
Legislation concerning safety needles varies from state to state.
Legislation considered under suspension of the rules requires a two-thirds vote for approval.
Legislation contains proclamation date information for provincial statutes.
Legislation continues through various committee hearings.
Legislation continues to be introduced or amended to carry energy-related ideas.
Legislation continues to exist which expropriates our hunting and fishing rights.
Legislation continues to promote testing as a way to boost the bottom line.
Legislation covering equal employment opportunity is extensive and complex.
Legislation covers both general and sector specific regulations and standards.
Legislation creating programs contains spending ceilings called authorization levels.
Legislation currently makes provision for the protection of significant sites.
Legislation currently protects a woman s right to choose between carrying a baby, or aborting it.
Legislation dealing with government information practices needs to be rationalised.
Legislation deciding how to compensate sick veterans is also in the works.
Legislation demands it.
Legislation designates key elements of the plan.
Legislation designed to control money laundering is currently before parliament.
Legislation Develops and implements legislative policies at state and national levels.
Legislation disallows waivers on commercial imports.
Legislation does, however, require the Royal assent.
Legislation drafted in haste often creates bad public policy.
Legislation Enter the bill number to search for.
Legislation establishing a committee contains the area of interest and a specific purpose statement.
Legislation establishing the refuge allows for rural residents to continue to live off the land.
Legislation exists in all states for government registration of osteopaths.
Legislation exists in Britain to bring such people to court.
Legislation exists to punish parents who discipline a child.
Legislation exists which allows an integrated, consistent and streamlined approval process.
Legislation falls under, and is a part of, the broader umbrella of governance systems.
Legislation FAQs Helpful legislative research pointers.
Legislation Find Congressional Information.
Legislation first requires pioneers to introduce change.
Legislation forbids cabinet ministers from lobbying the government for one year after retirement.
Legislation goes through a number of steps before becoming law.
Legislation governing different types of payment instruments is needed.
Legislation governing private sector collection and use of personal information is long overdue.
Legislation governing the licensing of professionals is a provincial responsibility.
Legislation governing the manufacture of animal feedingstuffs continues to tighten.
Legislation governing the practice of nursing exists in every state.
Legislation granting power to local authorities exists in each state.
Legislation has a decisive role in pushing things forward and spearheading change.
Legislation has a vital role to play in fighting child labour.
Legislation has potent symbolic value.
Legislation has yet to be adopted in Greece and Luxembourg, and has nearly been completed in Spain.
Legislation having a general impact on Louisiana coastal resources and environment is covered.
Legislation helps protect our parks.
Legislation implementing the settlement is also dead.
Legislation Includes database of consolidated Acts, Regulations and By-Laws.
Legislation includes referenda and initiatives.
Legislation includes statutes passed by federal or provincial lawmakers.
Legislation increases sentences, helps prevent sex crimes and aids victims.
Legislation insists that foreign workers get the going Austrian wage.
Legislation is - and good legislation is in the works in congress now.
Legislation is a civil law
Legislation is a collection of written principles which guide behaviour in society.
Legislation is a crucial determinant for the actual management of water and land resources.
Legislation is a generic word also covering both statutes and delegated legislation.
Legislation is a key element of our strategy.
Legislation is a new section.
Legislation is all fine and well.
Legislation is also an option attendees want to discuss in the future.
Legislation is also available, but it is very large.
Legislation is also generally governs administrative processes and procedures.
Legislation is always a possibility.
Legislation is amended and new regulations issued.
Legislation is an important component of injury prevention.
Legislation is an unnecessary burden on banks and financial institutions.
Legislation is arranged between important financial interests and the front benches.
Legislation is arranged in chronological order in each volume by public or private law number.
Legislation is available in both English and French.
Legislation is available in paper form from the government printer.
Legislation is based on biblical standards of truth.
Legislation is bound to follow.
Legislation is cheaper and quicker than litigation.
Legislation is civil laws.
Legislation is critical.
Legislation is currently under development.
Legislation is designed to be consistent.
Legislation is designed to protect all shipwreck sites for the Australian community.
Legislation is discussed.
Legislation is enacted that forbids gambling.
Legislation is enacted to govern future situations.
Legislation is excellent in some countries but incomplete and outdated in others.
Legislation is filed to block lawsuits against the gun industry.
Legislation is for state purposes only.
Legislation is government.
Legislation is idle, arguments on rights and legalities vain.
Legislation is in place mandating accessible web sites.
Legislation is in place providing incentives for the retirement industry.
Legislation is in place to prohibit child labour in industry.
Legislation is in the process of amendment.
Legislation is in the works to allow nighttime contract work when traffic is light.
Legislation is in the works to limit the powers of government workers.
Legislation is likely to be introduced which provides for more extensive review of such conversions.
Legislation is likely to follow at some stage, general election prospects notwithstanding.
Legislation is listed in reverse order, with most recent bills listed first.
Legislation is meaningless without enforcement.
Legislation is monitored on a weekly basis.
Legislation is most often in a different stage when the faculty become aware of the issue.
Legislation is necessary to implement the amendment.
Legislation is needed in order to achieve that goal.
Legislation is needed now to allow for the timely creation of a viable reliability organization.
Legislation is needed now to end the practice of unequal protection for people with mental illness.
Legislation is needed to authorize the fees and surcharges.
Legislation is needed to clarify their effect in relation to electronic communications.
Legislation is needed to create the program which is anticipated to be funded by accreditation fees.
Legislation is needed to dissolve special districts which are no longer active.
Legislation is needed to ensure that work has been carried out properly.
Legislation is needed to establish new or improved programs for reducing air pollution.
Legislation is needed to fill in the gaps from our lack of strong privacy laws.
Legislation is needed to give farmers incentives to preserve or adapt historic barns.
Legislation is needed to recognize direct patient care in addition to professional consultations.
Legislation is needed to release liability from attaching to the new owner.
Legislation is needed.
Legislation is no substitute for character.
Legislation is now necessary.
Legislation is now pending making same-sex marriages legal.
Legislation is objective.
Legislation is often far behind reality.
Legislation is often obsolete by the time it is enacted.
Legislation is often the push needed to find innovative environmental solutions.
Legislation is on the agenda.
Legislation is one of the few tools available to large scale conservation but it requires specifics.
Legislation is only as effective as enforcement mechanisms.
Legislation is only one mode of governance.
Legislation is only the first step, as compliance and enforcement are always difficult to achieve.
Legislation is organised by subject and jurisdiction.
Legislation is passed by majority vote.
Legislation is passed by royal decree.
Legislation is passed in which funds are appropriated to implement the law.
Legislation is passed to control quality of the salt manufactured in the Onondaga area.
Legislation is pending for alternative providers and allied health providers under one omnibus bill.
Legislation is pending for the implementation of a program of further decentralization.
Legislation is pending in Illinois.
Legislation is pending in New Jersey and California.
Legislation is pending in other states and school districts.
Legislation is pending in several other states.
Legislation is pending in Texas.
Legislation is pending in the remaining.
Legislation is pending to create a body to monitor human rights in China.
Legislation is pending to increase the reimbursable areas.
Legislation is pending to make it worse.
Legislation is pending to reopen it.
Legislation is pending.
Legislation is piecemeal.
Legislation is proposed to comply with federal regulations.
Legislation is required to protect dark skies for everyone.
Legislation is required.
Legislation is still alive in Michigan, New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
Legislation is subject to change.
Legislation is sure to follow, imposing constraints on information management practices.
Legislation is the art of compromise.
Legislation is the best way.
Legislation is the enactment of new laws.
Legislation is the esoteric activity to be undertaken in Libra.
Legislation is the first requirement in the protection of heritage sites.
Legislation is the genetic code of society .
Legislation is the Genetic Code of Society .
Legislation is the legal fetish of the age.
Legislation is the only way it can be tackled effectively.
Legislation is the only way to address the growing trend of genetic discrimination.
Legislation is the primary source of law as opposed to case law or jurisprudence.
Legislation is the process of making laws.
Legislation is the source of all agency power.
Legislation is therefore unlikely to provide any solution within a short period of time.
Legislation is under consideration in Colorado and Wisconsin as well.
Legislation is varied, mainly in the criminal area.
Legislation is very important to prevent all kinds of violence against women.
Legislation is yet to clarify whether such agreement includes gender discriminatory customary laws.
Legislation looks at cell phone safety .
Legislation makes it easier for consumers to collect small claims court judgments.
Legislation makes statutory provision for the recovery of funds from students.
Legislation making English the official language of the state of Iowa appears to have died.
Legislation mandates staff increases, enacts punishments.
Legislation mandates that all salt, which is entirely imported, be iodized.
Legislation needs to be enacted to protect the retirement benefits of employees.
Legislation needs to be passed eliminating the non-declinable service fee.
Legislation never happens overnight.
Legislation now governs legal name changes.
Legislation now requires monthly reporting.
Legislation only codifies what is won in struggle.
Legislation only covers teething items which are intended to be chewed.
Legislation operates more broadly, extending to all actors within the legislature's jurisdiction.
Legislation ought to have precisely the same object in view.
Legislation permitting sales to state and local governments is desired.
Legislation piles up while membership goes down.
Legislation prohibits antiunion discrimination.
Legislation prohibits the establishment of private prisons or jails in Missouri.
Legislation promotes universality of access, health promotion, and primary health care.
Legislation proposed by the prince is drafted by the cabinent and voted upon by the council.
Legislation protecting in tellectual property rights is strong, but enforcement is weak.
Legislation protecting striking workers from dismissal is inadequate.
Legislation protects consumers, but it is so vague that no one dares to use it.
Legislation protects national parks so they can be passed intact to future generations.
Legislation Provides a listing of Acts.
Legislation provides for the original operator to be held liable if a closed site develops problems.
Legislation provides for transfer of interest, dividends, and capital.
Legislation provides roots, a sense of security and recognition of shared values.
Legislation provides strict penalties for establishments that sell alcohol to underage drinkers.
Legislation provides the largest boost for juvenile diabetes research funding in history.
Legislation recognizing same-sex partnerships is already in place in several countries.
Legislation reflects com- promise among competing interests.
Legislation reflects that.
Legislation regarding domestic violence is a modern phenomenon.
Legislation regarding fisheries and the fishing industry is included.
Legislation regarding public libraries in Nebraska is permissive.
Legislation regarding riverboat gambling, a hot issue in previous sessions, remains uncertain.
Legislation regulates the conflicting interests of citizens.
Legislation regulates the impact of business activities on the environment.
Legislation regulating the relations between spouses is a clear example.
Legislation related to special education is overviewed.
Legislation relates to releases of hazardous substances into the environment.
Legislation removes the burden of self-control from the individual, placing it on the state.
Legislation requires a majority vote to advance the project.
Legislation requires public hearings before any decisions are made or steps taken.
Legislation requires students to make a one year commitment to attend the nonresident district.
Legislation requires support by legislators.
Legislation requires that all schemes appoint a reporting accountant.
Legislation requires that MSDSs are kept for all hazardous substances.
Legislation requires that proof of identification be produced for investment transactions.
Legislation requires that they pay the full cost of education.
Legislation requires the District to review and, if necessary, revise the schedule each year.
Legislation requiring fencing does increase the percentage of pools that are fenced.
Legislation requiring school districts to do a safety audit is stalled in the legislature.
Legislation responds to crises or needs important enough to consider.
Legislation restricts both the good and the bad equally.
Legislation seeking to curb unsolicited email sparks industry concern.
Legislation simply provides the bare minimum an employee is entitled to.
Legislation squeezes drinking .
Legislation takes long.
Legislation takes place by appeal to power-conferring rules that form part of a legal institution.
Legislation tells judicial function how to adjudicate.
Legislation tends to numb the moral urge.
Legislation tends to produce things that are less flexible.
Legislation typically delegates policy implementation to a bureaucracy.
Legislation varies among states, but typically addresses both program issues as well as funding.
Legislation often passes or is struck down by one vote and no one blinks.
All legislation begins as an idea or concept.
All legislation begins as an idea.
All legislation concerning taxation and spending is evaluated and catalogued.
All legislation considered is listed.
All legislation is a form of a main motion.
All legislation is ok for tonight.
All legislation is published simultaneously in both languages.
All legislation is reproduced in both English and French.
All legislation provides for reform of current foreign ownership provisions.
All legislation requires consent of both houses of parliament.
All legislation starts off as an idea.
All legislation takes effect immediately unless specified otherwise within the legislation.
Any legislation is likely to meet stiff opposition.
More legislation is needed.
More legislation is on the way.
More legislation is passed in even years with elections.
Most legislation causes effects in and out of a territory.
Most legislation includes exceptions that limit protection.
Most legislation is introduced, assigned to a committee and never heard from again.
Most legislation is prospective.
Some legislation affects everyone in the state.
Some legislation is contemplated to make the amendments fully effective.
Some legislation is possible.
Some legislation is unabashedly two-faced.
A legislative act is an act
Legislative acts receive judicial review in an ad hoc constitutional council.
Every legislative act presupposes a diagnosis and a prognosis.
Legislative action begins in the form of resolutions, originating from the sources indicated below.
Legislative action depends on constituent interest.
Legislative action is also probable.
Legislative action is likely to begin as early as next week on the package of bills.
Legislative action is needed for such changes.
Legislative action is needed.
Legislative action is probable.
Legislative action is reasonable if the matter in issue is fairly debatable.
Legislative action is required to increase SERS annuity payments.
Legislative action is taken through the adoption of ordinances and resolutions.
Legislative action makes the act of hazing unlawful in Massachusetts.
Legislative actions are legal proceeding.
Legislative actions can impact families in their everyday lives.
Legislative activities continue in the interim period through special committees.
Legislative activity includes authorizations, re-authorizations, amendments and the like.
Legislative advocacy is priority one.
Legislative affairs are a major focus of the association.
Legislative aides have great influence and are often more knowledgeable about issues.
Legislative alerts track current developments on the topic.
Legislative approval is a common requirement in public sector collective bargaining.
Legislative approval is necessary to change county boundaries.
Legislative approval is necessary to spend that money, however.
Legislative approval is pending.
Legislative approval is required before the deal can proceed.
Legislative approval is required before the state can conclude such an agreement.
Legislative approval is required for such statements to be altered.
Legislative approval is required to implement the plan in Minnesota.
Legislative assistants are issue specialists.
Legislative auditors are the watchdogs of state government.
Legislative authority is exercised by the adoption and enactment of ordinances or resolutions.
Legislative authority is vested in the council.
Legislative authority is vested in the town meeting.
All legislative authority rests with the board of commissioners.
Legislative bargaining is also critical to gubernatorial success.
Many legislative battles challenge the title industry.
Legislative Bills Pending Ca.
A legislative body is an assembly
Legislative bodies can authorize the incentive for up to three years.
Legislative bodies conduct most of their work through their committees and the committee process.
Legislative bodies decide penalties for violating the laws they pass.
Legislative bodies meet annually in other states.
Legislative bodies pass one unfunded mandate after another.
Legislative bodies write laws to control emissions.
Every legislative body has informal practices and customs that can be as important as the rules.
Legislative business consumes the largest share of the senate's time.
Legislative business is only slightly more detailed.
Legislative calendar lists meetings.
Legislative change is needed.
Legislative change is slow and administratively expensive.
Legislative changes are necessary to bind subsequent purchasers.
Legislative committee considers dropping hospital growth control.
Legislative committee coordinates one monthly meeting.
Legislative committee proposes using driver's licenses to keep kids in school.
Legislative committees act upon petitions and make recommendations to plenary session.
Legislative committees are important when a.
Legislative committees are most likely to be attentive to short, concise remarks.
Legislative committees can obtain information to use for legislative purposes.
Legislative committees review the proposed budget.
Most legislative committees make it easy.
Legislative control is exercised instead through appointment, re-appointment and removal.
Legislative Coordinators are an integral part of our team structure.
Legislative days run synonymous with calendar days.
Legislative decisions are subject to referendum.
Legislative decisions limit judicial discretion.
Legislative details are a sticking point.
Legislative development is our most formidable friend or foe.
Legislative directives are the organization's current legislative priorities.
Legislative efforts aim to tackle rising incidence of disease.
Legislative efforts are no guarantee against police turning to federal court.
Legislative efforts focus on obtaining approval of the new narcotics law.
Legislative enactment waives any defect in the signature or petition requirements.
Most legislative entities have a bill status information office.
Legislative funding needs to be supplemented through grants and donations.
Legislative guardianship means that one person is the guardian of the others according to law.
Legislative histories are critically important in determining and interpreting legislative intent.
Legislative histories can be very time consuming to compile and read.
Legislative histories lead to primary documents that are related to a particular law.
Legislative history helps a court understand the context and purpose of a statute.
Legislative history is considered only persuasive legal authority.
Legislative history is frequently problematic.
Legislative history is irrelevant, even to resolve statutory ambiguity.
Legislative history is researched primarily for discerning legislative intent.
Legislative history is used for discovering sources of information about the legislative intent.
Legislative history reports .
Legislative history reports.
Legislative history supports our interpretation.
Legislative ideas originate in several ways.
Legislative inaction means that both the lobbyist and the congressman flourish.
Legislative information Find out about the latest legislation affecting health care.
Legislative Information Find out what is happening in the United States Congress.
Legislative information is both common and very useful on many state government sites.
Legislative information is organized in several directories and subdirectories.
Legislative information is searchable by subject.
Legislative Initiatives Be a voice for higher education in Missouri.
Legislative initiatives relating to the Farm Bill conservation programs are a major concern.
Legislative input is important.
Legislative intent controls the meaning of a statute.
Legislative intent is the controlling factor in statutory interpretation.
Legislative intent is the polestar in interpreting the meaning of a statute.
Legislative intent is the polestar of statutory construction.
Legislative intent is the preeminent consideration in construing a statute.
Legislative intent is the purpose of a bill or an act.
Legislative intent is to be determined by the words in the statute.
Legislative intent remains the polestar of statutory construction.
Legislative intent reveals two obvious elements of ch.
Legislative interns work in all areas of the office.
Legislative internships carry six hours of credit.
Legislative internships provide excellent educational experiences for our students.
Legislative issues are at the top of the agenda.
Legislative language is key.
Legislative leaders are in no mood to tangle with such a broad issue right now.
Legislative leaders ask details.
Legislative leaders can no longer build their expertise and strength over a period of years.
Legislative leaders continue to draw attention to weak state tax receipts.
Legislative leaders get extra pay.
Legislative leaders have a responsibility to guard the strength and integrity of the institution.
Legislative leaders know it and have shown it.
Legislative leaders oppose the idea, and the governor shows no enthusiasm.
Legislative leaders receive an extra stipend.
Legislative leaders say such a panel is unlikely because lawmakers want to retain the power.
Legislative leaders seem pleased.
Most legislative leaders ask details.
Legislative leadership is needed for the session.
Legislative leadership is needed to establish statewide fitting stations .
Legislative liaisons seem to be working well.
Legislative materials are also available in larger libraries throughout the state.
Legislative materials are available for most states.
All legislative measures are available via the internet.
Legislative members are eligible for reappointment.
Legislative members serve as voting, ex officio members.
Every legislative office enjoys natural light from one of six skylight-covered light courts.
Most legislative offices have adequate staff resources to respond only to their constituents.
Legislative order is a means to defend individual freedom.
Legislative oversight needs to know about outcomes and impacts on people.
Legislative panel recommends banning theory from textbooks.
Legislative passage is slated for next week and gubernatorial approval thereafter.
Legislative policy requires all prayers to be non-sectarian.
Legislative power earmarks economic means for the development of the school and of daily teaching.
Legislative power is divided between federal and state legislatures.
Legislative power is nondelegable.
Legislative power is the power to make law and to establish penalties for the violation of the law.
Legislative power is vested in a bicameral congress.
Legislative power is vested in both government and parliament.
Legislative power is vested in parliament, and the monarch has only nominal power.
Legislative power remains with national governments and parliaments.
Legislative power rests with parliament.
Legislative power See b. above.
Legislative powers affect the public generally.
Legislative prayer breakfasts, then, can be assumed constitutionally permissible, experts say.
Legislative procedures are due to be initiated before the summer break.
Legislative proposals concerning the region are very encouraging.
Legislative proposals consist of changes in law needed to better implement a core strategy.
Legislative proposals consist of proposed changes to law needed to better implement a core strategy.
Legislative protection is the most important form of respect.
Legislative races are more likely to be contested.
Legislative reform is one important step.
Legislative reform is therefore imperative.
Legislative reform is, however, one of several fronts on which change can occur.
Legislative remedies are few and far between.
Some legislative requirements apply to many agencies.
Legislative reviews are currently underway.
Legislative rules allow for opening religious invocations and other nonreligious acts.
Legislative rules assign each district to a geographic region of the state.
Legislative rules have the force of law.
Legislative schedules are subject to change.
Legislative seats are up for grabs.
Legislative sessions vary in our five states.
Any legislative session brings the promise of surprises.
Every legislative session begins with proposals that have little chance of passing.
Every legislative session produces additions and alterations in the existing criminal code.
Legislative sources say it was crushed by the governor's office.
Legislative staff are eager to provide important information for kids.
Legislative staff are encourage to attend in particular to attend.
All legislative staff meet regularly with constituent interest groups.
All legislative staff meet regularly with constituent interest-groups.
Legislative support is critical in advancing the needs of Alaska's adolescents.
Legislative support is needed for funding collaboration partnerships with other universities.
Legislative support is our insurance policy.
Legislative support is sufficient to operate a mediocre program.
Legislative supremacy is a conspicuous and key component of American government.
Legislative tactics are a two-way street.
Legislative term is five years.
Legislative testimony is also available.
Legislative theory explains why federal grants have never been used to equalize public services.
Legislative types like to work with their own ideas.
Legislative work done there by membership is called floor action .
Some legislative work is also possible.
A legislator is a lawmaker
A legislator is a politician
Legislator condemns American aid .
Legislator kicks off roots festival .
Legislator posts sex crime list .
Legislators acknowledge that the school funding issue is far from resolved.
Legislators actually make considerably less.
Legislators admit they learn how to manipulate some press members.
Legislators agree that impact means behavior change.
Legislators agree that more needs to be done to keep kids from coming into the system.
Legislators agree that the best way to meet nutrient requirements is through a good diet.
Legislators agree to delete all homeschooling proposals.
Legislators allow private companies to build and operate for-profit toll roads.
Legislators already have too much time to submit and consider stupid bills.
Legislators also appear to question the government's tactics.
Legislators also are interested in a prescription benefit for seniors.
Legislators appear to be seeking a compromise.
Legislators appear unlikely to turn away from school violence issues anytime soon.
Legislators appear willing to increase funding for public education.
Legislators appreciate a pat on the back.
Legislators appreciate constituents taking the time to share their views.
Legislators appreciate hearing from people who live and vote in their districts.
Legislators are able to purchase tickets for a discounted price at the taxpayer's expense.
Legislators are already in the process of reviewing the statutes.
Legislators are also likely to be more wary.
Legislators are also unhappy with the massive losses that the fund has recently posted.
Legislators are always eager to get extra money to play with.
Legislators are at their worst in the early-morning hours of the last day.
Legislators are bankrupt ethically to deny aid to legal residents.
Legislators are busy and schedules often change at the last minute.
Legislators are busy during the session, so short messages work well.
Legislators are busy people.
Legislators are chosen in a complicated process.
Legislators are concerned with their constituents who are our customers.
Legislators are elected for two-year terms.
Legislators are extremely busy people, especially during session.
Legislators are far more interested in hearing from constituents than anyone else.
Legislators are generally happy with seeing improvement over time.
Legislators are government leaders.
Legislators are home on Fridays.
Legislators are human.
Legislators are in a quandary.
Legislators are in fantasyland and offer no solutions on how to run schools.
Legislators are interested in seeing what their constituents do for the community.
Legislators are just people.
Legislators are largely critics.
Legislators are less likely to give a letter their time if little time was put into it.
Legislators are like fish.
Legislators are lukewarm to the idea, and have already watered the proposal down.
Legislators are more concerned about voters than lobbyists.
Legislators are more impressed with a personal letter.
Legislators are more responsive to their constituents.
Legislators are more willing to allocate funds for public mental health care services.
Legislators are now fine-tuning the bill before parliamentary debate begins.
Legislators are of course free to accept, modify or reject proposals that result from the process.
Legislators are officials who make laws or change existing ones in order to fix problems.
Legislators are often dedicated and conscientious.
Legislators are often part of a host committee or have some other role in supporting the event.
Legislators are only too pleased to claim that they have slowed growth.
Legislators are optimistic and feel that they are very close to reaching a budget agreement.
Legislators are part-time.
Legislators are people, too.
Legislators are politicians, no different in Florida than in other states.
Legislators are politicians.
Legislators are public officials.
Legislators are representative of their districts.
Legislators are responsible for the proper moral upbringing of the citizens of the polis.
Legislators are self-righteous and vindictive enough.
Legislators are state officers for purposes of the requirement.
Legislators are the ears and voice of the campus.
Legislators are the elected officials who pass or amend laws.
Legislators are to be commended for scheduling the hearings either at night or on the weekend.
Legislators are unlikely to pass agri disparagement laws before the jury renders a verdict.
Legislators are very busy people who are reluctant to devote time to interviews.
Legislators are very busy people, but meeting with constituents is one of their highest priorities.
Legislators are very busy.
Legislators are very interested on both sides of the isle.
Legislators are very sensitive to the issue of votes raw political votes.
Legislators are weary of legalizing something that carries so much political baggage.
Legislators are welcome to visit stations.
Legislators are without a budget bill as they enter another week of the wrap-up session.
Legislators are worried that the group is out to torpedo the lottery.
Legislators are, after all, the customer.
Legislators are, theoretically speaking of course, answerable to the people.
Legislators ask for all help.
Legislators break into subcommittees where they examine legislation more closely.
Legislators buckle down on seat belts .
Legislators can always flee into session.
Legislators can author op-ed pieces for publication in local newspapers.
Legislators can call themselves into special session with a two-thirds vote of the two bodies.
Legislators can develop laws and fund programs sympathetic to the goals of restorative justice.
Legislators can expect a detailed list as the governor has promised.
Legislators can feature information about the legislation on the legislator's web site.
Legislators can ignore or approve any part of it.
Legislators can include information about the proposal in newsletters to constituents.
Legislators can introduce bills, but none has ever done so.
Legislators can introduce other bills only with the consent of the chief executive.
Legislators can learn a valuable lesson from the results of the recent fourth grade exams.
Legislators can only do so much.
Legislators can override a veto by a two-thirds vote.
Legislators can put any issues they want on the agenda.
Legislators can request that certain groups or individuals be included.
Legislators can say that it's time for universities to tighten their belts and deal with less money.
Legislators can sign on to bills at two different times.
Legislators can tell who is paying attention.
Legislators can work towards making other peoples' lives easier.
Legislators care about what the public thinks.
Legislators claim the process takes too long and costs the federal government too much.
Legislators claims to the contrary are just rhetoric.
Legislators come from every walk of life.
Legislators consider one letter to be the voice of a hundred people.
Legislators consider vetoed bills when they return to Carson City at their next legislative session.
Legislators constantly change laws that make it difficult to get a pulse on how schools are doing.
Legislators constantly have contact with people that are lobbying for their own self interests.
Legislators continually struggle with a rapidly moving technological target.
Legislators continue their work on a final state budget.
Legislators continue to seek a solution.
Legislators continue to work on the budget in extended session.
Legislators count every contact they receive from one of their constituents as five votes.
Legislators create bills, which are proposed laws.
Legislators currently represent arbitrary, large, diverse districts.
Legislators cut travel to near nothing in the pas t as they wanted faculty in the classroom.
Legislators deal with literally thousands of bills, most outside their area of expertise.
Legislators debate over constitutionality of certain tax breaks.
Legislators depend on input from their constituents to learn about issues.
Legislators deserve to hear from their constituents.
Legislators develop expertise in a few subject areas through long service on a committee.
Legislators discount pre-printed form letters.
Legislators do almost anything they can to perpetuate their stay in office.
Legislators do have most of the budget bills moving.
Legislators do listen to community members.
Legislators do represent their districts first.
Legislators don t want to forge new ground or lag behind other states.
Legislators easily recognize the sky falling tactic of the inexperienced.
Legislators eat well on lobbyists' tab .
Legislators encourage that pursuit.
Legislators expect school finance to be next year's biggest issue.
Legislators expect their constituents to be forthright about their interests.
Legislators expect to approve the referendum swiftly.
Legislators expect to be called at home.
Legislators face another important test on disclosure.
Legislators get a surprisingly low number of contacts on the issues.
Legislators get new flag for Georgia .
Legislators get that opportunity on a seniority basis.
Legislators hate sex.
Legislators have a duty to ensure that the laws they make are legal and equitable.
Legislators have a long history of experience with line-item appropriations.
Legislators have a record, one that can be attacked.
Legislators have an opportunity to comment on a bill during the second and third reading.
Legislators have hectic and unpredictable demands on their time.
Legislators have limited ability to introduce bills.
Legislators have limited knowledge of the transfer process.
Legislators have limited time, staff and interest on any one issue.
Legislators have limited time, staff, and interest in any one issue.
Legislators have little time and many issues to sort through.
Legislators have no idea that libraries are enormous consumers of information and technology.
Legislators have no one to blame but themselves.
Legislators have no right to interfere with their own choices.
Legislators have no right to interfere.
Legislators have outside careers.
Legislators have parking.
Legislators have particular interests.
Legislators have plenty of time, however, to file more bills.
Legislators have power to regulate intrastate commerce.
Legislators have to be careful.
Legislators have to make a number of decisions which affect Minnesota s children.
Legislators have varying levels of technological sophistication.
Legislators hear complaints all the time.
Legislators hear it so many times that some start believing it.
Legislators hope to finish their budget work by the Memorial Day recess.
Legislators hostage to campaign contributors.
Legislators introduce a bill to protect endangered Texas bats.
Legislators introduce many bills each year - some die and some get passed.
Legislators introduce, examine, and vote on bills to pass official legislation.
Legislators join administrators for a luncheon, which finishes the two-day workshop.
Legislators keep talking about wanting to help Wisconsin farmers.
Legislators kill, revise or pass bills.
Legislators know how easy it is to send a message and weight email messages accordingly.
Legislators know that a single letter represents the opinion of many times more people.
Legislators know that both e-mail and telephones are used part of the time for personal reasons.
Legislators like to find compromises and no one was willing to compromise.
Legislators like to resolve judicial conflicts.
Legislators listen first and foremost to people in their districts.
Legislators listen to calls and letters from constituents, and plan their priorities accordingly.
Legislators listen to constituents who make the effort to talk.
Legislators listen to constituents.
Legislators listen to their constituents.
Legislators lobby each other.
Legislators look for facts on which to base decisions.
Legislators look out for their districts.
Legislators look to meet in a special summer session to redraw congressional district lines.
Legislators lose all power to legislate arbitrarily.
Legislators make a hefty salary.
Legislators make decisions every day that affect our lives.
Legislators make difficult choices with competing priorities and with finite resources available.
Legislators make law in consultation with citizens - where there's good democratic governance.
Legislators make the law.
Legislators meet in special session beginning tomorrow to discuss the tax situation.
Legislators move to ban international shark finning.
Legislators move toward using revenues previously earmarked for the wealthy ownership group.
Legislators note organizations that media quote.
Legislators now have to agree on a common version.
Legislators occupy a unique position within state government.
Legislators only have to vote for the tax increase in the bill one time.
Legislators only respond to people from their specific territories.
Legislators only toss the people a bone now and then to quiet down the annoyance from time to time.
Legislators operate without a staff.
Legislators ought to heed the court's message here.
Legislators ought to push for it.
Legislators ought to set things right when they return next month.
Legislators ought to stop trying to end run the voters.
Legislators pander to what they think the public wants to hear.
Legislators pass laws and change others to correct problems or to do certain activities.
Legislators pass laws with the goal of changing the behavior of ordinary people.
Legislators pay attention to contact they receive from their constituents.
Legislators pay attention to letters, e-mails, and phone calls from their constituents.
Legislators pay closer attention to letters from their district than from outside.
Legislators pay most attention to their constituents.
Legislators proposes legalizing production of hemp in Missouri.
Legislators quickly respond in an effort to ingratiate themselves with the industry's deep pockets.
Legislators read constituents' letters.
Legislators read the local newspaper, particularly the editorial page.
Legislators read to students during school visits.
Legislators really do listen to their constituents.
Legislators really do want to hear from their constituents.
Legislators receive a daily allowance during the scheduled days of the session.
Legislators receive a great deal of mail.
Legislators receive additional allowances for stationery, postage, travel, and telephone use.
Legislators receive an annual allowance for secretarial services, stationery and postage.
Legislators receive per diem and expenses for the duration of a special session.
Legislators receive two full tax exemptions on imported vehicles.
Legislators refuse to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment despite protests in Springfield.
Legislators rely chiefly on staff for depth anyhow.
Legislators rely on letters to find out what the people back home are thinking.
Legislators remember that experience.
Legislators remember who they hear from.
Legislators respond best to requests from people in their own districts.
Legislators respond better to their constituents than to resident lobbyists.
Legislators respond more readily to issues that are important to their constituencies.
Legislators respond to constituents.
Legislators respond to persistent and persuasive advocacy.
Legislators respond to stories that touch their hearts.
Legislators respond, and so do many school administrators.
Legislators review bills and develop laws to control animal introductions here.
Legislators revolve, too.
Legislators sacrifice the happiness of their people for overflowing bank accounts.
Legislators say how to pay for the bond issue has yet to be agreed upon.
Legislators say it's a matter of quality.
Legislators say that phone calls and letters carry equal weight.
Legislators say that s because parents don t want the law changed.
Legislators say the change came at the request of law enforcement.
Legislators say they are lowering their sights.
Legislators say, however, that the governor's criticisms are misplaced.
Legislators schedule time to meet with constituents.
Legislators seek certainty.
Legislators seek our guidance as they debate and evaluate public policy on transportation.
Legislators seem inclined to go along.
Legislators seem to think it means an end to any minority-based program.
Legislators serve at the pleasure of Indiana residents.
Legislators serve for two-year terms.
Legislators serving during that session still remember the events.
Legislators share their reactions afterwards.
Legislators share their views, and a morning of workshops and briefings closes with lunch.
Legislators shirk their duty when they cut taxes and then initiate a lottery as a substitute.
Legislators spend a lot of time debating and refining tax law.
Legislators spend most of each day in meetings.
Legislators talk a lot about that, that stability.
Legislators tend to be more responsive to calls from constituents in their districts.
Legislators tend to spend more time in DC than they do at home in their district.
Legislators understand that abortion is an elective procedure.
Legislators use census data in the preparation and evaluation of new laws.
Legislators use the data in the preparation and evaluation of new laws.
Legislators use the phrase in conversation as if it is a given.
Legislators use their local directories to facilitate calling constituents in their home districts.
Legislators voluntarily seek election.
Legislators vote hundreds and hundreds of times every session.
Legislators vote on arts issues knowing that their constituents believe the arts are important.
Legislators vow to ax public TV funds.
Legislators welcome such feedback.
Legislators welcome visits from constituents.
Legislators wrestle with the prospect of higher cable rates when the industry is deregulated.
Legislators write and enact the insurance laws.
Legislators write laws to punish sexual misconduct, and courts apply their laws.
Legislators always deserve first credit since their votes decided the issue.
Legislators always have time to hear from registered voters in their districts.
Legislators frequently have a say in the regulatory process through their oversight activities.
Legislators frequently push through spending bills benefiting their own states and districts.
Legislators often base their votes on the amount of calls they receive.
Legislators often work detached from the actual process of implementation.
Legislators sometimes change their mind.
Legislators sometimes have little grasp of the impact of laws they are considering.
Legislators sometimes warn one another if they plan to amend each other's bills.
Legislators usually assume that the law affects women and men equally, but the reality is different.
Legislators usually pick up their hotline messages twice a day.
All legislators appreciate hearing form their constituents.
All legislators are sensitive to grass-roots opinion.
All legislators enjoy the publicity.
All legislators have an assigned email address.
All legislators have one or more district office.
All legislators have one vote, so in that respect they are equal and equally important.
All legislators serve two year terms and are elected in even numbered years.
Every legislator can then pick a spokesperson.
Every legislator considers a large number of bills on a wide range of subjects.
Every legislator has a constituency and a vast array of issues that they are sympathetic to.
Every legislator has, once a year, a state paid newsletter.
Every legislator is interested in grassroots opinion.
Every legislator is sensitive to grass roots opinion.
Every legislator is sensitive to grassroots opinion.
Every legislator knows it, but is afraid to say so.
Every legislator serves on several committees.
Many legislators admit the switch was unpopular among their constituents.
Many legislators agree.
Many legislators also have toll free numbers for use by their constituents.
Many legislators appreciate personal visits or telephone calls.
Many legislators are likely to continue to oppose any spending for a new ballpark.
Many legislators are openly hostile to the initiative process.
Many legislators are reluctant to vote for permanent tax cuts.
Many legislators are supportive of scenic conservation.
Many legislators believe the state's so-called water czar has nearly unchecked authority.
Many legislators contend the freebies have no undue influence on their voting.
Many legislators don t appreciate the subtle importance of it.
Many legislators feel it is time to give property tax revenues back to local government.
Many legislators feel that it makes no sense for the state to own only part of the power grid.
Many legislators find early morning breakfast meetings a convenient time to meet with constituents.
Many legislators have concerns over a possible boycott being made against Georgia.
Many legislators have their own home pages available through the internet.
Many legislators hold meetings before each session to ask what the locals want.
Many legislators host town hall meetings throughout the year.
Many legislators know by now how they intend to vote.
Many legislators know little or nothing about our sport.
Many legislators like to keep their options open.
Many legislators make decisions about gambling without adequately consulting citizens.
Many legislators now understand that many hospitals and the people they serve are facing a crisis.
Many legislators prefer reducing the top bracket rate and raising the exemption.
Many legislators recognize it.
Many legislators reimburse their benefactors for some or all of the costs.
Many legislators rely heavily on their staff's advice.
Many legislators see nothing wrong with hiring anyone with a bachelor s degree.
Many legislators share a common fax.
Many legislators take their oath seriously.
Many legislators view higher education as unproductive and unaccountable.
Most legislators agree on key objectives for their state's higher education efforts.
Most legislators agree.
Most legislators are eager to meet with their constituents.
Most legislators are honest, but come with very little understanding of the needs of the public.
Most legislators are incapable of eating breakfast without the help of several aides.
Most legislators are remarkably open-minded.
Most legislators are willing to compromise, accepting some bad provisions for a greater good.
Most legislators come from urban areas, which have large school districts and student population.
Most legislators have a group of physicians they consult with regularly on health-related issues.
Most legislators have many demands on their time.
Most legislators have office hours in their home districts.
Most legislators have some printed materials that they send to their constituents.
Most legislators oppose any such legislation.
Most legislators receive calls at home.
Most legislators rely heavily on their staff for information and guidance on what position to take.
Most legislators say no serious abuses are taking place.
Most legislators send their children to the new, private academies that have proven profitable.
Some legislators agree and have been shedding their holdings.
Some legislators also bristle at the secrecy written into the law.
Some legislators appear ill-prepared to do so.
Some legislators are already aware of the problem.
Some legislators are critical of the press for being too free, too liberal in their reports.
Some legislators are critical.
Some legislators are less than impressed by the government's explanation, however.
Some legislators are skeptical of a freeze in land values.
Some legislators are worried about that.
Some legislators believe the state has an obligation to pay the agency s subcontractors.
Some Legislators claim they have kept funding in pace with inflation.
Some legislators continue to push to list the mourning dove as a game bird to be hunted.
Some legislators do have their own personal computers and have e- mail addresses.
Some legislators even instruct their staff to discard anything from well-beyond their district.
Some legislators grumble over federal ag subsidies paid to corporate farms.
Some legislators have a lot to learn.
Some legislators have access to privately owned computer equipment and have e-mail addresses.
Some legislators have no respect for the Second Amendment.
Some Legislators have public meetings around their state or district.
Some legislators mistakenly believe that CUSS is comprised of management.
Some legislators offer a bill to correct that situation.
Some legislators oppose using bonds to finance projects.
Some legislators receive money for daily lodging and meals when they travel.
Some legislators refuse to accept any gifts.
Some legislators regard bonding and borrowing as deficit spending.
Some legislators return to their district offices on weekends while they are in session.
Some legislators say nearly as much.
Some legislators say six months is too long to wait.
Some legislators say that the debate has gone on long enough.
Some legislators say the stay was a sign that the court has grown too liberal.
Some legislators say they've grown too.
Some legislators sucker others into introducing bills on their behalf.
Some legislators suggest that a protracted budget means a better budget.
Some legislators tend to rank votes above ethics when making decisions.
Some legislators there think Minnesota is getting the short end of the deal.
Some legislators think all it requires is passage of a driver education course.
Some legislators think the solution involves some kind of tax increase.
Some legislators think the solution is to frighten away bettors and intimidate operators.
A legislature is an assembly
Legislature acts to protect bison within the state.
Legislature again expels newly elected blacks.
Legislature appropriates funds for tuition waivers.
Legislature approves homestead exemption for blacks and housekeepers.
Legislature approves the award.
Legislature authorizes the building of a chapel at the penitentiary.
Legislature calls itself to order.
Legislature can consider at later date.
Legislature changes health insurance regs for Wyoming .
Legislature considers repealing a gag rule on lawyers.
Legislature consistently defeats lifesaving legislation.
Legislature creates primary election system.
Legislature discusses funding for branch.
Legislature enacts law taxing migratory stock from adjoining States.
Legislature enacts state wagon roads to connect north and south Idaho.
Legislature enacts the Youth Violence Reduction Act.
Legislature enters the final week with a major gap in the state's budget.
Legislature fails to pass new real estate laws.
Legislature gives board power to add principal hiring requirements.
Legislature has ultimate authority to remove ad valorem property tax exemption on Pensacola Beach.
Legislature holds preliminary sessions and forms committees.
Legislature is required in order to regulate the electronic environment.
Legislature is simple.
Legislature is used for personal motives and character assasination.
Legislature makes assisted suicide illegal, except to relieve pain and suffering.
Legislature makes, judges interpret and apply, executive enforces the law.
Legislature mandates budget cuts .
Legislature mandates electric deregulation study .
Legislature now provides for two ways in which working parents can take time off.
Legislature passes budget.
Legislature passes conservation bills.
Legislature passes the first law in the nation to eliminate all legal discrimination against women.
Legislature prepares to open special session in which to nullify a longshot Democratic victory.
Legislature provides new librarian and funds to replace lost books.
Legislature repeatedly defeats lifesaving legislation.
Legislature repeatedly fails to enact lifesaving anti-DUI legislation.
Legislature responds by exempting school buildings from the code.
Legislature takes action on the proposed budget and enacts appropriations legislation.
Legislatures are assemblies.
Legislatures are complicated human institutions.
Legislatures are fiercely political places.
Legislatures are hives of activity, each bee creating as much buzz as possible to ensure reelection.
Legislatures are houses of debate.
Legislatures are like that.
Legislatures are loathe to impose such regulations on constituencies.
Legislatures are party chambers.
Legislatures are thoroughly political bodies.
Legislatures authorize funding for upgrade, preservation and historical restoration.
Legislatures can resolve conflicts by letting each individual make the choice.
Legislatures formulate laws.
Legislatures have no business micro-managing surgical technique.
Legislatures have no right to set up an inquisition, and examine into the private opinions of men.
Legislatures have the power to make laws.
Legislatures keep trying to fix things with new laws.
Legislatures mostly react to proposals.
Legislatures present a natural focus for assistance.
Legislatures run by strong party leaders can be both democratic and efficient.
Legislatures think the budget is too lean.
Legislatures work amazingly well representing our very pluralistic interests.
Many legislatures also have a counting board on one wall of the chamber.
Many legislatures have rules about what can be distributed outside of the mail to members.
Most legislatures focus on the undergraduate student when looking at performance budgeting.
Most legislatures have a seating chart of the floor.
Most legislatures have two chambers or houses, a 'lower house' and an 'upper house'.
Most legislatures publish pending legislation and interactive tools online.
Some legislatures require any juvenile, regardless of age, to be transferred for certain offenses.
Legitimacies are all relative.
Legitimacy conforms to force, and righteousness accommodates the powerful's goals.
Legitimacy is a big question.
Legitimacy is a clear test.
Legitimacy is a legal term, or construct, that is held by many legal systems throughout the world.
Legitimacy is also an image that is built through marketing and public relations.
Legitimacy is another thing entirely.
Legitimacy is both a normative and empirical concept in political science.
Legitimacy is crucial for the operation of government, and for the survival of the political system.
Legitimacy is established.
Legitimacy is harder to come by in ultrarunning than in almost any other sport.
Legitimacy is indespensible.
Legitimacy is part of the social contract that convinces people to trust enough to obey laws.
Legitimacy is procedural fairness.
Legitimacy is quality
Legitimacy is the belief of the populace and the elites that rule is proper and valid.
Legitimacy is the central concern of all parties directly involved in a conflict.
Legitimacy is the difference between a State and an organized crime syndicate.
Legitimacy is the foundation of civil peace and the order that is maintained by the rule of law.
Legitimacy is the key.
Legitimacy is the popular acceptance by the population of the leadership's right to rule.
Legitimacy is undermined in the absence of effectiveness.
Legitimacy refers to how fairly the legal system is perceived.
Legitimacy remains the main problem for the government, having assumed power in a coup.
Legitimacy requires they eat their own cooking.
Legitimacy takes time.
Legitimate accesses are no problem.
Most legitimate agencies make money only by taking a commission from their models' work.
Most legitimate agencies make money only by taking a commission from their talents' work.
Legitimate agents earn their money by selling marketable material to publishers.
Legitimate agents handle theater.
Legitimate agents make their money from commissions on sales.
Legitimate agents work on a commission.
Legitimate ambition is an honorable trait.
All legitimate applications are free as is the information about financial aid.
Legitimate authority has to be accepted as such.
Legitimate authority requires sanctions by customs, law, constitution or morality.
Legitimate businesses appreciate feedback.
Legitimate businesses are often happy to quote real prices over the phone.
Legitimate businesses give people time to make up their minds.
Legitimate businesses identify themselves clearly in the email headers.
Legitimate businesses suffer a competitive disadvantage when they compete with scofflaw employers.
Legitimate businesses threaten our email system with their misguided marketing efforts.
Legitimate businesses threaten our e-mail system with their misguided marketing efforts.
All legitimate businesses rely on voluntary purchases from their customers.
Legitimate businessmen say the only way they can enforce a contract is to turn to a krysha.
Legitimate callers have nothing to hide.
Legitimate chance exists to hit financial jackpot.
Legitimate charities welcome gifts given at a later date.
Most legitimate charities rely on modest contributions from a substantial number of contributors.
Legitimate commerce is just about dead, killed by the Yugoslav embrace.
Legitimate companies account for investors' money at all times.
Legitimate companies are always glad to send information about what they are offering.
Legitimate companies are always glad to send information about what they're offering.
Legitimate companies are willing to send written information about their products and services.
Legitimate companies don t pressure people to act without time to look into a deal.
Legitimate companies don t pressure people to act without time to look into the deal.
Most legitimate companies require only a percentage of the cost up front.
Legitimate complaints help everybody in the marketplace.
Legitimate concern differs from worry.
Legitimate concerns arise regarding possible public confusion and fraud.
Many legitimate contests charge a fee to cover processing expenses.
Legitimate dealers can take steps to protect their businesses from piracy.
Legitimate defenses exist within the mechanism of injury defense.
Most legitimate developers enlist a team-based approach to strategic web site development.
Legitimate directories find subjects from contacts rather than lists.
Legitimate emails go unanswered.
Legitimate employment offers.
Legitimate exchanges are conversations, suggestions, negotiations or commands.
Legitimate excuses result from student illness or accidents, family emergencies, etc.
Legitimate expectations can arise from past conduct.
All legitimate expenses are reimbursable.
Legitimate exposure protects a persons freedom of religion.
Legitimate facilities encourage prospective owners to visit.
Legitimate fears relate to the potential conduct of a specifically volatile employee.
Legitimate groups elect a leader.
Any legitimate jeweler takes credit cards.
Every legitimate job is a high calling.
Legitimate journals check their sources.
Legitimate lawsuits have an important place in our society and are protected by the Constitution.
Legitimate lenders charge points to borrowers who wish to buy down the interest rate on the loan.
Legitimate merchandise has to have a collegiate licensed product sticker or hang tag on it.
Legitimate middlemen confust the issue.
Legitimate newcomers deserve the same chance.
All legitimate organizations are welcome to submit their sites.
Any legitimate path is an acceptable value.
Legitimate people know that it takes time to review a contract.
Legitimate photographers ought to be able to do their job.
Legitimate power is a result of the position a person holds in the organization hierarchy.
Legitimate power is related to position in a social system or in an organization.
Legitimate protest is one thing.
Legitimate protests are regrettably too often the prelude to violence.
Legitimate protesters use peaceful means to convey their message.
Most legitimate psychics are people who honor a nondisclosure.
Any legitimate purpose can support a tax.
Legitimate questions are specifically about the work and about the candidate's ability to do it.
Legitimate questions call for investigation and response.
Legitimate reasons are limited to debilitating illness or important emergencies.
Legitimate reasons exists to at least question the practice of using industrial waste in fertilizer.
Legitimate recruiters receive fees from the company that is conducting the search.
Legitimate reform is accomplished by education, persuasion, and negotiation.
Legitimate rights are easy to recognize.
Legitimate scholarship offers never require payment of any kind.
Legitimate science makes no such claims.
Legitimate scientists share their knowledge so that their peers can review their data.
Most legitimate services are free or available for a minimal fee.
Legitimate shooters are all law-abiding citizens.
Legitimate sorbets consist only of pureed fruit, a sweetener, and water.
Legitimate stars do come out at night.
Every legitimate study indicates exercise is an essential component of good health.
Legitimate surfers conduct multiple searches on different criteria most of the time.
Legitimate tools can quickly spread into the black marketplace.
Legitimate users can always request that their access be reestablished.
Any legitimate user can gain a new set of tickets by running the 'kinit' program.
Legitimate vendors can use the Web to deliver products cheaply.
Legitimate warfare is described here in defensive terms.
All legitimate warnings give a web link to specific virus information.
Legitimate weeping is an expression of emotion in the soul.
Legless larvae hatch out in about four days.
A legless lizard is a lizard
Legless lizards are common at the conference center in sandhills habitats.
Legless lizards look like snakes because of their tiny legs.
Lego robots are fun to watch, and even more fun to build and program.
Legume families have ability.
Legume families have flowers.
Most legume families have ability.
Most legume families have flowers.
Some legume families consist of plants.
Legume hay has proteins.
Legume plants form roots.
A legume is a climber
A legume is a herb
Legume cover crop include red clover, hairy vetch and sweetclovers.
Legume cover crops add nitrogen to the soil, providing a low-cost fertilizer for grain crops.
Legume cover crops and terracing are used.
Legume cover crops as a nitrogen source for pecan.
Legume cover crops fix atmospheric nitrogen into a form plants and microorganisms can use.
Legume cover crops in annual cropping systems.
Legume cover crops, alternate rows annually.
Legume cover crops-cotton relay cropping systems.
Legume isa climber.
Legume isa herb.
Legume lectins- a large family of homologous proteins.
Legume stands can provide large amounts of N for corn production.
Legume valves straight.
Legumes absorb other flavors, so spices can really perk up a bean dish.
Legumes add nitrogen to poor soil.
Legumes add soluble fiber.
Legumes also contain bioflavanoids and other polyphenols that act as antioxidants.
Legumes also fix nitrogen from the air, which adds nitrogen to the soil.
Legumes also grow best in well-limed soil.
Legumes also have little or no fat and are an inexpensive source of vitamins and other nutrients.
Legumes also provide complex carbohydrates and dietary fibre.
Legumes also provide protein and can be used in place of meat.
Legumes also provide shade, timber, firewood and windbreaks.
Legumes alsoprovide organic matter to the soil as well as providing cover to reduce soil erosion.
Legumes appear to be particularly important in the diet of juveniles.
Legumes are a critically important functional group in ecosystems.
Legumes are a crucial source of protein for humans and forage food for animals.
Legumes are a favored host.
Legumes are a good source of protein and fiber.
Legumes are a group of angiosperms which have fleshy cotyledons.
Legumes are a mainstay on every restaurant menu and in every Tuscan home kitchen.
Legumes are a powerful weight-loss super food.
Legumes are a species of plant that convert nitrogen back into the soil.
Legumes are a useful plant to be used in crop rotations for two reasons.
Legumes are accumulators of minerals.
Legumes are almost never choice dove foods although doves do eat peanuts, peas.
Legumes are also an excellent source of B vitamins, as well as iron, potassium and calcium.
Legumes are also good sources of iron and folate, and some beans are also good sources of calcium.
Legumes are also good sources of protein, particularly when combined with grains.
Legumes are also high in dietary fibers, low in saturated fat, and cholesterol free.
Legumes are also visible.
Legumes are among the most nutritious of foods.
Legumes are an excellent source of fiber and protein.
Legumes are an exception because they can also fix nitrogen from the air.
Legumes are an important rotation crop because of their nitrogen-fixing property.
Legumes are an important source of protein for humans.
Legumes are another forage species commonly seeded on the prairies.
Legumes are as varied as the clover to the mimosa tree yet they share some basic characteristics.
Legumes are cardio-protective in several ways.
Legumes are climbers.
Legumes are defined as members of the bean family.
Legumes are different types of beans such as lentils, kidney beans, navy beans and black beans.
Legumes are dry beans and peas.
Legumes are edible seeds enclosed in pods.
Legumes are especially high in calcium, but cereal straws are low.
Legumes are especially useful for low-input agriculture scenarios.
Legumes are excellent green manure because they have high levels of nitrogen.
Legumes are fairly sensitive to boron deficiency.
Legumes are fine as long as they're cooked properly.
Legumes are fruit.
Legumes are full of soluble fiber and other components that lower cholesterol.
Legumes are generally of higher quality than grasses and timeliness of harvest is essential.
Legumes are great baby food in limited quantity.
Legumes are great protein sources and contain many other important ingredients as well.
Legumes are great sources of fat, protein and carbohydrates.
Legumes are great sources of protein and fiber.
Legumes are herbs.
Legumes are high in complex carbohydrates and low in fat.
Legumes are high in protein and calcium content, which cause nutrient imbalances.
Legumes are high in protein, but soybeans supply all of the essential amino acids needed for health.
Legumes are high in soluble fiber, helping to lower blood levels of cholesterol.
Legumes are high protein vegetables.
Legumes are higher than grasses in potassium.
Legumes are important green manures for any organic farms.
Legumes are just about a perfect addition to the diet of anyone whose goal is healthy eating.
Legumes are linked with various health benefits.
Legumes are low in calories and sodium.
Legumes are low in cost, high in nutritive value, and contribute iron and B vitamins to the diet.
Legumes are more than just an efficient influx of nitrogen into the nutrient cycle of the pasture.
Legumes are most famous for their protein content.
Legumes are necessary to provide brood-rearing habitat for quail, as well as forage for rabbits.
Legumes are part of legumes.
Legumes are particularly effective when combined with a program of well timed mowing or grazing.
Legumes are particularly rich in proteins and minerals.
Legumes are plants that have nitrogen-fixing bacteria on their roots.
Legumes are plants with flowers like the sweet pea and produce their seeds in pods.
Legumes are pods.
Legumes are poor man's meat.
Legumes are rich in calcium and require less calcium supplementation than grasses.
Legumes are rich in protein and low in fat.
Legumes are rich in protein.
Legumes are sensitive to nitrate level in the soil.
Legumes are sometimes difficult to maintain in a fescue sod.
Legumes are specific.
Legumes are the only important agricultural families that have synbiotic N-fixing bacteria.
Legumes are the preferred host plant of the velvetbean caterpillar.
Legumes are the system of choice for study of both rhizobial and mycorrhizal symbioses.
Legumes are typical of that type of plant.
Legumes are usually an important part of the flora.
Legumes are valuable in pastures because they increase the protein content of the forage.
Legumes are vegetables.
Legumes are very beneficial because they help replace nitrogen in the soil.
Legumes are wonderful sources of protein, carbohydrates, B-complex vitamins, vitamin C and minerals.
Legumes attract aphids.
Legumes being studied include peas, chickpeas and fababeans.
Legumes break down fairly quickly when turned into soil or composted.
Legumes break down quickly, and the nitrogen is released into the soil as nitrates.
Legumes can add nitrogen to the soil.
Legumes can become infected with nitrogen-fixing bacteria known as rhizobia.
Legumes can contribute much greater levels of nitrogen.
Legumes can improve orchard soils in a number of ways.
Legumes can use manure nitrogen.
Legumes combined with grains or grasses provide excellent green manures.
Legumes come in a variety of beautiful colors and shapes.
Legumes come in a variety of forms.
Legumes come in a wide variety to satisfy individual preferences.
Legumes come in many sizes, shapes and colors.
Legumes contain about twice the protein level of grasses.
Legumes contain approximately twice the protein levels of grass.
Legumes contain beans.
Legumes contain complex sugar.
Legumes contain many healthy nutrients, such as protein.
Legumes contain more fiber than any other type of food.
Legumes contain more protein and calcium than grass.
Legumes contain nitrogen-fixing bacteria in their root nodules.
Legumes contain phytoestrogens.
Legumes contain seeds, such as peas and beans, that are rich in protein.
Legumes contain substances.
Legumes contain sugar.
Legumes contain very little fat and no cholesterol.
Legumes continue to branch and enlarge and eventually flower.
Legumes convert atmospheric nitrogen to usable ammonia nitrogen for the plant.
Legumes depend on nodule growth for their nitrogen supply.
Legumes do well in biologically active soils, and also act to build biologically active soils.
Legumes emerge with two leaf-like structures.
Legumes enhance the acceptability, digestibility and palatability of the pasture.
Legumes enhance the acceptability, digestibility, and palatability of the pasture.
Legumes fix nitrogen and provide higher quality protein.
Legumes fix nitrogen, which can be used by the grass.
Legumes fix their own nitrogen from the atmosphere a.
Legumes form a major source of protein in the Indian diet.
Legumes form a symbiotic relationship with soil dwelling bacteria that can fixate nitrogen.
Legumes form an integral part of the vegetarian meal.
Legumes generally prefer neutral to slightly alkaline soils.
Legumes grow from the carpel, the female reproductive part of a plant.
Legumes grow in most parts of the world.
Legumes have (part) cell membranes.
Legumes have (part) cells.
Legumes have (part) corpi.
Legumes have (part) cytoplasm.
Legumes have (part) nuclei.
Legumes have (part) plasma membranes.
Legumes have (part) sections.
Legumes have (part) vacuoles.
Legumes have (part) vegetables.
Legumes have a tap root system.
Legumes have an ability to fix nitrogen from the atmosphere.
Legumes have compound leaves and produce seeds contained in dry pods.
Legumes have nitrogen.
Legumes have perfect flowers.
Legumes have tap roots and therefore usually root deeper than grasses.
Legumes have the capacity to fix large amounts of nitrogen.
Legumes help to fix nitrogen in the soil.
Legumes host rhizobial bacteria that form nodules on the plant roots.
Legumes improve land fertility having phytosanitarian effects.
Legumes include beans.
Legumes includes information on different animal health issues related to pasture legumes.
Legumes includes plants such as clover, peas, beans.
Legumes increase soil fertility as they decompose, thus releasing the stored nitrogen.
Legumes leave the sward because of shading.
Legumes live in a symbiotic relationship with bacteria in structures called nodules on their roots.
Legumes protect the soil and add nitrogen and organic matter.
Legumes provide excellent soil cover and substantial nitrogen when used as green manure crops.
Legumes provide protein to promote hair growth and also contain iron, zinc , and biotin.
Legumes provide seeds and forage and attract insects.
Legumes provide the best source of concentrated protein in the plant kingdom.
Legumes really make a big difference.
Legumes really make a difference.
Legumes reduce inflammation generally throughout the body.
Legumes require high lime fertilizer levels.
Legumes require neutral to alkaline soil for maximum N fixation by nodule bacteria.
Legumes seem to be a big dream maker.
Legumes serve as soil builders by improving soil tilth.
Legumes show highest diversity in the tropics of Africa and South America.
Legumes suffer less root damage from frost heaving when they are planted with a grass.
Legumes take nitrogen from the air and fix it in the soil.
Legumes take nitrogen from the air and store it in nodules on their roots.
Legumes take nitrogen into their roots from the air.
Legumes tend to be higher in protein, energy, calcium and vitamin A than grass hays.
Legumes tend to be more nutrient-dense than grasses.
Legumes tend to mature in late spring, often with a healthy mixture of various weeds.
Legumes tested include alfalfa, red clover and birdsfoot trefoil.
Legumes work well when mixed with a grass crop.
Legumes usually have a higher nutrient concentration and greater intake potential than grasses.
All legumes are seeds that grow within pods.
All legumes have netlike venation.
All legumes have the ability to fix atmospheric nitrogen in their root system.
All legumes have the capacity to fix their own nitrogen.
All legumes readily respond to phosphorus fertilization.
Any legume has the ability to fix nitrogen from the atmosphere.
Many legumes also fix enough nitrogen to supply some nitrogen for succeeding crops.
Many legumes are beans.
Many legumes are important crops including soy beans, peas and beans.
Many legumes harbor colonies of nitrogen-fixing bacteria in their roots.
Most legumes attract aphids.
Most legumes contain beans.
Most legumes contain complex sugar.
Most legumes contain substances.
Most legumes contain sugar.
Most legumes have nitrogen.
Most legumes undergo epigeal emergence.
Some legumes are better at fixing nitrogen than others.
Some legumes contain acid.
Some legumes contain compounds.
Some legumes contain oil.
Some legumes contain seeds.
Some legumes fix nitrogen.
Some legumes have audiences.
Some legumes have computers.
Some legumes have flowers.
Some legumes have properties.
Some legumes have specific soil drainage, lime and fertility preferences.
Some legumes help constipation.
Some legumes interfere with reproduction.
Some legumes produce biomass.
Some legumes produce nitrogen.
Some legumes provide fix nitrogen.
Some legumes provide nitrogen.
Some legumes reduce absorption.
Some legumes reduce zinc absorption.
Leguminous forages add nitrogen to soil.
A leguminous plant is a climber
A leguminous plant is a herb
Leguminous plants increase sycamore growth in northern Alabama.
Many leguminous plants are important crops.
Lehman approval adds evidence to the system's capability.
Lei netting is a tube of platic netting, generally stretchy and available in a variety of colors.
A lei is a floral arrangement
Leis are mandatory tournament wear and the vibe seems to be nothin' but family fun.
Leis are necklaces.
Leis are perfect for nearly every special occasion from graduation day to the wedding day.
Leis are television stations.
Leis welcome, no wreaths.
Leicestershire isa thing.
A leiomyoma is myoma
Leiomyoma is the commonest symptomatic benign lesion.
Leiomyomas are benign tumors composed of smooth muscle frequently found in the stomach and uterus.
Leiomyomas are benign tumors of smooth muscle tissue.
Leiomyomas are myoma.
Leiomyomas are the most common benign tumors of the esophagus.
Leiomyomas are usually benign.
Leiomyomas occur in middle-aged women and are the most common uterine neoplasm.
Most leiomyomas occur in the uterus, so-called fibroids.
Some leiomyomas do have malignant potential.
A leiomyosarcoma is sarcoma
Leiomyosarcomas are malignant tumors which develop from smooth muscle tissue.
Leiomyosarcomas are much less common. .
Leishmania parasites are complex organisms containing approx.
Leishmania vectors are free from their own monogenetic parasites.
Leishmanial disease occurs on every continent except Australia and Antarctica.
Leishmanial organisms abound in the lesions.
Leisure activities abound in every form of sport, from snorkeling and diving to fishing and surfing.
Leisure activities abound with boating, bicycling, swimming, and shopping being the most popular.
Leisure activities are a necessary part of a satisfying and healthy lifestyle.
Leisure activities are a significant component of elderly patient's lives.
Leisure activities are abundant in our thriving city.
Leisure activities are both cultural and recreational.
Leisure activities are fundamental to a community's health and welfare.
Leisure activities are in abundance including pony trekking, bird watching, golf, and walking.
Leisure activities are never in short supply.
Leisure activities are optional, but much appreciated.
Leisure activities are positive, life-affirming ways to stay involved and relieve stress.
Leisure activities centre around private aviation and skiing.
Leisure activities do however cost money.
Leisure activities form the golden triangle of parents, teachers and children.
Many leisure activities await the more energetic at the hotel itself or just a short distance away.
Many leisure activities cost money.
Most leisure activities are compelling.
Most leisure activity is provided on campus.
Leisure books are quite different.
Leisure books circulate for four weeks and audiovisual materials for one week.
Leisure centres are very popular in Ireland providing a place for relaxation and rejuvenation.
Many leisure centres have their own TAs or tutors who operate in-house training for the lifeguards.
Leisure Connection is the only firm known to provide such a full service program.
Leisure industries are generally far more labor intensive than the auto industry and manufacturing.
Leisure Pursuits organise triathlon and cycling holidays here.
Leisure time activities decline during periods.
Leisure time has many options in the area.
Leisure time includes vacation and holiday time.
Leisure time is a mechanized time.
Leisure time is a myth for most.
Leisure time is a period
Leisure time is also one of Jupiter's pastimes.
Leisure time is an outing, a movie, music, sports or just plain relaxing.
Leisure time is available to pursue individual interests.
Leisure time is encouraged in Paris.
Leisure time is free time where participants select and control their activities.
Leisure time is irreplaceable.
Leisure time is organized to include bingo, crafts, games, and planned outings.
Leisure time is precious so make the most of it.
Leisure time is reduced to achieve the production increase.
Leisure time is spent watching television.
Leisure time is spent with family and friends.
Leisure time is time spent relaxing, sleeping, eating, and recreating.
Leisure time is valued.
Leisure time is vital in order to keep enthusiasm for the other aspects of our lives.
Leisure time offers opportunities for relaxation, rejuvenation and recreation.
Leisure time revolves around visits to the pub or solitary activities such as going to the gym.
Leisure time seems to have become scarcer than ever.
Leisure time spent in parks is likely to continue, according to experts.
More leisure time is available because of domestic help.
Leisure also requires time.
Leisure becomes more attractive than labor.
Leisure can be a part of each day.
Leisure centres in the town offer excellent opportunities to play all kinds of sport.
Leisure centres Information provided by the local leisure centres.
Leisure consists of horseback riding, golf on a championship golf course, tennis and polo.
Leisure Deals UK - Provides information on special deals for UK attractions.
Leisure diminishes prowess, leisure promotes lechery, leisure kindles clandestine love affairs.
Leisure does create new jobs.
Leisure encompasses a wide range of activities and includes participation, spectating and relaxing.
Leisure evokes different meanings for each person.
Leisure Find all our dedicated feature sites quickly and easily.
Leisure fits into caregiving in many ways.
Leisure furl in-boom furling systems for superyachts.
Leisure has a significant role here.
Leisure is a beautiful garment for a day, but it's a terrible wardrobe for a lifetime.
Leisure is a fact of life in America.
Leisure is a form of that silence which is the prerequisite of the apprehens ion of reality. .
Leisure is a form of that silence which is the prerequisite of the apprehension of reality. .
Leisure is a normal good so as income rises, leisure increases.
Leisure is a normal good.
Leisure is a part of a healthy lifestyle and a productive life.
Leisure is a part of our lives.
Leisure is a peculiar thing.
Leisure is a period
Leisure is a treasure.
Leisure is a way to deal with stress, increase productivity, and enhance contentment.
Leisure is alienation .
Leisure is America's number-one economic activity.
Leisure is an essential part of life.
Leisure is an important aspect of the curriculum.
Leisure is at the center of recreation and tourism.
Leisure is better than work.
Leisure is essential for physical and mental well-being, providing social contact and interest.
Leisure is good, but the leisure of many men is little.
Leisure is great.
Leisure is honored, but idleness is suspect.
Leisure is like the mortar that holds the bricks together.
Leisure is luxuriously mellow.
Leisure is no exception.
Leisure is non-work for the sake of work.
Leisure is one of the fastest moving, best retailers anywhere in the country right now.
Leisure is rests.
Leisure is something different.
Leisure is such a big part of people's lives today.
Leisure is the central life interest.
Leisure is the contrary of both.
Leisure is time off the books, off the job, off the clock.
Leisure is trivialized.
Leisure isa period.
Leisure Lakes All types of Mountain Bikes and accessories, including frames, forks and clothing.
Leisure lifestyles modifications and at- risk youth.
Leisure likes to lean more toward the relationship.
Leisure moves quickly as various trends assume importance.
Leisure never comes to young girls and children employed in manufacturing and commerce . . .
Leisure never does.
Leisure packages to meet all needs available throughout the year.
Leisure Provides brief profiles of industries.
Leisure provides leadership opportunities that build strong communities.
Leisure reading materials and videos also are available.
Leisure remains an important aspect of life even when one is in the hospital or a nursing home.
Leisure resides within the individual.
Leisure serves much the same purpose.
Leisure skills instruction for adolescents with severe or profound developmental disabilities.
Leisure tends to corrupt, and absolute leisure corrupts absolutely.
Leisure Use a card rack or holder or a brush to hold playing cards.
Leisure walk through the park with games, prizes, and entertainment.
Leisure wear for night time activities.
Leisure Wear good walking shoes that fit and provide good support.
Leisurely afternoons are devoted to European-style treatments.
Leisurely country walks to such places filled many hours.
Leisurely float trips down the beautiful Snake River, offer an atmosphere that is calm and relaxing.
Leisurely skiers can take longer breaks and use remaining points another day.
Leisurely weekends are fine for brunch, but hectic weekday mornings call for faster fare.
Leitz rack is rechromed original.
Most lek sites are on mid-dune slopes or swales.
A lek is an unit
Leks are the grouse equivalent of a singles bar.
Leks can be very sensitive to disturbance, and some leks are closed to the public.
Leks vary in size from one-eighth of an acre to several acres.
All LEME students are to act in the best interests of CRC LEME in all their professional work.
A lemma is a proposition
Lemma follows by comparing two algebraic sums of the areas involved.
Lemma give it a go.
Lemma states a loop invariant .
Lemmas are glumes.
Lemmas are headings.
Lemmas are propositions.
Some lemming games have more than one source.
A lemming is a mammal
Lemming autonomously follows lines on the floor, and is equipped for remote operation.
Lemming can demonstrate the challenges of controlling a robot exploring a distant planet.
Lemming delivers hands-on learning about robotics.
Lemming is especially impressed with Michigan's defensive recruits.
Lemming is rugged - designed for use in public spaces.
Lemming isa rodent.
Lemmings also have sharp little teeth which helps the lemmings to gnaw through tangles of roots.
Lemmings appear on each level, after being dropped through a trap-door.
Lemmings are able to reproduce less than a month after being born.
Lemmings are active all year.
Lemmings are active during both the day and the night.
Lemmings are also active.
Lemmings are another food source for the Arctic fox.
Lemmings are everywhere.
Lemmings are found in Arctic and subarctic regions of North America, Europe and Asia.
Lemmings are found only in the Northern Hemisphere.
Lemmings are great fun.
Lemmings are herbivores with a main diet of moss and grass.
Lemmings are herbivores.
Lemmings are herbivorous heterotrophs and eat plants that grow in the tundra in northern Alaska.
Lemmings are important animals in their ecosystems.
Lemmings are little, furry animals with short, skinny, furry tails.
Lemmings are mammals, thus they always have the same body heat.
Lemmings are mammals.
Lemmings are mouselike rodents that live in treeless areas of northern Canada.
Lemmings are one of the only true Arctic rodents, and they prefer to reproduce in winter.
Lemmings are probably their most favoured prey.
Lemmings are quite rounded in shape with brown and black long, soft fur.
Lemmings are rodents.
Lemmings are seen flying into the water.
Lemmings are small beetles that only eat plants.
Lemmings are small creatures who do what they're directed to do.
Lemmings are small mouse-like animals that live in the tundra.
Lemmings are small rodents related to muskrats.
Lemmings are small rodents that feed on plants.
Lemmings are small rodents that look like guinea pigs.
Lemmings are small rodents with an unusual reputation.
Lemmings are small, furry animals with short tails and long whiskers.
Lemmings are smalls.
Lemmings are surprisingly solitary animals , only coming together to mate then separating again.
Lemmings are the staple food for Arctic foxes.
Lemmings are video games.
Lemmings attract predators.
Lemmings belong to the rodents.
Lemmings can also explode.
Lemmings commit mass suicide by jumping off cliffs.
Lemmings commit mass suicide.
Lemmings die of causes.
Lemmings dive from a cliff.
Lemmings eat willows and herbaceous plants .
Lemmings exhibit both diurnal and nocturnal active, often active both night and day.
Lemmings fall at constant velocity but are destroyed if they fall from too great a height.
Lemmings feed mainly on leaves, grasses, shoots and bulbs, occasionally storing food for winter use.
Lemmings get an urge to move when local conditions become too crowded.
Lemmings have (part) brains.
Lemmings have (part) breasts.
Lemmings have (part) cell membranes.
Lemmings have (part) cells.
Lemmings have (part) chest cavities.
Lemmings have (part) chests.
Lemmings have (part) corpi.
Lemmings have (part) cytoplasm.
Lemmings have (part) ears.
Lemmings have (part) faces.
Lemmings have (part) heads.
Lemmings have (part) nuclei.
Lemmings have (part) pedal extremities.
Lemmings have (part) piluses.
Lemmings have (part) plasma membranes.
Lemmings have (part) rib cages.
Lemmings have (part) sections.
Lemmings have (part) skulls.
Lemmings have (part) sterna.
Lemmings have (part) vacuoles.
Lemmings have (part) vertebrate feet.
Lemmings have a large number of predators.
Lemmings have a very short tail, a stubby, hairy snout, short legs and small ears.
Lemmings have long claws on their forefeet and sharp teeth for gnawing roots.
Lemmings have offspring.
Lemmings have teeth.
Lemmings is a very addictive game and once one starts to play it, it can be very difficult to stop.
Lemmings is absolutely brilliant.
Lemmings is probably one of the hardest games to describe to someone who has never seen it before.
Lemmings live in Arctic and subarctic regions.
Lemmings live in colonies and dig burrows in the snow.
Lemmings live in regions.
Lemmings live in some of the coldest environments on the planet.
Lemmings live on terrains.
Lemmings make nests out of grasses, feathers and musk ox wool.
Lemmings make paths through the grass, under roots or under snow, called runways.
Lemmings migrate in summer.
Lemmings migrate sporadically every few years when their is a population explosion.
Lemmings move to the right or left and sometimes climb.
Lemmings never do anything alone.
Lemmings never think about why they jump off cliffs.
Lemmings occupy areas.
Lemmings play a large and significant role in their ecosystems .
Lemmings play a similar role wherever they are found.
Lemmings prefer high cliffs.
Lemmings search for food.
Lemmings spend most of their lives alone, only coming together to mate.
Lemmings survive on diets.
Lemmings survive the cold primarily for two reasons.
Lemmings tend to be aggressive toward one another.
Lemmings vary in colour.
Lemmings wait until the end of the battle before finally going down in mass.
Lemmings weigh ounces.
Lemmings sometimes have population booms.
Every lemming thinks that about all the other lemmings as they head for the cliff.
Many lemmings leave to find a new home , when they run out of food and space .
Many lemmings leave to find a new home, when they run out of food and space.
Most lemmings are solitary animals, only coming together to mate.
Most lemmings are three to six inches in length and weigh less than four ounces.
Most lemmings attract predators.
Most lemmings die of causes.
Most lemmings have offspring.
Most lemmings have teeth.
Most lemmings live in regions.
Most lemmings live on terrains.
Most lemmings survive on diets.
Most lemmings weigh ounces.
Some lemmings cause misfortune.
Some lemmings defend territory.
Some lemmings die of diseases.
Some lemmings eat twigs.
Some lemmings enter sea.
Some lemmings have ability.
Some lemmings have fluctuations.
Some lemmings have fur.
Some lemmings have stumps.
Some lemmings have tails.
Some lemmings inhabit slopes.
Some lemmings remain mysteries.
Some lemmings survive on vegetation.
Lemon ants colonize the inner parts of the tree.
Lemon basils have leaves.
Most lemon basils have leaves.
Some lemon basils have characteristics.
Some lemon basils have flavor characteristics.
Lemon fruit contains vitamins.
Most lemon fruit contains vitamins.
Lemon grass extract.
Lemon grass is oil
Lemon juice contains acid.
Lemon juice contains citric acid.
Lemon juice contains electrolytes.
Lemon juice contains vitamins.
Most lemon juice contains acid.
Most lemon juice contains citric acid.
Most lemon juice contains electrolytes.
Most lemon juice contains vitamins.
Some lemon juice has amounts.
Some lemon juice produces electricity.
Lemon laws apply only to new vehicles, ignoring used vehicles entirely.
Lemon laws are more vague when it comes to leased automobiles.
Lemon laws are remedial in nature, and courts often interpret such laws very broadly.
Lemon laws cover used cars in a growing number of states.
Lemon laws provide a good example.
Most lemon laws allow an offset for use of the vehicle for the consumer.
Most lemon laws do allow an offset for use of the vehicle by the consumer.
Some lemon oil acts as lymphatic stimulants.
Lemon peels are part of lemon.
Most lemon peels are part of lemon.
Lemon rinds are part of lemon.
A lemon shark is a shark
Lemon sharks are common on the southeast coast of the United States of America .
Lemon sharks are common on the southeast coast of the United States of America.
Lemon sharks are fish.
Lemon sharks are found from New Jersey to southern Brazil in the tropical western Atlantic Ocean .
Lemon sharks are found in groups based on similar size.
Lemon sharks are most common along the coasts of Latin America and the Caribbean.
Lemon sharks are named for their yellow brown colouring.
Lemon sharks are reasonable animals.
Lemon sharks are usually eight to ten feet long .
Lemon sharks are usually eight to ten feet long.
Lemon sharks feed on prey that are intermediate in size compared to other available prey.
Lemon sharks have a natural ability to throw their stomach outside of their bodies.
Some lemon sharks reach maturity.
Some lemon sharks reach sexual maturity.
Lemon tetras are peaceful and nonaggressive to other fish and do well in community tanks.
Lemon tetras fall into the latter category.
Lemon tetras live in schools of from several dozen to several hundred and can be found near cover.
A lemon tree is a citrus tree
Lemon trees divide the tables.
Most lemon trees are very sensitive to frost and grow best where winters are mild.
Lemon has (part) lemon peels.
Lemon has (part) lemon rinds.
Lemon has (part) sections.
Lemon has peels.
Lemon has seeds.
Lemon is a citrus
Lemon is artifacts.
Lemon is bitters.
Lemon is citrus fruit.
Lemon is citruses.
Lemon is fruit.
Lemon is located in fridges.
Lemon is located in refrigerators.
Lemon is part of lemon.
Lemon is plants.
Lemon is sour.
Lemon is yellow coloreds.
Lemon is yellow.
Lemon isa citrus.
Lemon sharks swim into the lagoon with the incoming tide, then leave as the tide begins to turn.
Lemons are a great homeopathic remedy for sore throats and cough.
Lemons are a natural detoxifier.
Lemons are also good.
Lemons are an acidic fruit, as are most citrus fruits, but lemons are more acidulous than oranges.
Lemons are good for digestions.
Lemons are grumps.
Lemons are high in vitamin C, calcium, magnesium and potassium.
Lemons are intense seasoners.
Lemons are low in calories and sodium and fat and cholesterol free.
Lemons are one of the important citrus fruits.
Lemons are the most popular.
Lemons are the number one cash crop.
Lemons are very rich in vitamin C, and contain potassium and folic acid.
Lemons are wonderful creatures that can be used in more ways than one.
Lemons can keep one week at room temperature or one month in a plastic bag in the refridgerator.
Lemons contain citric acid.
Lemons contain flavonoids that act as an anti-cancer agent.
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries.
Lemons contain more sugar thatstrawberries do.
Lemons have pink flesh,clear juice, acidic lemon flavor.
Lemons have the lowest heat requirement of all citrus.
Lemons provide color and flavor on menus for garnishing, baking, and cooking.
Lemons serve both decorative and culinary purposes.
Lemons taste sour .
Lemons taste sour.
Lemons Temporarily offline.
Lemons tend to take away the flat, beany flavor that some people object to in tofu.
All Lemons are on a protected page.
Lemonade stands continue to provide children with first opportunity to operate a business.
A lemonade is ade
Lemonade also woks very well.
Lemonade is a quarter a cup.
Lemonade is easy, but almost no-one bothers.
Lemonade is good, and so is soda pop.
Lemonade Is lemon juice in water.
Lemonade is lemonade in our book.
Lemonade is simple and pure pleasure.
Lemonade is supposed to cure hiccups.
Lemonade isa beverage.
Lemonade kids a source of pride Go to letter.
Lemonade stands everywhere.
Lemonade tastes better.
Lemonades are beverages.
Lemonades are drinks.
Lemonades are fruit drinks.
Lemonades are located in carnivals.
Lemonades are located in concerts.
Lemonades are located in fairgrounds.
Lemonades are located in malls.
Lemonades are located in refrigerators.
Lemonades are located in summer.
Lemonades are made of lemon.
Lemonades are mixture.
Lemonades are soft drinks.
Lemonades provide carbohydrates.
Most lemonades provide carbohydrates.
Some lemonades consist of substances.
Lemongrass oil is good for oily hair and skin.
Lemongrass oil is oil
A lemongrass is oil
Lemongrass imparts tone to the skin and balances oily conditions.
Lemongrass reduces imflammation and swollen tissues.
Lemons juice is sprinkled over salads.
A lemur is a primate
Lemur isa primate.
Lemurs act as seed dispersers for trees with seeds that are larger than a half an inch in size.
Lemurs also have scent glands on their hind ends.
Lemurs also have, and make use of anal glands.
Lemurs appear to be territorial.
Lemurs are abundant and very confiding in both.
Lemurs are also really cool.
Lemurs are among Madagascar's most endangered species.
Lemurs are among the most endangered primates in the world.
Lemurs are among the most primitive of all primates.
Lemurs are an ancient form of primate called prosimians.
Lemurs are an ancient form of the primate called prosimlans.
Lemurs are ancient relatives of monkeys, apes and humans.
Lemurs are animals.
Lemurs are arboreal, and some species are nocturnal.
Lemurs are cute primates which live in Madagascar.
Lemurs are endangered primates.
Lemurs are endangered species or threatened species.
Lemurs are found occupying more or less the same ecological niches as monkeys do in Africa.
Lemurs are highly social animals.
Lemurs are located in books.
Lemurs are located in bushs.
Lemurs are located in cages.
Lemurs are located in captivity.
Lemurs are located in cartoons.
Lemurs are located in dictionaries.
Lemurs are located in disguises.
Lemurs are located in distress.
Lemurs are located in fields.
Lemurs are located in groups.
Lemurs are located in habitats.
Lemurs are located in heaven.
Lemurs are located in holes.
Lemurs are located in nature.
Lemurs are located in pants.
Lemurs are located in pet stores.
Lemurs are located in picture books.
Lemurs are located in rain forests.
Lemurs are located in rain.
Lemurs are located in stew.
Lemurs are located in sunshine.
Lemurs are located in tropics.
Lemurs are located in wildernesses.
Lemurs are located in wood.
Lemurs are lower down on the evolutionary scale and are less intelligent than monkeys.
Lemurs are native only to Madagascar.
Lemurs are one of the more overlooked groups of primates.
Lemurs are particularly important because they are the most primitive of living primates.
Lemurs are primarily vegetarian - feasting on leaves and fruits.
Lemurs are primates that are found only on the island of Madagascar.
Lemurs are primates that are only found on the small island of Madagascar off the coast of Africa.
Lemurs are primates which are found only on the island of Madagascar off the East coast of Africa.
Lemurs are primates, an order that includes monkeys, apes and humans.
Lemurs are primates, mammals closely related to monkeys, apes, and people.
Lemurs are primates.
Lemurs are primitive primates that are found only in isolated parts of the world.
Lemurs are prosimian primates found only on the island of Madagascar.
Lemurs are prosimians , or primative primates.
Lemurs are prosimians and are a suborder of the primate family.
Lemurs are prosimians, one of the more primitive types of primate.
Lemurs are prosimians.
Lemurs are reproductively active only once a year.
Lemurs are strepsirrhine primates , all species of which are endemic to Madagascar .
Lemurs are the biggest prosimians.
Lemurs are the most attractive and best-known of Madagascar's wildlife.
Lemurs are the most endangered group of mammals on the planet.
Lemurs are the most primitive primates and are among the world's most endangered species.
Lemurs are the only primates other than humans in which blue eyes are normal, according to the zoo.
Lemurs are unique to Madagascar, an island nation the size of Texas, off the east African coast.
Lemurs are very clean animals and spend a lot of time grooming themselves and each other.
Lemurs are very routine creatures, and tend to stick to a daily routine.
Lemurs are very social and travel in troops of three to thirty.
Lemurs are very vocal animals.
Lemurs are vital for dispersing plant seeds in some Madagascar forests.
Lemurs are well known to fight among themselves.
Lemurs are white and black with a ring tail.
Lemurs can jump from tree to tree from a vertical position as well as horizontal.
Lemurs can walk or hop a few steps bipedally.
Lemurs come in all sizes.
Lemurs communicate by smell from special scent glands found all over their bodies.
Lemurs communicate primarily through scent and vocalizations.
Lemurs communicate with a variety of hoots.
Lemurs constantly groom their fur.
Lemurs desire play.
Lemurs develop symptoms.
Lemurs eat diets.
Lemurs eat food.
Lemurs eat fruit.
Lemurs eat fruits, leaves, and occasionally insects.
Lemurs eat leaves, fruits, insects, reptiles, birds, and eggs.
Lemurs eat leaves, fruits, insects, small reptiles, birds, and birds' eggs.
Lemurs eat leaves.
Lemurs exist only on Madagascar and are considered the most endangered of all primates.
Lemurs feed in trees.
Lemurs feed on diets.
Lemurs feed on fruit.
Lemurs feed primarily on leaves and fruits, and most are arboreal .
Lemurs has-part noses.
Lemurs has-part tails.
Lemurs have (part) brains.
Lemurs have (part) breasts.
Lemurs have (part) cell membranes.
Lemurs have (part) cells.
Lemurs have (part) chest cavities.
Lemurs have (part) chests.
Lemurs have (part) corpi.
Lemurs have (part) cytoplasm.
Lemurs have (part) ears.
Lemurs have (part) faces.
Lemurs have (part) heads.
Lemurs have (part) nuclei.
Lemurs have (part) pedal extremities.
Lemurs have (part) piluses.
Lemurs have (part) plasma membranes.
Lemurs have (part) rib cages.
Lemurs have (part) sections.
Lemurs have (part) skulls.
Lemurs have (part) sterna.
Lemurs have (part) vacuoles.
Lemurs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Lemurs have a keen sense of smell and they also have good vision, even at night.
Lemurs have a moist muzzle with a central prolongation dividing the upper lip.
Lemurs have big, bushy tails that they wave in the air as another form of communication.
Lemurs have both natural and introduced predators.
Lemurs have bright round eyes and soft fur that varies in color, depending on the species.
Lemurs have choices.
Lemurs have comb-like front teeth that are used for grooming.
Lemurs have fur.
Lemurs have golden fur.
Lemurs have habitats.
Lemurs have heads.
Lemurs have large eyes.
Lemurs have legs.
Lemurs have long, heavily furred tails and slender bodies and limbs.
Lemurs have long, heavily furred tails, and slender bodies and limbs.
Lemurs have loud voices, which they use frequently.
Lemurs have metabolism.
Lemurs have one claw on each of their back feet, but most digits have nails.
Lemurs have skulls.
Lemurs have specific antipredation tactics against the large diurnal raptors.
Lemurs have territory.
Lemurs have the ability to learn patterns, and they even have object discrimination skills.
Lemurs have the face of a fox and monkey-like hands and feet.
Lemurs have toes.
Lemurs inhabit highland country and thinly wooded forests.
Lemurs lack many of the facial muscles other primates use to communicate with facial expressions.
Lemurs live in areas.
Lemurs live in colonies.
Lemurs live in environments.
Lemurs live in family groups and are found only on the island of Madagascar.
Lemurs live in groups.
Lemurs live in habitats.
Lemurs live in large groups consisting of females and males.
Lemurs live in Madagascar.
Lemurs live in trees which is why they are called arboreal.
Lemurs live in trees.
Lemurs live in troops of two and five individuals.
Lemurs live on Madagascar.
Lemurs living in social groups take their lead from the dominant female.
Lemurs maintain primitive primate features such as a small brain case and a prominent nose.
Lemurs mark their territory by scent, serving notice of their presence to all who can smell.
Lemurs mostly eat fruit, leaves, and other plant parts.
Lemurs only live on the African island of Madagascar.
Lemurs possess retinas.
Lemurs prefer food.
Lemurs range greatly in size from the pygmy mouse lemur to the indri.
Lemurs Really nifty primates inhabiting Madagascar.
Lemurs rely heavily on their sense of smell and leave scent markings to communicate with each other.
Lemurs rely on a variety of food for survival.
Lemurs rely on their sense of smell as a way of communicating with other animals.
Lemurs resemble advanced primates chiefly in the structure of their hands and feet.
Lemurs resemble ancestors.
Lemurs resemble monkeys and are the size of cats and squirrels.
Lemurs seem to be major dispersers, especially the brown lemur.
Lemurs seem to do very well in captivity.
Lemurs spend most of their time in the trees.
Lemurs take first steps.
Lemurs take steps.
Lemurs tend to move on all fours, and their hands and feet are tailor-made for life in the trees.
Lemurs thrive in captivity and are often exhibited in zoos.
Lemurs use their sense of smell to communicate with each other.
Lemurs use to groom own and other.
Lemurs vary greatly in size, color, and appearance.
Lemurs visit habitats.
Lemurs often feed on nuts and fruits that they find in their natural habitat.
All lemurs are at least partly arboreal, but a few spend considerable time on the ground.
All lemurs are prosimians, which means premonkey.
Most lemurs are arboreal, which means they spend most of their time in trees and bushes.
Most lemurs develop symptoms.
Most lemurs eat diets.
Most lemurs eat food.
Most lemurs eat fruit.
Most lemurs eat leaves.
Most lemurs feed in trees.
Most lemurs feed on diets.
Most lemurs feed on fruit.
Most lemurs has-part noses.
Most lemurs has-part tails.
Most lemurs have choices.
Most lemurs have fur.
Most lemurs have golden fur.
Most lemurs have habitats.
Most lemurs have heads.
Most lemurs have legs.
Most lemurs have metabolism.
Most lemurs have skulls.
Most lemurs have territory.
Most Lemurs live all their life in trees.
Most lemurs live for about eighteen years.
Most lemurs live in areas.
Most lemurs live in colonies.
Most lemurs live in environments.
Most lemurs live in groups.
Most lemurs live in habitats.
Most lemurs live in Madagascar.
Most lemurs live in trees most of the time.
Most lemurs live in trees.
Most lemurs live on Madagascar.
Most lemurs possess retinas.
Most lemurs prefer food.
Most lemurs resemble ancestors.
Most lemurs spend their time up in the trees, resting, sleeping, feeding, and even giving birth.
Most lemurs take first steps.
Most lemurs take steps.
Most lemurs visit habitats.
Some lemurs are brightly colored, with contrasting patches of black, white, brown, gray or rufous.
Some lemurs are nocturnal, others are active at dusk and a few are diurnal.
Some lemurs attract tourists.
Some lemurs avoid danger.
Some lemurs carry babies.
Some lemurs chew roots.
Some lemurs come into heat.
Some lemurs consume fruit.
Some lemurs defecate in specific areas, otherwise known as latrine behavior.
Some lemurs develop ability.
Some lemurs eat bamboo.
Some lemurs eat giant bamboo.
Some lemurs eat grapes.
Some lemurs eat insects, but most are strictly vegetarian.
Some lemurs eat insects.
Some lemurs eat trees.
Some lemurs enter states.
Some lemurs escape from zoos.
Some lemurs feed on bamboo.
Some lemurs feed on insect larvae.
Some lemurs feed on larvae.
Some lemurs follow guidelines.
Some lemurs go into states.
Some lemurs have babies.
Some lemurs have bars.
Some lemurs have expectancy.
Some lemurs have guts.
Some lemurs have individuals.
Some lemurs have life expectancy.
Some lemurs have patches.
Some lemurs have resemblance.
Some lemurs have seasons.
Some lemurs have short life expectancy.
Some lemurs help scientists.
Some lemurs hibernate like the mouse lemur and fat-tailed dwarf lemur hibernate.
Some lemurs live in multi male multi female groups.
Some lemurs meet death.
Some lemurs prefer fruit.
Some lemurs prefer leaves.
Some lemurs sit in trees.
Some lemurs sit on trees.
Some lemurs survive attacks.
Some lemurs survive resource scarcity.
Some lemurs survive scarcity.
Some lemurs weigh ounces.
A lender is an investor
Lender agrees to pay civil money penalty for violation of Home Mortgage Disclosure Act.
Lender approves borrower loan application and requests a loan guarantee.
Lender approves the borrower's loan request and obtains a loan guarantee.
Lender benefits New business opportunities to offset declines in refinances.
Lender can maximise the volume of trade debtor credit that can be advanced.
Lender closes and submits originals of executed closing documents.
Lender closes loan, and farmer receives funds.
Lender completes analysis of the applicant.
Lender decides at last minute they aren t comfortable with the property.
Lender determines eligibility based on program criteria.
Lender disburses funds to school.
Lender has a personal discrepancy with the borrower.
Lender has the borrower drop the vehicle off at the dealership.
Lender is a sharpshooter whose stroke has been off.
Lender is expensive.
Lender is the source of providing the loan funds being borrowed.
Lender issues a restricted offer.
Lender Look For Lenders.
Lender makes monthly payments to borrower using property as collateral.
Lender misplaces a file.
Lender needs to repossess a vehicle.
Lender obtains credit search, salary confirmation etc.
Lender offers bridge mortgages, and commercial real estate financing.
Lender offers financial aid, grant and scholarship information.
Lender orders a credit report and title commitment.
Lender prepares paperwork to have the vehicle transported to an automobile auction.
Lender prepares their loan documents and forwards to title company closer.
Lender raises rates, points, or costs.
Lender requires at last minute, a re-appraisal.
Lender sends notice confirming to borrower that loan is paid in full.
Lender sets minimum monthly payment.
Lender verifies the buyer's employment, income, deposits, credit rating and debts.
Lender wants a security interest in the inventory of merchant.
Lender wants a security interest in the shares represented by the stock certificate.
Lender wants property repaired or cleaned prior to close.
Lender wishes to advance money to Borrower secured in part by a lien on that judgment.
Lender wishes to make a working capital loan to borrower.
Lenders accept a deed in lieu of foreclosure when they believe the only alternative is foreclosure.
Lenders also have the flexibility to agree changes to existing loans.
Lenders also look at a firm's capital in determining whether to grant a loan.
Lenders also look at whether the borrower is able to refile for bankruptcy.
Lenders also look closely at the historical financial information presented in the loan application.
Lenders also make second mortgages on real estate.
Lenders also require financed vessels to carry a complete insurance package.
Lenders also specify their conditions for completing the loan process.
Lenders are able to access automated underwriting systems through their laptop computers.
Lenders are almost sure to take note of unusual deposits in accounts.
Lenders are already there and wish to participate under the current rules.
Lenders are always eager to have additional people on the hook.
Lenders are an important audience for advocacy because of their direct links to capital markets.
Lenders are at the mercy of their investors.
Lenders are available to answer questions.
Lenders are banks, credit unions, or savings and loan associations.
Lenders are concerned about collateral values, examiner criticism and ability to repay.
Lenders are concerned about prices increasing in the future.
Lenders are confident as well as borrowers.
Lenders are extremely interested in the last two years.
Lenders are familiar with management buyouts.
Lenders are funny that way.
Lenders are happy to do it.
Lenders are hard to find for modular homes.
Lenders are in the business of lending, and really do want to make loans.
Lenders are in the business of making loans.
Lenders are in the business to make solid loans to qualified borrowers.
Lenders are investors.
Lenders are less inclined to make expensive appraisals or even drive-by appraisals.
Lenders are liable to pay tax on their interest.
Lenders are likely to force producers to adopt effective price management strategies.
Lenders are more and more frequently developing websites to market their products on the Internet.
Lenders are more likely to approve a loan if it is guaranteed against major losses.
Lenders are more willing to risk smaller amounts of money.
Lenders are most interested in seeing how consumers handle debt.
Lenders are now more conservative in providing loans to producers.
Lenders are now more tolerant than ever of credit card balances and other debt.
Lenders are often busy, especially the good ones and especially when rates are low.
Lenders are often willing to be flexible about repayment of late or missing payments.
Lenders are often willing to trade off points for interest rates.
Lenders are only one of the mortgage industry groups that scrutinize credit scores.
Lenders are reluctant and take great caution when lending money.
Lenders are reluctant to lend to people that are acting as their own general contractor.
Lenders are responsible for making and servicing the loans.
Lenders are stingy, prices are stratospheric and wages are low, goes the argument.
Lenders are to comply with the City of Chicago's boarding requirements.
Lenders are very comfortable lending money based on crop insurance coverage.
Lenders are very flexible because truck stops are cash-heavy businesses.
Lenders are wary of making loans to students who have an adverse credit history, eg.
Lenders are willing to rely on the value of the security.
Lenders argue that they have responsibilities towards their savers as well as to borrowers.
Lenders arrange for a teacher and invite clients to the class.
Lenders assess the adequacy of income in terms of two ratios that have become standard in the trade.
Lenders become too lenient and issue more debt.
Lenders believe that high legal liability makes child care facilities a poor credit risk.
Lenders benefit when consumers have increased financial understanding and use credit wisely.
Lenders book much of their business through intermediaries.
Lenders call it dialing for dollars.
Lenders can also hold and sell loans according to the individual lender's needs or objectives.
Lenders can also offer revolving lines of credit to borrowers.
Lenders can also receive similar mortgage insurance from private companies.
Lenders can be adverse to lending to companies in certain industries.
Lenders can be flexible when it's time to repay.
Lenders can be helpful financial advisors.
Lenders can be hesitant to accept applications that are badly prepared.
Lenders can benefit too.
Lenders can change strategy parameters through a simple overnight process.
Lenders can choose any criteria they feel are appropriate.
Lenders can display risk-based product pricing to homebuyers.
Lenders can easily order deliveries at a lower bulk rate and track expences for auditing purposes.
Lenders can learn, too, how better to serve all the families in their communities.
Lenders can perform a pre-approval application over the phone.
Lenders Can Qualify More Buyers.
Lenders can reduce their environmental risks in several ways, including the following.
Lenders can require deposits of up to two months' worth of payments.
Lenders can require personal guarantee.
Lenders can sell the guaranteed portion of the loans on the secondary market.
Lenders can simply foreclose on the property.
Lenders can sometimes be quite frank about the local business climate.
Lenders can structure loans that require a large balloon payment after the fifth year.
Lenders can supply up-to the minute rate data.
Lenders can then demand repayment of the entire outstanding balance.
Lenders can then share that information with borrowers.
Lenders can transfer rights to make future loans to another lending institution.
Lenders can transfer risk of interest rate increases on the guaranteed portion of a fixed rate loan.
Lenders can update throughout the year-staff changes, alternative loan information.
Lenders can use factors such as income, expenses, debts, and credit history to evaluate applicants.
Lenders can use factors such as income, expenses, debts, and credit history to judge applicants.
Lenders carry the kickers at original cost until the borrower goes public or gets bought out.
Lenders categorize borrowers using two systems.
Lenders charge a rate based on their current cost of funds.
Lenders charge discount points in order to raise their yield.
Lenders charge interest rates on the amount borrowed.
Lenders charge outrageous interest rates that push many borrowers to the brink of financial ruin.
Lenders charge points as a way to make a profit.
Lenders charge points in exchange for lowering the interest rate.
Lenders charge points quite simply to increase their yield on the loan.
Lenders charge points to increase the yield on their loans.
Lenders charge points to originate a loan.
Lenders check credit and deposits the day prior to close of escrow.
Lenders choose the discount option either the reduced interest rate or reduced closing costs.
Lenders commonly use indexes to establish interest rates charged on adjustable rate mortgages.
Lenders competing for projects offer low interest rate loans to financially weak borrowers.
Lenders consider current debt load on credit cards.
Lenders consider people who stay in their jobs for a long time to be less risky borrowers.
Lenders consider two ratios, constructed in slightly different ways.
Lenders consider working consistently for the last two years to be a solid employment record.
Lenders consistently say it's a buyer's market out there for lines of credit.
Lenders contend that high rates are needed to off set fraud, delinquencies, and bankruptcies.
Lenders continue to invest in technology.
Lenders currently add one to three points to the prime to come up with their index rate.
Lenders deduct an origination fee and insurance premium from each disbursement .
Lenders deduct fees to process the loan.
Lenders deduct loan fees from student loans prior to each disbursement.
Lenders deduct origination fee and insurance before issuing check.
Lenders determine the premium levels to be paid by the borrower and lender.
Lenders differ and can get creative when it comes to other types of charges.
Lenders dislike risk.
Lenders do credit checks for PLUS loans.
Lenders do good things for home buyers.
Lenders do offer better terms to home-buyers who view the home as their primary residence.
Lenders do require a satisfactory credit check for loan approval.
Lenders do take that quite seriously.
Lenders do tend to give more weight to the most recent payment information.
Lenders do want to lend, and investors do want to invest.
Lenders do welcome regular updates on the law.
Lenders do well to be as informative as possible so as to promote customer loyalty.
Lenders eat extra.
Lenders enter the picture Lenders also are key part of the game.
Lenders examine financial statements, financial ratios and operating data to aid their decision.
Lenders expect breadwinners to be in their jobs at least two years.
Lenders expect mortgage demand to stay strong over the next three months as rates remain low.
Lenders expect mortgage demand to stay strong over the next three months.
Lenders expect refinancing activity to remain strong through the spring.
Lenders expect to get their money back plus interest.
Lenders find manufactured homes an excellent investment.
Lenders fix their application fees at anywhere from a few hundred to several thousand dollars.
Lenders generally charge lower initial interest rates for ARMs than for fixed-rate mortgages.
Lenders generally charge lower initial interest rates on ARMs than for fixed-rate mortgages.
Lenders generally require title insurance as a condition of obtaining a mortgage.
Lenders get nervous when they see a lot of credit cards and increasing balances.
Lenders go through an evaluation of the collateral to determine how much they can lend against it.
Lenders grant forbearance at their discretion, except for mandatory forbearance as discussed above.
Lenders handle queries about insurance and claims to a varying degree.
Lenders have a limited number of in-house loans available.
Lenders have an option to serve families they used to have to reject or refer.
Lenders have different approaches to handling requests for delay.
Lenders have different objectives than investors and therefore look at different factors.
Lenders have different types of loan packages.
Lenders have lower required return than shareholders because they bear less risk.
Lenders have many different ways of disclosing the true cost of a loan.
Lenders have more information.
Lenders have no cost-effective way to retain prospects until they are ready to transact.
Lenders have restrictions on how much sellers can credit to buyers at closing.
Lenders have the responsibility to foreclose for nonpayment.
Lenders have their secret scores .
Lenders have to know that they can seize assets in a default.
Lenders have to take risks.
Lenders have two major concerns regarding intra-family transfers.
Lenders have two primary concerns, use of proceeds and repayment of principal and interest.
Lenders help first-time borrowers with offers of low down payments and closing costs.
Lenders hope so.
Lenders Join the winning team.
Lenders know how to finance basic crop, hog and dairy units.
Lenders know that borrowers shop around for the best deal.
Lenders label their fees differently.
Lenders like to get paid.
Lenders like to see low debt and cash reserves in the bank.
Lenders line up to help consumers afford the good life.
Lenders look at many things.
Lenders look at more than just income and bill payments.
Lenders look at the entire picture.
Lenders look favorably on someone whose income has grown steadily for the past several years.
Lenders look for a borrower who has enough financial reserve to cover the unknown.
Lenders look for a steady income from month to month and a stable work history.
Lenders look for at least two stable years of employment in one line of work.
Lenders look for reasonably clean credit, but are more lenient than conventional lenders.
Lenders look for stability when considering applicants for financing.
Lenders look for stable, upward trends in revenues, earnings and cash flow.
Lenders look for strong equity.
Lenders love small print and when it comes to mortgages, they certainly make the most of it.
Lenders maintain brand identity.
Lenders make a fee on each loan they make.
Lenders make loans that refinance existing loans in an effort to pocket more fees.
Lenders make long term loans secured by commercial and industrial real estate.
Lenders make money from the fees they charge for originating loans.
Lenders nevertheless are bullish.
Lenders normally add credit insurance premiums to the total amount of a loan.
Lenders normally charge some upfront fees.
Lenders now see the risks of greater competition and demands for better prices.
Lenders obtain credit reports on individuals and businesses as part of the credit approval process.
Lenders offer a variety of features on certain loans.
Lenders offer a variety of special student packages.
Lenders offer an array of incentives in an effort to attract savvy customers.
Lenders offer different types of mortgages with different terms,conditions and interest rates.
Lenders offer RAMs to elderly homeowners with high equity and low cash flow.
Lenders offer special no closing cost loans.
Lenders own loans and receive borrower payments.
Lenders participating in the program are already aware program benefits.
Lenders pay a nominal fee to access the service.
Lenders pay both an annual fee and a specific charge for each credit report they request.
Lenders prefer low debt to asset and debt to worth ratios, and high current ratios.
Lenders prefer lower LTVs and higher down payments because they reduce their financial risk.
Lenders prefer people who are stable.
Lenders prefer to finance new homes by reputable builders.
Lenders prefer to have a deep-pocketed backer as a repayment source of last resort.
Lenders prefer to see all components that affect the safety and livability of the project completed.
Lenders protect themselves by perfecting their security interests.
Lenders provide different types of loans programs based on a student's level of study.
Lenders provide different types of private loans depending on the student's level of study.
Lenders provide schools with guaranteed lowest cost solutions while minimizing paperwork and hassle.
Lenders qualify purchasers by income and the current amount of debt held.
Lenders read the plan for management's strategies.
Lenders realize producers are facing rough financial times and are sympathetic.
Lenders realize that they can bury favorable terms into a contract.
Lenders really like to see a good solid two years of good credit and money management.
Lenders receive and print their requests daily at their local workstations.
Lenders receive electronic LGCs when their loans are guaranteed.
Lenders receive no tax benefits from the lease but receive a fixed rate over a long term.
Lenders receive ongoing advice and support from fund organizers.
Lenders recognize legitimate reasons for credit problems, such as divorce, unemployment or illness.
Lenders recover the principal and interest when the home is sold or inherited.
Lenders recover their loans plus interest from the sale of the home when owners die or move out.
Lenders recover their loans plus interest from the sale of the home when the owners die or move out.
Lenders recover their principal, plus interest, when the home is sold.
Lenders recover their principle, plus interest, when the home is sold.
Lenders refresh the credit account information held by Experian monthly.
Lenders regard such situations on a case by case basis.
Lenders rely on debt to income ratios to assess qualification.
Lenders rely on inertia to keep their customers.
Lenders rely on vessel documentation to secure their lien, even on the high seas.
Lenders require a business plan before they lend money.
Lenders require a credit check for prospective PLUS borrowers.
Lenders require appraisals as part of the loan application process.
Lenders require borrowers to make interest payments as part of the price associated with borrowing.
Lenders require hazard insurance that covers the outstanding loan on the property.
Lenders require it.
Lenders require most farmers to prepare yearly balance sheets.
Lenders require recorded access.
Lenders require that the homeowner obtain an appraisal certifying the home's current market value.
Lenders require title insurance to protect their investment.
Lenders review employment history, gross monthly income, housing expenses, and outstanding debt.
Lenders review several packages weekly and pick only the best.
Lenders routinely profile mortgage applicants relative to their payment capacity.
Lenders run a second credit check prior to closing to check for new charges.
Lenders say getting judges' permission to foreclose can take months.
Lenders say the higher interest rate and fees are needed because the borrowers present more risk.
Lenders say their anti-fraud procedures are good, and getting better.
Lenders say there are no fixed rules in making loans to subprime borrowers.
Lenders say they are looking at prospects more closely and increasing reserves on existing loans.
Lenders say they believe a majority of loan recipients are black.
Lenders say they solicit people with good credit histories.
Lenders say they stand to lose the most by overstating a loan that goes bad.
Lenders say they've made small loans less available.
Lenders scrutinize the risk and potential rate of return each deal offers.
Lenders serve consumers in the primary market.
Lenders sit waiting for real estate borrowers who are up against closing deadlines.
Lenders speak a language foreign to the average company owner.
Lenders speak a language that is foreign to the average company owner.
Lenders spend a lot of time convincing people that borrowing is smart, so people borrow to spend.
Lenders still reject minority mortgage applicants far more frequently than whites.
Lenders submit bids Select the winning lender.
Lenders submit proposals up to the close of the auction.
Lenders tailor our system to their needs and pretty soon it becomes their system.
Lenders take a personal check from a borrower as collateral on the loans.
Lenders tend to be very creative when it comes to fees.
Lenders tend to look less favorably on complete liquidations.
Lenders tend to prefer a mix of debt beyond credit cards, including car loans and mortgages.
Lenders then bundle the loans into large securities, which are sold to investors.
Lenders then sell the property to recover their losses.
Lenders then view at their desktop an anonymous loan package.
Lenders think borrowers are out of school and are obligated to repay their loans.
Lenders treat modular homes in the same way they do site built homes.
Lenders typically cover shortages when tax or insurance payments increase.
Lenders typically use architects to perform their inspections of new construction sites.
Lenders typically use one of two guidelines when evaluating a loan request.
Lenders understand that there can be legitimate reasons for credit problems.
Lenders use a variety of margins depending upon the loan program and adjustment periods.
Lenders use appraisals so they can determine how much to lend against a property.
Lenders use debt to income ratios to determine qualification.
Lenders use flood certification companies instead of appraisers to verify flood zones.
Lenders use it to determine whether to approve a loan and to set the terms.
Lenders use market value as the basis for lending.
Lenders use scores differently.
Lenders use several different indexes to base their mortgage loans on.
Lenders use the same criteria for offering bridge loans as they use for mortgages.
Lenders use the scores to decide whether to lend money and on what terms.
Lenders use their existing documentation and procedures to make and service loans.
Lenders use trend analysis to review a request for new or existing credit.
Lenders vary in their requirements.
Lenders view investment property as more risky than someone's primary residence.
Lenders view open accounts, even with zero balance, as potential unpaid debts.
Lenders view open credit lines as potential outstanding debt.
Lenders view part time income as a strong compensating factor.
Lenders view part-time income as a strong compensating factor.
Lenders weigh salary more heavily than bonuses and profit sharing.
Lenders working with homebuilders worry about economic conditions.
Lenders worldwide are glad that the USA wants to borrow some of their money.
Lenders always ask for the lowest possible payment.
Lenders always insist that the cost of reinstating the property be insured for security purposes.
Lenders frequently charge points to increase the yield on the mortgage and cover closing costs.
Lenders frequently sell their loans to other parties.
Lenders often charge one or more points to make up for a lower interest rate.
Lenders often charge points for a loan.
Lenders often exclude their existing, loyal, customers from their best remortgage deals.
Lenders often get all three scores and take the midpoint.
Lenders often get all three scores.
Lenders often give use the shortest lock period, one or two weeks, to give estimates.
Lenders often have a prior claim on assets of the company.
Lenders often push credit life insurance, which pays off the debt in case of death or disability.
Lenders often refuse money to small farmers, they say.
Lenders often require insurance of the property.
Lenders often require use of a general warranty deed.
Lenders often sell loans to a servicer who handles collections once the loan is in repayment.
Lenders often sell loans to secondary markets so they can continually replenish their lending funds.
Lenders often specialize in certain types of mortgage loans.
Lenders often struggle with weak balance sheets prior to recessions.
Lenders often supplement their rates by charging high fees.
Lenders often target low-income neighborhoods of color for loans that can have unfavorable terms.
Lenders sometimes take a family household's finances into account when making credit decisions.
Lenders usually calculate application scores directly.
Lenders usually charge points as part of their cost to make the loan.
Lenders usually have a pretty good feel for the market.
Lenders usually provide estimates of closing costs to prospective homebuyers.
Lenders usually release funds within a week of a request, sometimes sooner.
Lenders usually require an appraisal to assure that the property is adequate collateral for a loan.
Lenders usually require buyers to obtain title insurance that protects only the lender.
Lenders usually require the first years premium in advance at closing.
Lenders usually understand that legitimate problems sometimes arise.
All lenders abide by the same federal regulations.
All lenders are local in Southern California and pay a fee to appear.
All lenders generally consider the same aspects of a request.
All lenders have different approval standards.
All lenders have federally mandated interest rates therefore the rate is the same for all lenders.
All lenders have systems through which changes in rate are notified.
All lenders have zero point loans.
All lenders offer the same interest rate.
All lenders offer the same mortgage products.
All lenders operate under federal and state laws regarding customer privacy.
All lenders provide the same types of loans.
All lenders require their borrowers to obtain hazard insurance.
All lenders utilize four major elements in reaching their decision.
Any lender can participate.
Any lender can waive an application fee or make a fee refundable under certain conditions.
Every lender develops their own matrix with corresponding rates and terms.
Every lender has different criteria and business motives in offering credit.
Every lender has different cutoff points, for what's acceptable.
Every lender has slightly different rules regarding cancellation.
Every lender is different when it comes down to the very minute details of qualifying.
Every lender is different.
Every lender requires title insurance.
Every lender then adds a set margin to that index.
Many lenders often advertise low teaser rates designed to generate phone calls.
Many lenders advertise closings within a specific time frame.
Many lenders advertise loans without disclosing the full terms and conditions of the loan.
Many lenders advertise their rates in the paper and in homes magazines.
Many lenders already offer similar discounts.
Many lenders also have a calculator for remortgages.
Many lenders also list past due accounts with the credit bureau.
Many lenders also offer loans to international students who have a U.S. citizen as a co-signer.
Many lenders also offer repayment incentives to encourage on-time payments.
Many lenders also offer the ability to apply over the telephone or over the Internet.
Many lenders also take applications over the phone.
Many lenders are afraid of foreclosing on property.
Many lenders are cautious about allowing the borrower to act as their own contractor.
Many lenders are collateral based.
Many lenders are willing to bend some of the rules mentioned earlier for a good customer.
Many lenders charge application fees.
Many lenders dispose of their own properties.
Many lenders expect businesses to reduce their line of credit from time to time, sometimes.
Many lenders have a gift letter they require a donor to complete during the loan process.
Many lenders have a second level of review for denied loans.
Many lenders have cancellation charges as high as several thousand dollars.
Many lenders have donor fatigue after years of Turkish economic mismanagement.
Many lenders have pre-payment penalties on their loans.
Many lenders have web sites.
Many lenders insist on key-person policies before committing funds to a venture.
Many lenders levy redemption charges for all types of mortgage, whether fixed or variable rate.
Many lenders look for one year's clean payment record to offset past credit problems.
Many lenders make loans to students in California and policies differ.
Many lenders mark up closing costs and fees to improve their bottom line.
Many lenders now offer online applications.
Many lenders offer a six-month introductory rate that is lower.
Many lenders offer alternative loans.
Many lenders offer any-purpose personal loans.
Many lenders offer both life and disability insurance as options, but few absolutely require it.
Many lenders offer creative programs to address the significant amount of interest that accumulates.
Many lenders offer home equity loans.
Many lenders offer home refinancing and home equity lines of credit.
Many lenders offer private student loan products and the terms often vary.
Many lenders offer repayment incentive programs for students who make scheduled payments on time.
Many lenders provide both serialization and consolidation of education loans.
Many lenders qualify applicants based on credit report activity.
Many lenders quote programs which are designed specifically to snooker the telephone rate shoppers.
Many lenders require borrowers to carry an insurance amount at least equal to the mortgage.
Many lenders require borrowers to carry it in an amount at least equal to the mortgage.
Many lenders require proof of connection to the sewer.
Many lenders routinely offer two or more choices of point-interest rate combinations.
Many lenders routinely request closing protection letters.
Many lenders sell the loans to investors.
Many lenders use a process called credit score to determine a student's loan eligibility.
Many lenders use automated underwriting and credit scoring systems to speed the approval process.
Many lenders use credit scores to help evaluate loan applications.
Most lenders allow interest to be deferred until enrollment ceases or drops below half-time.
Most lenders also have limits for the debt coverage ratio.
Most lenders also require a mortgagee's policy which insures the lender.
Most lenders are financial institutions, but some are state agencies, and colleges make loans, too.
Most lenders are mortgage brokers who sell the loans they originate to secondary lenders.
Most lenders are willing to negotiate.
Most lenders are.
Most lenders assign their loans chronologically.
Most lenders can work out a plan to correct the problem within one to two years.
Most lenders charge a fee for the services of the closing agent.
Most lenders charge a guarantee or origination fee, and, the repayment options vary accordingly.
Most lenders charge a guarantee or origination fee.
Most lenders charge that rate or something very close to it.
Most lenders consider an applicant's income to debt ratios.
Most lenders dissolve in gales of laughter at the thought of milking sheep.
Most Lenders do.
Most lenders fall into certain dollar amount classes.
Most lenders find that financing construction is a high risk business.
Most lenders give borrowers a choice.
Most lenders have a problem closing a loan on new projects.
Most Lenders have different rules and rates.
Most lenders have the prequalification information online.
Most lenders have Web sites.
Most lenders like to have their customers have an extended warranty when they get their auto loan.
Most lenders look at a person's present ability to re-pay.
Most lenders look at the most recent information on a report.
Most lenders now have telephone and on-line applications.
Most lenders offer a better interest rate for a secured loan.
Most lenders offer a variety of repayment plans.
Most lenders offer competitive interest rates.
Most lenders offer only a few mortgage options.
Most lenders offer several repayment options, and each has pros and cons.
Most lenders pay the bills on time.
Most lenders provide a loan deferment form to students.
Most lenders provide preapproval for little or no charge.
Most lenders really do want to help, and regard court action as an absolute last resort.
Most lenders recognize that a loan was recently transferred.
Most lenders request two months bank statements, but some still ask for three.
Most lenders require a business plan prior to considering a loan application.
Most lenders require a certified check or money order for the down payment and closing costs.
Most lenders require a co-signer.
Most lenders require a property appraisal for a new mortgage loan.
Most lenders require a standard mortgage credit report from a qualified credit bureau.
Most lenders require borrowers to buy new mortgagee title policies when refinancing.
Most lenders require immediate payment of outstanding loans upon death.
Most lenders require it.
Most lenders require loan repayment to begin six months after a student's last date of enrollment.
Most lenders require mortgage title insurance to protect their interests.
Most Lenders require one.
Most lenders require satisfactory academic progress to maintain loan status.
Most lenders require the down payment to be paid from the buyer's own funds.
Most lenders require the down payment to be paid from the buyer's owned funds.
Most lenders require the purchaser to pay for a mortgagee policy to indemnify the lender.
Most lenders require title insurance as well.
Most lenders require title insurance to protect their security interest in the property.
Most lenders sell their loans to secondary markets.
Most lenders sell their student loans.
Most lenders update their rates every day.
Most lenders use a scoring system to determine whether an applicant is a good credit risk.
Most lenders use the weekly value on their ARMs.
Most lenders utilize scoring today.
Most lenders work only with appraisers whose valuations they know and trust.
Some lenders absorb the cost of title fees.
Some lenders accept higher risk applicants.
Some lenders add questionable charges at closing.
Some lenders allow new car loan rates within six months of purchase.
Some lenders allow parents to pay only the interest rate while the student is in school.
Some lenders also advertise loans without any fees, such as appraisal and escrow charges.
Some lenders also allow a smaller lump sum payment with a line of credit.
Some lenders also ask for fixed deposit receipts or shares as additional security.
Some lenders also carry our brochures.
Some lenders also offer loan application by phone or via the Internet.
Some lenders also offer reduced closing costs and free appraisals for EEMs.
Some lenders also offer superior service.
Some lenders also pay arrangement fees to mortgage brokers to encourage business.
Some lenders are more cooperative than others.
Some lenders are more stringent.
Some lenders are very conservative.
Some lenders build their own proprietary scores.
Some lenders capitalize quarterly, others annually and some only once upon repayment.
Some lenders charge a fee.
Some lenders charge a small fee for locking in an interest rate.
Some lenders charge an origination fee to cover the administrative costs of processing a loan.
Some lenders charge continuing fees.
Some lenders charge fees.
Some lenders charge for a pre-approval.
Some lenders charge more than others do.
Some lenders charge ongoing loan administration fees.
Some lenders do emphasize the number of loans originated.
Some lenders do reveal the score to borrowers.
Some lenders exact a late charge for delinquencies on installments of conventional loans.
Some lenders feel however that the benefits of such an option are limited.
Some lenders get a cut of the increased interest rates.
Some lenders give money based on potential sales.
Some lenders have a list.
Some lenders have different ways to grade credit based upon their own method of evaluation.
Some lenders have no limits.
Some lenders have questionable scruples and target elderly and low-income homeowners.
Some lenders have the ability to make an immediate decision.
Some lenders insist on audited books going back up to three years.
Some lenders issue loan funds electronically.
Some lenders like to assign their own appraisers to perform the appraisal.
Some lenders link to their homepage or rate page.
Some lenders make their notes available at reasonable discounts prior to engaging the process.
Some lenders now offer deferment of principal payments during in-school periods.
Some lenders offer a discounted margin for their customers.
Some lenders offer a no-points option for a slightly higher rate to avoid paying points.
Some lenders offer a slight discount for automatic payment plans.
Some lenders offer cashbacks in conjunction with other offers such as discounts or fixed rates.
Some lenders offer consolidation loans for private loans as well.
Some lenders offer discount points to consumers in lieu of a higher interest rate.
Some lenders offer discounts and rebates.
Some lenders offer discounts for electronic payments.
Some lenders offer expanded ratios, however.
Some lenders offer extremely good terms to lure customers in.
Some lenders offer free valuations, as do certain mortgage brokers.
Some lenders offer incentives including cash-back and points programs to attract customers.
Some lenders offer no-cost refinancing.
Some lenders offer private loan consolidation.
Some lenders offer refinancing with no points, but generally charge higher interest rates.
Some lenders offer repayment incentives to borrowers.
Some lenders offer stated income or no-income verification programs.
Some lenders offer sub-prime loans and mortgages to individuals with less than perfect credit.
Some lenders offer the ability to apply via the Internet or by phone.
Some lenders offer the loan to owners of cooperatives, with certain restrictions.
Some lenders offer the service at no cost.
Some lenders offer to adjust the number of points if the borrower accepts a different interest rate.
Some lenders only deal online.
Some lenders only require a bacteria test.
Some lenders operate outside the law.
Some lenders penalize borrowers if they refinance, but waive it if the property is sold.
Some lenders permit a loan to be discharged in the case of total, permanent disability.
Some lenders place different grades based upon their own method of evaluation.
Some lenders prefer to have a septic service pump the tank and offer a certification as a result.
Some lenders prohibit the collection of prepaid interest.
Some lenders provide alternative loans for special non-degree seeking students.
Some lenders provide home equity loans to parents and students with the advantage of tax benefits.
Some lenders provide lock-ins without cost, others have a charge.
Some lenders provide misleading information about the tax consequences of such loans.
Some lenders provide written materials in the predominant languages of communities they serve.
Some lenders quote zero point loans but charge and origination or broker point.
Some lenders refuse to use the work of certain appraisers.
Some lenders rely more heavily on credit scoring than others.
Some lenders report a tightening in credit standards for credit cards.
Some lenders report more information about the property, some report less detailed information.
Some lenders require a home inspection, and it's a good idea to get one.
Some lenders require a mechanical and structural inspection by a qualified house inspector.
Some lenders require a perfect payment history for two years or more.
Some lenders require a prior loan relationship.
Some lenders require a separate credit application.
Some lenders require a termite inspection from a qualified pest control company.
Some lenders require an extended warranty.
Some lenders require borrowers to pay the lender's attorney's fees incurred during the workout.
Some lenders require credit approval of the student borrower.
Some lenders require further inspection on the property to assess the progress of construction.
Some lenders require less than three weeks to process applications and issue checks to customers.
Some lenders require more down payment.
Some lenders require students to endorse their loan checks.
Some lenders require the removal of a Declaration of Homestead before a new loan is approved.
Some lenders sell loans to other lenders, resulting in a new holder for the borrower.
Some lenders sell their students loans, either immediately or before repayment starts.
Some lenders send a bill each month instead.
Some lenders send deferment forms to students.
Some lenders start charging an annual fee to their customers who pay their bill off every month.
Some lenders still disburse via paper check.
Some lenders take as long as a year to file it.
Some Lenders take three to five days to prepare instructions.
Some lenders threaten customers with criminal prosecution for writing bad checks.
Some lenders use junk fees to make their interest rates more attractive.
Some lenders use mortgage coupons with a box with adding extra amounts.
Some lenders use the information to add certain expenses back into the business owner's income.
Some lenders waive closing costs but then charge a higher interest rate.
Some lenders willsuspend interest payments until homeowners can get back on their feet.
Some lenders work different ways.
Most lending agreements allow prepayment without penalty, especially after the first year.
A lending library is a library
Lending libraries are also available in adult day care centers, respite centers and nursing homes.
Lending libraries are free of charge to seniors.
Lending libraries are libraries.
Lending libraries determine any conditions regarding the use of their materials.
Lending libraries determine any restrictions regarding the use of their materials.
Lending libraries determine conditions regarding the use of their materials.
Lending libraries determine the conditions regarding the use of their materials.
Lending libraries determine the due dates.
Lending libraries determine the loan period and any conditions regarding the use of their materials.
Lending libraries do, however, charge for providing photocopies of journal articles.
Lending libraries have the right to refuse to lend any materials.
Lending libraries reserve the right in certain cases to substitute a photocopy for a loan.
Lending libraries reserve the right to refuse to loan any material.
Lending libraries set their own due dates on materials they lend.
Lending libraries set varying terms for loans.
Lending libraries vary greatly in their loan policies and response time.
Lending library has the right to limit loans or increase charges for providing interlibrary loans.
All lending libraries are functional and used by the membership.
Some lending libraries charge a fee.
Some lending libraries charge for interlibrary loans.
Some lending libraries charge for photocopies.
Some lending libraries have strict policies for the return of their books.
Lending rates are also likely to move down.
Lending rates are high and profit margins thin.
Lending rates are now at their lowest levels in nearly eight years.
Lending rates are still very high and loans are difficult to obtain.
A lending is a disposition
Lending also involves processing loans.
Lending are disposals.
Lending does the same thing.
Lending Find loans and credit cards.
Lending has a dark side.
Lending has a very human element to it.
Lending helps parent companies stay competitive on product sales.
Lending includes acquisition of corporate bond.
Lending is a people business.
Lending is a way of life.
Lending is at a minimum, and many banks are keeping their assets in government securities.
Lending is at the discretion of the archivist or librarian.
Lending is based on trust, thus there is no legal instrument between the lender and the borrower.
Lending is big business, and top lenders earn hundreds of thousands of dollars a year.
Lending is entirely at the discretion of individual libraries.
Lending is extremely dangerous.
Lending is our business.
Lending is restricted to the local area.
Lending is up and administrative costs down.
Lending promotes useful policy changes and adherence to international standards .
All lending is to be secured.
Any lending leads to a reduction in gold production and growth in gold consumption.
Lenga wood is in demand by furniture makers and artisans.
Lenghty threads are a bit ugly to behold on a forum, even when the content is really interesting.
Length bias occurs when screening preferentially picks up disease that is progressing more slowly.
Length contraction applies only to lengths along the direction of motion.
Length determination is a function of physical parameters as well as ability.
All length dimensions are in feet.
All length dimensions are in inches.
Length length takes one argument, a list, and returns an integer giving the length of the list.
Length limit is based on lake rules.
Length limitations apply to certain files.
Length marks are mostly missing, so is stress information.
Length measurement includes five foot deep platform.
Length measurement indicates inches between front collar bottom and shirt bottom.
Length measurement is implemented in practice in many ways.
Some length measurements use string.
Length minimum depends on methods.
Length of day varies from season to season and with latitude.
Length of pull has a direct and constant relationship to discharge per stroke.
Length of stay can vary from a week to several months.
Length of stay continues to decrease.
Length of stay depends on program selected.
Length of stay depends on the reason for the biopsy.
Length of stay is a key performance measure of the foster care system.
Length of stay is a minimum of five nights.
Length of stay is approximately one week.
Length of stay is approximately two to three weeks.
Length of stay is based on a patient's recovery and progress.
Length of stay is broken down by diagnosis, procedure, and payment source.
Length of stay is calculated by subtracting the discharge date from the admit date.
Length of stay is calculated by taking the discharge date minus the admission date.
Length of stay is dependent upon individual progress.
Length of stay is determined by immigration authority on arrival, if necessary.
Length of stay is determined by the needs of each individual.
Length of stay is determined individually for each patient.
Length of stay is flexible.
Length of stay is four to six weeks.
Length of stay is from one week to several months.
Length of stay is from two to four weeks.
Length of stay is generally one to three days, but is flexible to meet individual needs.
Length of stay is individualized according to consumer needs.
Length of stay is less than one week.
Length of stay is limited by other scheduled uses of the facility.
Length of stay is limited to one night per week.
Length of stay is limited to seven to fourteen consecutive days.
Length of stay is reduced, rehabilitation can begin much sooner and discharge occurs more quickly.
Length of stay is unknown.
Length of stay is unpredictable.
Length of stay is usually one month to three years.
Length of stay is usually several months to several years.
Length of stay makes a difference too.
Lengths of stay are individually determined according to the particular needs of the client.
Lengths of stay can be between nine months to a year.
Lengths of stay vary according to clinical needs and goals.
Length of stays can vary.
Lengths of stays are down.
Length percentiles show a similar trend.
Length requirements are strict to ensure the smooth working of the seminar.
Length requirements vary.
Any length response is appropriate, from a short phrase to an essay.
Length scales vary from the microscale to kilometers.
Length swimming is available and so is the water slide, hot tub, sauna, steam room and small pool.
Length units used are kilometres, metres, centimetres, and millimetres.
Length units Using length units is perhaps the most popular approach for setting font sizes.
All length units are in centimeters.
Length values are case-neutral.
Length affects mast rake.
Length alone can create a dull interview.
Length can be a good indication of substance.
Length can be custom made at no additional charge.
Length can be either short or long, and height can be either short or tall.
Length can be no shorter than finger length when hands are held by the side.
Length can be thigh-high, above the knee, or below the knee.
Length can be whatever is appropriate for the variable.
Length comes from the angulation of shoulder and rear, as well as the backward-slanted ribbing.
Length comes in at number six, with the look of the scrotum trailing closely behind.
Length comes into the body giving muscles space to work and joints freedom to function properly.
Length depends on daylight.
Length depends on each individual article.
Length depends on how many people are there, business, ect.
Length depends on how the fault breaks during the earthquake.
Length depends on name.
Length depends on the cave.
Length depends on the customer requirements.
Length depends on the food available to the squid.
Length depends on the magazine so study their guidelines.
Length depends on the nature of the original.
Length depends on the nature of the project and the funder's decision-making process.
Length depends on the slope.
Length depends on the topics chosen.
Length depends upon balance between words and imagery.
Length depends upon selection.
Length depends upon the location of crook, defects, and utilization.
Length determines how far the batter can reach for a pitch.
Length engages unto several wheel though stole birthday gifts for dad.
Length equals meters.
Length expresses the length of each link in the graph.
Length facilitates safe loading into higher than standard truck beds.
Length given is the length of the spoon without the hook.
Length given is the unstretched length.
Length helps, however.
Length includes label and overwrap film .
Length includes recoil starter to PTO mounting face.
Length includes shoulder strap.
Length indicates the buffer's size.
Length is a dimension
Length is a fundamental measure
Length is a physical property
Length is about an hour.
Length is about one mile.
Length is adjustable to allow for engine and footbox location.
Length is adjustable.
Length is air cleaner to base of blower housing.
Length is also a property of time .
Length is also a property of time.
Length is also determined, of course, by the availability of information about that writer.
Length is always the longest dimension of the package.
Length is approx.
Length is as desired.
Length is center back to hem.
Length is considereable more trustable than start.
Length is consistent with the paper requirements.
Length is customizable for any size dog.
Length is dependent on evaluation.
Length is determind the same way as with single barlines.
Length is determined by application specific software.
Length is determined by the space between the notes in the group.
Length is dimensions.
Length is distance.
Length is everything here.
Length is extent.
Length is field length.
Length is five inches.
Length is flexible.
Length is from bust to below waist.
Length is from tip of nose to tip of tail.
Length is good, but dont go overboard.
Length is how long it is.
Length is how long or short something is .
Length is how long or short something is.
Length is how long something is.
Length is hull length.
Length is immutable.
Length is important because a longer knife turns more slowly.
Length is important in a resume.
Length is important with age.
Length is important, too, very important.
Length is important.
Length is in pixels.
Length is influenced by the player.
Length is irrelevant as long as it is used efficiently.
Length is longest point including hitch.
Length is measured bow to stern, along the deck, excluding the bow ball, if fitted.
Length is middle of back to hem.
Length is minute hand.
Length is more of a red herring than content.
Length is most important.
Length is one dimension and width is another dimension.
Length is one page, unless something else is specified for a particular question.
Length is open.
Length is optional but it can be entered to further narrow the search.
Length is phonemic for vowels, and each of the seven phonemes occurs short or long.
Length is physical properties.
Length is proportional to the size of the head.
Length is quantities.
Length is relative, honey.
Length is sections.
Length is set by attribute ticlen , which sets the tick length to h absolute units .
Length is size.
Length is unimportant, succinctness is.
Length is unimportant.
Length is useless for describing it.
Length is variable.
Length is with use of cow trainers.
Length isa dimension.
Length isa property.
Length isa quantity.
Length means absolutely nothing .
Length measures at meters.
Length measures the distance between one point and another, or how far apart the two points are.
Length produces by one ocean after come plaza suite.
Length proportionate to the body and head.
Length provides a significant challenge.
Length provides excellent loading power without the incline.
Length provides maximum loading power without the incline.
Length ranges from cms.
Length refers to a cigar's length.
Length refers to both the time of the ride and the distances available.
Length refers to the longest slope of the station.
Length refers to the total length of all trails.
Length returns the length of a list.
Length returns the length of an object.
Length returns the length of the string and can come in very handy.
Length returns the number of elements in list.
Length stay negotiable.
Length stop Costs down few building around one branch.
Length strictens substance to induce opining the antiquity.
Length varies according to time available and topics requested.
Length varies depending on animal species.
Length varies depending on scope and complexity of policy subject.
Length varies depending on topic and number of contributors.
Length varies from cms.
Length varies from short and one day to three days.
Length varies from three months to one year.
Length varies from two feet to eight feet.
Length varies issue to issue.
Length varies over the body, being longer and shaggy on legs, neck and around eyes, nose and chin.
Length varies widely, but the average is six weeks.
Lengths add like numbers.
Lengths are also quite simple.
Lengths are approximate.
Lengths are available as desired.
Lengths are customizable upon request.
Lengths are identical.
Lengths are in cm and as a proportion of the total length.
Lengths are rounded to the nearest millimetre.
Lengths are very short - barely covering the thighs.
Lengths correspond to the installed length visible.
Lengths do depend upon the allotrope, or form of the element, to some extent.
Lengths exclude filter section.
Lengths given are approximate.
Lengths go to extremes, from micro shorts to maxi coats.
Lengths representing the circumference of the duct reel are a good place to start.
Lengths start at one meter.
Lengths vary from a few kilometers for beginners to ten or more kilometers for experts.
Lengths vary from a half page to one page.
Lengths vary with frequency.
Length always has a greater value than width.
All length are total length in cm, using the bottom lobe of the caudal fin.
All lengths approximate.
All lengths are in centimetres.
All lengths are in millimetres.
All lengths are total length in cm, using the bottom lobe of the caudal fin.
All lengths quoted are approximate.
All lengths shown are in inches.
Any length is acceptable, from short vignettes to novels.
Any length is available.
Any length is fine, except epics.
Any length is fine.
Any length is possible.
Any length is too long.
Any length is too short.
Most lengths are in tenths of millimetres.
Most lengths have a fixed value.
Some length depends on severity.
Some length has effects.
Some length has significant effects.
Some length is divided by length.
Lengthened life is due entirely to an increase in postreproductive life span.
Lengthwise growth occurs at specific areas, the epiphyses, located at each end of the long bones.
Lengthy absences interrupt the flow of classroom activity, concept development and content mastery.
Lengthy abstracts give complete and accurate descriptions of the materials.
Lengthy article appears to be basically sound.
Lengthy articles are clearly organized and understandable.
Lengthy articles cover names, concepts, and schools of thought.
Lengthy articles report on living leaders in all fields and around the world.
Lengthy bibliographies accompany each chapter.
Lengthy bibliographies follow essays.
Lengthy bibliographies follow many entries.
Lengthy bibliographies follow the essays.
Lengthy bibliographies serve as literature reviews on the topics.
Lengthy calls made during lunch or break periods are prime candidates for abuse.
Lengthy chapters provide extensive overviews.
Lengthy chapters provide overviews.
Most lengthy chapters provide extensive overviews.
Most lengthy chapters provide overviews.
Lengthy citations hide in their own niche, unseen unless called upon.
Lengthy comment is needless.
Lengthy commitment is in vogue.
Lengthy contact allows a parent-child relationship to develop best.
Lengthy cooking can destroy folates.
Lengthy delays show up on the project's bottom line.
Any lengthy delay makes an organ donation impossible.
Any lengthy detention is subject to review by higher judicial authorities.
Lengthy discussions can develop around the energy use in different homes.
Lengthy documents can be difficult to read on a computer monitor.
Lengthy documentation tends to include non-behavioral information.
Lengthy examples show how to set up and send messages to a network of signs.
Lengthy explanations are boring.
Lengthy exposure can present with a distal motor neuropathy with wrist drop.
Lengthy exposures improve image contrast, but introduce blurring due to the Earth s rotation.
Lengthy films are difficult to sell.
Lengthy implementations consume enormous amounts of resource.
Lengthy interviews are a burden to the respondent.
Lengthy introduction explains various methodologies which are then illustrated by essays.
Lengthy introduction explains various methods of inquiry and cites authors and sources.
Lengthy investigations are a common form of punishment in Belarus.
Lengthy letters tend to wind up in the bottom of the pile.
Lengthy meetings can also be a major deterrent for attendance.
Lengthy menus offer such treats as ultra-sound or a pedicure as well as massage.
Lengthy monologues are out.
Lengthy notes are to be avoided.
Lengthy paragraphs are often difficult to read.
Lengthy periods have effects.
Most lengthy periods have effects.
Lengthy prayers leave little time for the specified silent pause.
Lengthy quotations fill up space.
Lengthy report culminates experience.
Lengthy responses are sometimes difficult to download through a modem connection.
Lengthy rest stops without off-loading are negative.
Lengthy shootouts are common events across Latin America.
Some lengthy statements follow episodes.
Lengthy storage decreases the activity and potency of many vitamins.
Lengthy studies can take up to a year or longer to complete.
Lengthy submissions can damage an applicant s chances of getting funded.
Lengthy telephone calls .
Lengthy text is in the public domain.
Lengthy texts slow the program down, though.
Lengthy transmission is wasteful and costly.
More lengthy transmissions prevent others from utilizing the system.
Lengthy treatment is necessary because the bacteria grow very slowly and hide very well.
Lengthy windows offer stunning views of trees and foliage.
Lenience is tolerance
Some lenience is provided during regular arrival and departure days for students.
Leniency is tolerance
Some leniency is possible on quizzes and the final exam because of the restricted time.
Lenient graders tend to receive more positive evaluation ratings than stringent graders.
Lennar executives point out two other values to buyers.
Lens capsules are part of eyes.
Most lens capsules are part of eyes.
Lens cortexes are part of eyes.
Most lens cortexes are part of eyes.
Lens distortion is a bad one but it is constant and once it is known it can be eliminated.
Lens distortion is ignored.
A lens hood is attachment
Lens hood is also optional.
Lens hoods are part of cameras.
Most lens hoods are part of cameras.
A lens implant is an implant
Lens implants have certain advantages.
Lens luxation can cause glaucoma and likewise chronic glaucoma can cause lens luxation.
Lens shift can still come to the rescue.
Lens speed is an issue.
Lens speed is defined as the maximum amount of light that the lens can transmit.
Lens speed is still acceptable with a teleconverter.
A lens is an optical device
LENS allows intricately curved channels to be fabricated while an object is being made.
Lens concentrates light on group of photoreceptors.
LENS extends earlier techniques of rapid prototyping and rapid manufacturing.
LENS is a leader in the field of corporate governance.
LENS is an activist money manager.
Lens isa device.
LENS maps various IDs and names of ESTs to each other.
Lens slides in and out of durable case for convenient, safe storage.
Lens slides into protective cover.
Lens tint to give maximum true color transmission.
Lens transmits light to receptors in the eye.
Lens zooms out to proper focal length just before shutter fires.
Lenses actually change effective focal length as the lens is focused from near to far.
Lenses also play a big part in controlling light.
Lenses alter the apparent size and distance of objects.
Lenses are also able to act as absolute or relative views that can magnify what they cover.
Lenses are also an important safety feature.
Lenses are also of a quality that never existed before.
Lenses are available as assemblies with fixed or variable focus, zoom or single elements.
Lenses are available in glass, regular and high index plastic, and polycarbonate.
Lenses are available in safety glass, regular plastic, and polycarbonate.
Lenses are available smoke tint with mirror or brown for contrast enhancement.
Lenses are channels.
Lenses are cheap.
Lenses are clear and fungus free.
Lenses are clear indoors and darken outdoors for greater comfort in the sun.
Lenses are clear, rounded pieces of glass or plastic that bend light to form pictures.
Lenses are cosmetically more appealing, as lenses appear nearly invisible.
Lenses are easy to change, store the unused lens in the zippered protective case.
Lenses are electronic equipment.
Lenses are everywhere and have a purpose.
Lenses are hard coated and Anti-fog treated both inside and out.
Lenses are in a variety of colors, too, including brown, grey and silver mirror.
Lenses are in excellent condition.
Lenses are in many cases the only way to study certain objects at high redshift.
Lenses are injection moulded high impact polycarbonate.
Lenses are located in cameras.
Lenses are located in eyes.
Lenses are located in glass.
Lenses are located in microscopes.
Lenses are located in telescopes.
Lenses are made of durable materials.
Lenses are made of glass.
Lenses are made of materials.
Lenses are made of resistant materials.
Lenses are more scratch resistant.
Lenses are near perfect.
Lenses are optical devices.
Lenses are organs.
Lenses are part of cameras.
Lenses are part of eyes.
Lenses are part of microscopes.
Lenses are part of optical instruments.
Lenses are plants.
Lenses are shaded and the frame turns tech detail into decoration.
Lenses are singulars.
Lenses are the same way, yet often even more expensive.
Lenses are typically single coated versus multi-coated.
Lenses are use to light and make objects appear larger than they really are.
Lenses are used for cameras.
Lenses are used for magnification.
Lenses are used for microscopes.
Lenses are used for telescopes.
Lenses are used in glasses and contacts to help correct vision.
Lenses are used to focus light.
Lenses are usually brand-specific.
Lenses are very nice.
Lenses bend beams.
Lenses bend light beams.
Lenses bend light in useful ways.
Lenses bend light.
Lenses Call for an appointment.
Lenses can also cause an allergic reaction.
Lenses can focus light and make images in a very similar way to mirrors.
Lenses can magnify, but they can also distort.
Lenses can offer localized views of onscreen objects with surrounding context.
Lenses can seamlessly incorporate a computer prescription like a bifocal.
Lenses can vary right off the production line.
Lenses cause parallel beams to converge or diverge.
Lenses change shapes.
Lenses Change the focal length of a lens combination.
Lenses Click for larger photo and details .
Lenses come in a variety of focal lengths.
Lenses come in both polarized and non-polarized styles.
Lenses create effects.
Lenses differ from one another in terms of their shape and the materials from which they are made.
Lenses enhance contrast to provide a clear, crisp view.
Lenses flip up.
Lenses focus light.
Lenses fold into case, assorted pastel colours.
Lenses have (part) sections.
Lenses have a different set of connections at the back.
Lenses have corneas.
Lenses have definable chromatic aberrations, and prisms have definable dispersion characteristics.
Lenses have effects.
Lenses have shapes.
Lenses have thickness.
Lenses have three main shapes .
Lenses have to be changed regularly.
Lenses help users.
Lenses include eyepieces.
Lenses include zoom eyepieces.
Lenses make effects.
Lenses provide a way to change how users can interact with objects.
Lenses range from extremely hard to hard, very firm or firm and are brittle.
Lenses reduce all UV to safe levels.
Lenses scratch up easily.
Lenses serve as prisms and bend light to a focal point.
Lenses serve to refract light at each boundary.
Lenses set in baffles in the walls bathe the chapel's interior in pools of natural light.
Lenses snap in and out with the aid of a suction cup placed in the center of the lens.
Lenses suffer from aberrations that distort images.
Lenses suffer from chromatic aberration.
Lenses swivel as one toward a promising break in the canopy.
Lenses tending towards amber are effective at filtering out blue light.
All lens caps plus leather lens case.
All lenses are anti-fog coated to eliminate condensation.
All lenses are color coated.
All lenses are computer focused for optimum image clarity.
All lenses are glass unless otherwise specified.
All lenses are multi-element glass lenses.
All lenses are polycarbonate unless otherwise stated.
All lenses are replaceable.
All lenses are subject to prior sale.
All lenses can be changes underwater and stored on a handy lens caddy.
All lenses come with a soft lens bag.
All lenses falloff toward the corners, and wide angle lenses are particularly susceptible.
All lenses glass unless otherwise specified.
All lenses let light into the camera through a hole.
All lenses offer advanced UV protection.
All lenses offer UV absorption and have a scratch-resistant coating.
All lenses produce images that are upside down.
Any lens can break with enough force.
Every lens exhibits it.
Every lens has a set of properties.
Every lens is checked for accuracy of optical properties as well as visual standards.
Many lenses have a white or silver line indicating the side to be held closest to the patient.
Most lenses are made of durable materials.
Most lenses are made of glass.
Most lenses are made of materials.
Most lenses are made of resistant materials.
Most lenses are oval.
Most lenses bend beams.
Most lenses bend light beams.
Most lenses bend light.
Most lenses can be factory refurbished if necessary.
Most lenses change shapes.
Most lenses create effects.
Most lenses focus light.
Most lenses have an optional exchange facility.
Most lenses have corneas.
Most lenses have effects.
Most lenses have shapes.
Most lenses have thickness.
Most lenses help users.
Most lenses make effects.
Most lenses perform very poorly when used with the aperture wide open.
Some lenses also introduce noticable spherical distortion, commonly known as a pin-cushion effect.
Some lenses also offer the flexibility of occasional overnight wear.
Some lenses are made of calcites.
Some lenses are made of crystal.
Some lenses are made of crystalline calcites.
Some lenses are made of flexible plastic.
Some lenses are made of plastic.
Some lenses are part of eyeglasseses.
Some lenses are part of frames.
Some lenses are part of periscopes.
Some lenses are part of submarines.
Some lenses are used by patients.
Some lenses become astronomical telescopes.
Some lenses become telescopes.
Some lenses being sold have stars or other patterns.
Some lenses create images.
Some lenses focus energy.
Some lenses focus heat energy.
Some lenses focus microwave radiation.
Some lenses focus radiation.
Some lenses have advantage.
Some lenses have an infrared guide to help.
Some lenses have dark energy.
Some lenses have depth.
Some lenses have energy.
Some lenses have power.
Some lenses produce dramatic effects.
Some lenses produce effects.
Some lenses provide expression.
Some lenses receive light.
Some lenses require a weekly enzyme treatment to remove protein deposits.
Lense flare is usually a product of taking pictures in the direction of the sun.
A lense is an optical device
Lense isa device.
Lenses also differ in color balance.
Lenses appear invisible.
Lenses are an important part of eyes.
Lenses are another critical component in the success of star and moonlight photography.
Lenses are available in clear, amber, smoke, and mirror.
Lenses are available in gray, brown, green or black mirror.
Lenses are available that can be worn continuously for about a week at a time.
Lenses are ground and polished to precision ophthalmic standards, made of optical quality glass.
Lenses are heavy and can only be supported around edges.
Lenses are impact resistant and are available in graduated shades of filtration.
Lenses are impact resistant and protected with an anti-scratch coating.
Lenses are in essence refracting objects with precisely machined curved surfaces.
Lenses are more comfortable and less irritating.
Lenses are multi-coated for balanced light transmission.
Lenses are never perfect.
Lenses are often irreplaceable.
Lenses are optical elements used to focus or defocus images.
Lenses are part of cameras.
Lenses are removable and easily exchanged.
Lenses are side coated black to block out all glare.
Lenses are so under used.
Lenses are special glass shapes that have at least one curved surface.
Lenses are special pieces of glass or plastic that are curved on one or both sizes.
Lenses are symbols of modern civilization.
Lenses are the most important part of seeing well.
Lenses are the most powerful tool available to alter human behavior.
Lenses are the primary means for presbyopia correction.
Lenses are the second important piece of the puzzle.
Lenses are to be paid for when an order is placed.
Lenses are usually much cheaper, readily available and much easier to align than mirrors.
Lenses are usually symmetric about an axis, called the lens axis .
Lenses are very easy to change.
Lenses are very slightly rounded rectangles.
Lenses bend light in different directions.
Lenses bend light.
Lenses bend, or refract, light.
Lenses can magnify objects and view objects in other locations.
Lenses come in a variety of materials.
Lenses come in different colors.
Lenses come in many colors for different lighting conditions.
Lenses come in many different powers and formats.
Lenses come in mauves and purples, browns and orange, greens, blues, etc.
Lenses consist of a lens mounted in an itegral holder.
Lenses flare is when the light reflects back and forth between the lenses in the camera.
Lenses focus light.
Lenses have (part) sections.
Lenses have about the same coating as nonreflective eyeglass lenses.
Lenses have anti-fog and scratch resistant treatments.
Lenses have far more impact on quality.
Lenses have three main shapes.
Lenses Make an offer.
Lenses naturally occur in eyes and are a good example.
Lenses placed in a trial frame help determine an eyeglass prescription.
Lenses produce a prism effect which causes the image to develop false color fringes.
Lenses remain firmly fixed while being ground, helping reduce errors, slippage and lost products.
Lenses swivel horizontally for optimum visual placement.
Lenses There are many similarities between lenses and mirrors.
Lenses use refraction to magnify an object or to make it appear smaller.
Lenses work because in different materials light has different a. wavelengths.
All lenses are available with or without a prescription.
All Lenses are color coated and corrected.
All lenses are computer focused for optimum image clarity.
All lenses are hard coated for durability.
All lenses are interchangeable.
All lenses are non prescription.
All lenses are single vision polycarbonate.
All lenses are that of the manufacturer unless otherwise noted.
All lenses come with a light blue handling tint, and have UV protection.
All lenses flare to some extent, and it can produce unusual effects.
All lenses meet or exceed ASTM standards for racquet sports.
Most lenses are either glass, plastic, or polycarbonate.
Most lenses are of decent quality. .
Most lenses are significantly worse in the coners than in the center, so look carefully there.
Most lenses have an aperture range over which they give their best performance.
Some lenses are designed for underwater use, some for land-only use and some are amphibious.
Some lenses move to vary the focal length and change the image size.
Some lenses use aspheric elements to better correct spherical aberration at wide apertures.
Lent days are the days of sacrificing.
Lents are festivals.
Lents are seasons.
Lenten penance is our way of restoring the balance.
A lenten rose is a hellebore
Lenten roses are less demanding, and more robust.
Lentic systems are easy to demonstrate in the classroom by using a simple aquarium set-up.
Lentic systems gain most of their energy from photosynthesis performed by aquatic plants and algae.
A lenticel is a pore
Lenticels are generally showy, tan-colored, irregular, and slightly raised.
Lenticels are large pores with a corky layer and enable the exchange of air.
Lenticels are localized enlargments of plant cells.
Lenticels are macroscopically as well as microscopically important.
Lenticels are pores in the skin that allow gas exchange.
Lenticels are present at the surface.
Lenticels are present in the bark.
Lenticels are prominent and tan colored.
Lenticels are small spots or strips on the bark where the tissue is softer and looser.
Lenticels are spongy regions of the bark that allow gas exchange.
Lenticels are stomas.
Lenticels are very prominent in some stems.
Lenticels occur as narrow vertical slits.
Lenticular clouds are caused by a wave wind pattern created by the mountains.
Lenticular clouds are characteristic of all mountain ranges and form in response to wind.
Lenticular clouds are lens-shaped clouds that can result from strong wind flow over rugged terrain.
Lenticular clouds are lens-shaped clouds that result from a strong wind over rugged terrain.
Lenticular clouds are nearly stationary with respect to the ground.
Lenticular clouds are smooth and solid in appearance and have been mistakenly photographed for UFOs.
Lenticular galaxies are sort of a cross between ellipticals and spirals.
Lenticular galaxies look like Spiral galaxies, but without the spiral arms.
Lenticular galaxies tend to look more like elliptical galaxies than spiral galaxies.
Lenticular images are also usually clearer and more defined than holograms.
Lenticular images can display multiple images for the same client.
Lenticular sclerosis is a normal age-related change in the canine eye.
Lenticular screen is a lens system consisting of a screen containing a number of small lenses.
Lenticular screens have thin ridges in the viewing surface.
Lenticulus clouds can form whenever the air flow undulates in a regular pattern.
A lentigo is a macula
Lentigines see age spots .
Lentigines usually appear later in life and can occur in all skin types.
Many lentigines indicate excessive photodamage and increased risk of sun-induced skin cancer.
Lentil salad is nutritious and easy to make.
Lentil soup is always the first course of dinner.
Lentil soup is one of the staples of Indian cuisine.
Lentil soup is soup
A lentil is a legume
Lentil are good when washed and carefully boiled in fresh water.
Lentil is adapted to all soil types, from sand to clay loam, if there is good internal drainage.
Lentil is adapted to all soil types, provided drainage is adequate.
Lentil is adapted to cool growing conditions, and the young plants are tolerant of spring frosts.
Lentil is an edible legume or pulse crop.
Lentil isa vegetable.
Lentil produced in North America has larger seeds than that from India and the Near East.
Lentil provides an exciting accent to many cuisines.
Lentils are a good source of protein, iron and some of the B vitamins.
Lentils are a great source of satiating protein and fiber.
Lentils are a low residue-producing crop.
Lentils are a staple in Nepal.
Lentils are a staple in the Indian diet.
Lentils are a super source for folic acid.
Lentils are an underappreciated legume.
Lentils are another food with naturally high nutritional content.
Lentils are complex carbohydrates, a nutritional category known to have substantial health.
Lentils are disc-shaped legumes similar in size to peas.
Lentils are legumes.
Lentils are low in calories, low fat, cholesterol free and inexpensive.
Lentils are low in fat and have a very short cooking time.
Lentils are often mixed with grains , such as rice , which results in a complete protein dish .
Lentils are often mixed with grains, such as rice, which results in a complete protein dish.
Lentils are part of lentils.
Lentils are particularly important in India today.
Lentils are plants.
Lentils are poor competitors so weed free conditions are essential.
Lentils are poor competitors with weeds.
Lentils are relatively tolerant to drought and are grown throughout the world .
Lentils are relatively tolerant to drought and are grown throughout the world.
Lentils are relatively tolerant to drought, and are grown throughout the world.
Lentils are rich in beneficial antioxidants, folates, protein, minerals and B vitamins.
Lentils are sold in many forms , with or without the skins , whole or split .
Lentils are sold in many forms, with or without the skins, whole or split.
Lentils are susceptible to aschochyta blight and anthracnose.
Lentils are the most popular source of nutrition for the vegetarian diet.
Lentils are the second largest special crop produced in Canada after dry peas.
Lentils are the second largest special crop produced in Canada, after dry peas.
Lentils are used throughout India , the Mediterranean regions and the Middle East .
Lentils are used throughout India, the Mediterranean regions and the Middle East.
Lentils are virtually fat-free, low in sodium, and a rich source of complex carbohydrates.
Lentils are well adapted to semi-arid, cool conditions.
Lentils come in colors that range from yellow to red-orange to green , brown and black .
Lentils come in colors that range from yellow to red-orange to green, brown and black.
Lentils contain more folate than any other unfortified food.
Lentils grow best on flat or slightly rolling land.
Lentils have a distinctive earthy flavor .
Lentils have a distinctive earthy flavor.
Lentils have a mild, often earthy flavor, and they're best if cooked with assertive flavorings.
Lentils have good commercial prospects, both for import substitution and export.
Lentils have the second-highest ratio of protein per calorie of any legume, after soybeans .
Lentils hold a prominent place in the Moroccan diet.
Lentils run the color gamut from green to yellow, and the size gamut from small to even smaller.
Lentils tend to have higher levels of Ascochyta infection than peas.
Lentils work well in a rotation with cereals, such as spring or durum wheat.
Lentils work well in a slow cooker.
Some lentils have gases.
Leo children thrive on laughter, drama and socializing as long as they're in their comfort zone.
Leo constellation lies in the northern sky.
Leo dogs are fiercely loyal and obedient.
Leo dogs love to be admired and groomed.
Leo people are stylish and fashionable.
Leo pets have a long memory and tend to have a long life span.
Leo runners are courageous, protective, proud and powerful.
LEO satellites are cheaper to build and launch and have lower propagation delays.
Leo women are often famous for their beauty.
Leo has (part) arms.
Leo has (part) body substances.
Leo has (part) cell membranes.
Leo has (part) cells.
Leo has (part) corpi.
Leo has (part) cytoplasm.
Leo has (part) heads.
Leo has (part) human bodies.
Leo has (part) legs.
Leo has (part) material bodies.
Leo has (part) necks.
Leo has (part) nuclei.
Leo has (part) personality.
Leo has (part) plasma membranes.
Leo has (part) sections.
Leo has (part) vacuoles.
Leo isa individual.
Leo isa person.
Leo isa somebody.
Leo isa someone.
A leone is an unit
Leone believes the best world class art keenly emphasizes kinesthetic perceptions.
Leone focuses on investments in the software, hardware and communications sectors.
Leone helps fly.
Leone is a preacher who, ten years ago was a championship boxer.
Leone is cryptic yet intriguing.
Leone is wary of making a commitment.
Leone knows how to build tension betwen characters.
Leone says refining and building the business mix is a top priority.
Leone says that's because much of the previous research was based on surveys.
Leone says the results are delicious.
Leone unfastens the end of the bandage and slowly pulls away the outer layer.
Leones are solitary animals.
Leonese language is taught in sixteen schools.
Leonese language is the language of the province .
Leonese language is the language of the province.
Leonid meteors are very swift, often bright and commonly trained.
Leonid meteoroids are no bigger than a grain of sand.
Leonid storm live on internet, as seen from the ARIA aircraft by a high definition TV camera.
Leopard darters have very round spots on their sides with very crisp margins.
Leopard darters occur in relatively low densities throughout their distribution.
A leopard frog is a toad
Leopard frogs are cold blooded animals.
Leopard frogs are green and have rounded spots.
Leopard frogs are native to the Nearctic region.
Leopard frogs are slender and are smooth-skinned.
Leopard frogs are solitary outside of the breeding season, but tolerant of other leopard frogs.
Leopard frogs are the familiar frogs used in biological studies and are considered true frogs.
Leopard frogs are true frogs.
Leopard frogs are white in the same area.
Leopard frogs have an immense range in North America.
Leopard frogs have circular spots .
Leopard frogs have circular spots.
Leopard frogs have glands.
Leopard frogs have hind legs.
Leopard frogs have legs.
Leopard frogs have powerful hind legs.
Leopard frogs have powerful legs.
Leopard frogs have spots.
Leopard frogs leap into water.
Leopard frogs migrate to ponds.
Leopard frogs move considerable distances from water especially in wet grasslands or damp woodlands.
Leopard frogs spend the day hiding among the tall grass and emerge toward evening to feed.
Most leopard frogs have glands.
Most leopard frogs have hind legs.
Most leopard frogs have legs.
Most leopard frogs have powerful hind legs.
Most leopard frogs have powerful legs.
Most leopard frogs have spots.
Leopard geckos are a nocturnal species so no form of UV lighting is necessary.
Leopard geckos are arid creatures.
Leopard geckos are carnivorous and feed mostly on invertebrates.
Leopard geckos are considered fairly easy to breed.
Leopard geckos are fun to have as pets, and very cute.
Leopard geckos are gentle, hardy and long-lived reptiles.
Leopard geckos are inquisitive lizards that are fairly easy to keep.
Leopard geckos are long-lived compared to some reptiles.
Leopard geckos are more terrestrial than geckos with adhesive toes.
Leopard geckos are native to western India, Pakistan and Afghanistan.
Leopard geckos are nocturnal, ground dwelling geckos that are generally docile and easy to tame.
Leopard geckos are probably the most easily kept lizard.
Leopard geckos are relatively easy to breed.
Leopard geckos are reptiles.
Leopard geckos are undoubtedly one of the best reptile pets available today.
Leopard geckos are widespread in captivity as pets.
Leopard geckos come from a dry environment, but require some humidity and water.
Leopard geckos do shed their skin.
Leopard geckos drink water.
Leopard geckos eat bugs.
Leopard geckos eat insects.
Leopard geckos eat mostly insects.
Leopard geckos eat primarily insects.
Leopard geckos emerge at dusk to hunt for prey.
Leopard geckos have tails.
Leopard geckos inhabit arid regions, particularly rocky deserts and sparse grasslands.
Leopard geckos inhabit arid regions.
Leopard geckos inhabit regions.
Leopard geckos live in India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan.
Leopard geckos lose all of their food and some water supply when they lose their tails.
Leopard geckos need water.
Leopard geckos reach maturity.
Leopard geckos reach sexual maturity at the age of one to three years .
Leopard geckos reach sexual maturity at the age of one to three years.
Leopard geckos reach sexual maturity.
Leopard geckos require a shallow dish for water and a calcium source.
Leopard geckos require humidity.
Leopard geckos shed skin.
Leopard geckos shed their skin about once a month, although the exact timing varies with age.
Most leopard geckos drink water.
Most leopard geckos eat bugs.
Most leopard geckos eat insects.
Most leopard geckos have a yellow background with brown spots covering the adults.
Most leopard geckos have tails.
Most leopard geckos inhabit arid regions.
Most leopard geckos inhabit regions.
Most leopard geckos reach maturity.
Most leopard geckos reach sexual maturity.
Most leopard geckos require humidity.
Most leopard geckos shed skin.
Some leopard geckos bite one legs.
Some leopard geckos consume sand.
Some leopard geckos drop tails.
Some leopard geckos eat substrate.
Some leopard geckos emerge at nights.
Some leopard geckos have eyelids.
Some leopard geckos have problems.
Some leopard geckos require light.
Leopard lizards prefer areas.
Most leopard lizards prefer areas.
A leopard plant is a herb
Leopard plant likes fertile, moist soil and bright shade.
Leopard plant produces yellow flowers in the fall.
Leopard seal rests on Antarctic ice.
Leopard seals are a noisy species making a variety of sounds below water.
Leopard seals are carnivorous and their prey includes tiny krill, fish and sea birds.
Leopard seals are earless seals.
Leopard seals are excellent swimmers, using both the front and hind flippers to swim.
Leopard seals are extremely beautiful and yet somewhat scary animals.
Leopard seals are fierce predators.
Leopard seals are found around the pack ice edges of the Antarctic continent.
Leopard seals are mammals.
Leopard seals are rather cumbersome on land and do their feeding in the water.
Leopard seals are solitary and few pups have ever been observed.
Leopard seals eat krill and penguins.
Leopard seals have heads.
Leopard seals have huge almost reptilian heads and a long slender body.
Leopard seals have huge heads with enormous jaws.
Leopard seals have sharp teeth and are aggressive.
Leopard seals have very individual tastes.
Leopard seals like to eat older birds.
Leopard seals use their powerful jaws and long teeth to kill smaller seals, fish, and squid.
Most leopard seals have heads.
Leopard sharks eat a variety of prey including fish, shrimp, clams and crabs.
Leopard sharks eat mainly bottom-dwelling fishes and invertebrates.
Leopard sharks range in size from three to six feet long and school in the shallows in the summer.
Leopard skin is thought to be such an exotic pattern.
Leopard tortoises are herbivorous .
Some leopard tortoises become pets.
Some leopard tortoises have carapaces.
Some leopard tortoises have homes.
A leopard is fur
Leopard attack a freak occurrence, says vet.
Leopard casts a silent stare.
Leopard concentrates on developing speed and agility.
Leopard cub in hollow tree trunk.
Leopard frogs live in ponds and wet areas.
Leopard frogs on the move.
Leopard goes with anything.
Leopard grows and keeps filling out until they are two years old.
Leopard have tall trees to climb and eat in.
Leopard is much better.
Leopard is really in right now.
Leopard is the main predator of okapi.
Leopard is the only natural enemy of the okapi in the wild.
Leopard isa feline.
Leopard occur in the area.
Leopard occurs in both the spotted and black phases.
Leopard pillows on chairs bring out the theme of the safari tablecloth .
Leopard prints with the safari theme are another classic look.
Leopard roam the yellowwood forests and hyenas howl as they scavenge urban detritus by night.
Leopard seals prey on penguins and small seals as well as on krill , squid, and fish.
Leopards adapt to changes in their environment well, but are beginning to decline in numbers.
Leopards also eat smaller animals including rodents, rabbits, and even large insects.
Leopards also roam, but catching a glimpse of one is a rare treat.
Leopards are a threatened species due to loss of habitat, loss of prey, and over-hunting.
Leopards are agile and have been known to leap from trees on to prey.
Leopards are also the best tree climbers.
Leopards are amazingly well camouflaged and they are dead quiet when walking.
Leopards are among the most widely distributed wild cats.
Leopards are animals.
Leopards are awesome in their extreme beauty and power.
Leopards are basically solitary and go out of their way to avoid one another.
Leopards are beautiful and ferocious animals and generally come out during night.
Leopards are beautiful animals with a silky coat.
Leopards are big and smart felines that feed on meat from multiple animals.
Leopards are big cats.
Leopards are big on spraying too.
Leopards are black.
Leopards are carnivores.
Leopards are carnivores.
Leopards are cats.
Leopards are endangered species.
Leopards are excellent climbers and like to ambush prey from above.
Leopards are extremely territorial animals.
Leopards are fast runners, good swimmers and excellent tree climbers.
Leopards are felines.
Leopards are found in a variety of habitats including forests, mountains, grassland and deserts.
Leopards are found in the wild from South Africa to the far East of Russia.
Leopards are fur.
Leopards are gold, camel, tan and brown.
Leopards are graceful and powerful big cats closely related to lions, tigers, and jaguars.
Leopards are great generalists in terms of habitat use.
Leopards are less protected than tigers as they often move out of the sanctuaries in search of food.
Leopards are loners.
Leopards are mammals.
Leopards are medium-sized cats found in a range of colors from pale yellow to gray to chestnut.
Leopards are more difficult to spot on safari, since they move mainly at night.
Leopards are most active at night, but they are also eternal opportunists.
Leopards are native to much of Africa and Asia.
Leopards are nearly always solitary, except for brief courtship's and mating periods.
Leopards are nocturnal because in the midday leopards climb into trees and rest.
Leopards are operating systems.
Leopards are opportunistic hunters.
Leopards are panthers.
Leopards are plentiful in zoos making placement for offspring difficult.
Leopards are predatory animals.
Leopards are predominantly solitary animals and have large hunting territories.
Leopards are primarily nocturnal, usually resting during the daytime in trees or thick bush.
Leopards are quite numerous, particularly near the park headquarters.
Leopards are rare and, normally, extremely shy.
Leopards are resident and are often encountered on night drives.
Leopards are so cunning that they often outsmart humans.
Leopards are solitary and territorial animals.
Leopards are solitary creatures, who depend solely on themselves for their survival.
Leopards are solitary, nocturnal, and secretive cats.
Leopards are still to be found in Israel and Jordan.
Leopards are strong enough to kill a large antelope, and are excellent tree climbers.
Leopards are the foremost predators of gorillas.
Leopards are the most adaptable of the big cats.
Leopards are the most aggressive of the large carnivores when wounded or cornered.
Leopards are the most beautiful and graceful animals on earth.
Leopards are the most dargerous kind of big cat, in the cat family.
Leopards are the most feared of the wild cats in Africa, due to their cunning hunting behavior.
Leopards are the most successful .
Leopards are the most successful hunters of the cat family.
Leopards are the most successful hunters.
Leopards are the only African big cat which habitat ranges from rain forests to the desert .
Leopards are the only animals in their range that have the ability to kill an adult gorilla.
Leopards are the widest-ranging big cat, and one of the most adaptable.
Leopards are truly amazing cats.
Leopards are very good at stalking their prey.
Leopards are very opportunistic animals and have an extremely flexible diet.
Leopards can adapt to almost any environment.
Leopards can change their spots.
Leopards can climb the trees.
Leopards can climb very well.
Leopards can drag three times their own body weight high into the tree tops.
Leopards can hoist twice their body weight up a tree.
Leopards can kill calves rather than a fully grown nilgai unlike the lion.
Leopards can live in forests, grasslands, swamp areas and dry desert-like regions.
Leopards can live in forests, grasslands, swampy areas, and dry desert-like regions.
Leopards can live in the wild a long time.
Leopards currently range from the tip of southern Africa to the Far East.
Leopards eat birds, monkeys, gazelles, wild pigs, antelope, and cattle.
Leopards eat prey.
Leopards eat the nose, heart, tungs, and liver.
Leopards exist and can be spotted on the night drives.
Leopards feed on a wide variety of prey.
Leopards gaze with amber eyes from the doorsteps.
Leopards have (part) brains.
Leopards have (part) breasts.
Leopards have (part) cell membranes.
Leopards have (part) cells.
Leopards have (part) chest cavities.
Leopards have (part) chests.
Leopards have (part) corpi.
Leopards have (part) cytoplasm.
Leopards have (part) ears.
Leopards have (part) faces.
Leopards have (part) heads.
Leopards have (part) nuclei.
Leopards have (part) pads.
Leopards have (part) paws.
Leopards have (part) piluses.
Leopards have (part) plasma membranes.
Leopards have (part) rib cages.
Leopards have (part) sections.
Leopards have (part) skulls.
Leopards have (part) sterna.
Leopards have (part) vacuoles.
Leopards have a distinctive call that sounds like a wood plank being cut with a saw.
Leopards have an unusual language.
Leopards have canine teeth.
Leopards have claws that are retractable, hooked, and very sharp.
Leopards have faces.
Leopards have fur.
Leopards have spots.
Leopards have tails.
Leopards have teeth.
Leopards have the ability to kill an adult gorilla.
Leopards have the widest range of any species of cat in Africa and Asia.
Leopards have very thin coats of fur.
Leopards hunt prey.
Leopards kill animals.
Leopards kill antelopes.
Leopards kill hyenas.
Leopards kill large animals.
Leopards kill prey.
Leopards like to eat animals.
Leopards like to stay in trees more than any cat.
Leopards live a solitary life except when mating.
Leopards live in a variety of habitats including forests , mountains, grassland and deserts .
Leopards live in Africa and Asia.
Leopards live in Africa and jaguars live in South and Central America.
Leopards live in Africa.
Leopards live in mountains.
Leopards live in regions.
Leopards live in the Middle East, parts of Asia, and Africa.
Leopards mark territory.
Leopards prefer rocky mountain areas and forests.
Leopards pull prey.
Leopards represent significant cause of death for adult okapi.
Leopards reproduce sexually through the mating of males and females.
Leopards seek prey.
Leopards share terrains.
Leopards signify a valiant and hardy warrior who enterprises hazardous things by force and courage.
Leopards sleep on tree limbs without falling.
Leopards spend a lot of their time on trees and are forest animals.
Leopards spend a lot of time in trees, often sleeping draped over a branch.
Leopards still occur here and the trail leads through pristine country seen by very few people.
Leopards tend to eat antelopes and similarly sized herd animals.
Leopards tend to stay well hidden in brush and trees.
Leopards wait for prey.
Leopards always go for the weak or young.
Leopards often store their kills in trees, out of the reach of lions and hyenas.
Leopards usually cover their prey with leaves.
Leopards usually eat their entire skin in the process of shedding.
All leopards have black spots.
Many leopards inhabit the park as do buffalo and waterbuck.
Most leopard frogs leap into water.
Most leopards are pale tan, and are marked with broken circles of black spots.
Most leopards eat prey.
Most leopards have canine teeth.
Most leopards have faces.
Most leopards have spots.
Most leopards have tails.
Most leopards have teeth.
Most leopards kill animals.
Most leopards kill antelopes.
Most leopards kill hyenas.
Most leopards kill large animals.
Most leopards kill prey.
Most leopards live in Africa.
Most leopards live in mountains.
Most leopards live in regions.
Most leopards mark territory.
Most leopards pull prey.
Most leopards seek prey.
Most leopards wait for prey.
Some leopard frogs live in meadows.
Some leopard frogs live in wet meadows.
Some leopard frogs live up to years.
Some leopards are melanistic, which produces a black fur.
Some leopards eat antelopes.
Some leopards eat gibbons.
Some leopards eat marmots.
Some leopards have different patterns.
Some leopards have patterns.
Some leopards have rosette patterns.
Some leopards have spot patterns.
Some leopards kill calves.
Some leopards kill deer.
Some leopards kill goats.
Some leopards kill livestock.
Some leopards kill mothers.
Some leopards live in Asia.
Some leopards live in countries.
Some leopards live in forests.
Some leopards live in jungle.
Some leopards live in Kenya.
Some leopards live on mountains.
Some leopards threaten livestock.
A leotard is a garment
Leotards are garments.
Leotards are okay.
All leotards come with a dance cut bottom unless specified otherwise.
Every leotard comes with a FREE matching hair scrunchie .
Leper colonies are now a thing of the past, as the disease is now curable.
A leper is an outcast
Leper lies there, crying and laughing on the floor.
Lepers are indeed a stand-in for people who are ostracized and rejected from society.
Lepers are nothing compared to that guy who sleeps on the steps.
Lepers have no way to tell when they are hurting themselves.
Lepers lose fingers, toes, sometimes noses.
Lepers shows how three outcasts deal with their isolation from society.
Lepidopteran marvels abound.
Lepidopteran pests are on the rise, including cabbage loopers and fruitworms.
Lepidopteran pests are on the rise, particularly cabbage loopers.
A lepidopteran is an insect
Lepidopterans are an important component of biological diversity.
Lepidopterans are insects.
Lepidopterans go through 'complete metamorphosis'.
All lepidopterans share a magical change.
Lepidopterists are entomologists who study butterflies and or moths.
Lepidopterous larvae appear to be a favorite food.
Lepidopterous larvae are another good source.
Lepidote rhododendrons have small leaves and are often dwarf or low growing.
A leporid is a mammal
Leporids are prized for their fur, meat, recreational hunting and as pets.
Leporids generally produce several litters per year.
A leprechaun is an imp
Leprechaun isa elf.
Leprechauns are a race of cobblers whose craftsmanship is beyond compare.
Leprechauns are aloof and unfriendly, they possess hidden pots of gold.
Leprechauns are aloof and unsocial able live alone, make shoes, and have a pot of gold.
Leprechauns are also common decorations.
Leprechauns are always difficult to find and harder to contact.
Leprechauns are carnivorous.
Leprechauns are creatures.
Leprechauns are dwarf-like creatures who strongly resemble men.
Leprechauns are elf.
Leprechauns are fairy.
Leprechauns are from Ireland.
Leprechauns are imaginary beings.
Leprechauns are keepers of the gold, burying there treasures in pots or crocks.
Leprechauns are little make-believe fairies from Ireland.
Leprechauns are little make-believe fairies that live in Ireland.
Leprechauns are people.
Leprechauns are probably the best known beings of Irish folklore.
Leprechauns are probably the most powerful, but tend to work alone.
Leprechauns are solitary creatures and spend their time making shoes and brogues.
Leprechauns are some pissed off little dudes.
Leprechauns are tiny people dressed in green and they collect pots of gold.
Leprechauns are tiny, wizened old men and women fairies.
Leprechauns are tricky folks.
Leprechauns are tricky.
Leprechauns are widespread in Ireland and the nearby isles.
Leprechauns bury a crock of gold at the end of a rainbow.
Leprechauns enjoy playing tricks on people.
Leprechauns guard the fairies' treasures.
Leprechauns keep pots of gold hidden away in a special place.
Leprechauns know where fortunes are hidden, and make shoes and other necessities for the fairies.
Leprechauns live a secluded life making shoes and protecting their pots of gold.
Leprechauns live in Ireland like normal people.
Leprechauns love apples.
Leprechauns love to play tricks on everyone.
Leprechauns never lie.
Leprechauns spend their entire lives collecting and hoarding gold coins.
Leprechauns supposedly carry two leather pouches.
Leprechauns teach a humorous tale.
Leprechauns traditionally work as cobblers.
Leprechauns always dress in green frock coats that have seven silver buttons.
All leprechauns possess a hidden crock of gold.
All leprechauns possesses a hidden crock of gold.
Every leprechaun has a hidden pot of gold.
Most leprechauns live to be about three hundred years old.
Lepromatous leprosy creates both skin lesions and nodules as well as a chronically stuffy nose.
Lepromatous leprosy is an infectious disease
Lepromatous leprosy is much more contagious than tuberculoid leprosy.
Leptin deficiency enhances sensitivity to endotoxin-induced lethality.
Leptomeningeal disease is a common manifestation of neurosarcoidosis.
A lepton is an unit
Leptons are elementary particles.
Leptons are fermions.
Leptons are fundamental particles.
Leptons are stand-alone particles such as electrons and neutrinos.
Leptons are subatomic particles.
Leptons are the light particles of the weak interaction.
Leptons are their own fundamental particles.
Leptons can either carry one unit of electric charge or be neutral.
Leptons have no strong interactions.
Leptons interact by the electromagnetic interaction and the weak interaction .
Leptopspiral vaccines are still in wide use in dogs in the United States.
A leptospira is a spirochaete
Leptospira isa bacterium.
Leptospiras exhibit characteristic cork-screw motility.
Leptospiras have (part) cell membranes.
Leptospiras have (part) cells.
Leptospiras have (part) corpi.
Leptospiras have (part) cytoplasm.
Leptospiras have (part) flagella.
Leptospiras have (part) nuclei.
Leptospiras have (part) plasma membranes.
Leptospiras have (part) sections.
Leptospiras have (part) vacuoles.
Leptospiral organisms cause infection in the kidneys and are excreted in urine.
Leptospirosis affects the kidneys and liver.
Leptospirosis also threatens pets.
Leptospirosis also transmits via the semen of infected animals.
Leptospirosis can affect many parts of the body and equally affects both humans and animals.
Leptospirosis can affect many parts of the body.
Leptospirosis can affect the central nervous system, eyes, liver, kidneys and reproductive organs.
Leptospirosis can build up unrecognized in a herd.
Leptospirosis can cause fever, headache, severe muscle pain, fatigue, and gastrointestinal upset.
Leptospirosis can cause meningitis and liver disease as well as generalized fevers and aches.
Leptospirosis can develop in any age, breed or gender of dogs.
Leptospirosis causes lethargy, depression, decreased appetite, vomiting, fever, and jaundice.
Leptospirosis exists globally, but is more common in tropical and subtropical parts of the world.
Leptospirosis has little affect on the health of wildlife.
Leptospirosis has two major phases, a flu-like stage and a more severe second stage.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease and is more commonly associated with animals in tropical areas.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease associated with wild and domestic animals.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease of cats that can also spread to dogs and humans.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease that affects humans and animals.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease that can be mild or severe and can cause death.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease that effects humans and animals.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial disease which can affect many animals.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial infection caused by spirochetes.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial infection that affects both humans and animals.
Leptospirosis is a bacterial infection that many animals, including raccoons, can transmit.
Leptospirosis is a communicable disease acquired through contact with the urine of infected animals.
Leptospirosis is a corkscrew shaped bacteria.
Leptospirosis is a disease caused by a group of bacteria called leptospires.
Leptospirosis is a disease caused by a related group of spiral-shaped bacteria.
Leptospirosis is a disease is caused by spiral shaped bacteria called leptospires.
Leptospirosis is a disease of worldwide significance that infects both animals and humans.
Leptospirosis is a disease that is caused by bacteria and associated with animals.
Leptospirosis is a disease that occurs worldwide.
Leptospirosis is a disease transmitted through contact with contaminated rat urine.
Leptospirosis is a disease which is quite uncommon in Wisconsin.
Leptospirosis is a parasitic disease transmitted by animals.
Leptospirosis is a potentially serious illness that can affect many parts of the body.
Leptospirosis is a relatively rare bacterial infection in humans .
Leptospirosis is a relatively rare bacterial infection in humans.
Leptospirosis is a relatively rare disease that affects few dogs.
Leptospirosis is a serious bacterial disease that can damage the liver and kidneys.
Leptospirosis is a so-called zoonotic disease that can be transmitted from animals to humans.
Leptospirosis is a type of bacterial infection spread by animals.
Leptospirosis is a ubiquitous disease found throughout the world.
Leptospirosis is a very common water borne disease among animals.
Leptospirosis is a well-documented laboratory hazard.
Leptospirosis is a widespread zoonosis that is endemic in most temperate and tropical climates.
Leptospirosis is a zoonosis of worldwide distribution.
Leptospirosis is a zoonotic disease , meaning it can be passed from animals to humans.
Leptospirosis is a zoonotic disease with a worldwide distribution affecting most mammalian species.
Leptospirosis is a zoonotic disease
Leptospirosis is a zoonotic disease, which means it can be spread from animals to people.
Leptospirosis is a zoonotic disease.
Leptospirosis is also a problem in deteriorating inner cities that are infested with rats.
Leptospirosis is also important because it can cause very serious disease and even death.
Leptospirosis is an animal disease that can infect humans.
Leptospirosis is an important and relatively complex infectious disease of dogs.
Leptospirosis is an infectious disease that affects humans and animals.
Leptospirosis is another disease that can be transmitted to gerbils.
Leptospirosis is associated with abortion, stillbirth, and neonatal infection in horses.
Leptospirosis is caused by a bacterium that can infect all mammals, including humans.
Leptospirosis is caused by a microorganism spread by infected animals, especially rodents or dogs.
Leptospirosis is caused by infection with a spirochete, a spiral-shaped bacterium.
Leptospirosis is confirmed by laboratory testing of a blood or urine sample.
Leptospirosis is considered to be a reemerging disease of companion animals.
Leptospirosis is diseases.
Leptospirosis is extremely rare.
Leptospirosis is found in the urine of animals.
Leptospirosis is found throughout the world.
Leptospirosis is is re-emerging as a treat to canine and human health.
Leptospirosis is more common in tropical and subtropical areas of the world.
Leptospirosis is most common in hot, humid environments.
Leptospirosis is much less severe if it is treated promptly.
Leptospirosis is present worldwide, and is more common in tropical countries with heavy rainfall.
Leptospirosis is pretty much unheard of in the laboratory animal facility.
Leptospirosis is spread in the urine of infected animals.
Leptospirosis is spread through a water supply that has been infected by rats urine.
Leptospirosis is spread through urine of carrier animals.
Leptospirosis is spread to humans by animals.
Leptospirosis is transmitted either directly between animals or indirectly through the environment.
Leptospirosis is treatable with antibiotics prescribed by a physician.
Leptospirosis is treatable with antibiotics.
Leptospirosis is treated with a course of antibiotics .
Leptospirosis is treated with antibiotics.
Leptospirosis is, however, considered rare in cats.
Leptospirosis needs to be considered in differential diagnosis.
Leptospirosis occurring during pregnancy is ominous.
Leptospirosis occurs in many wild and domestic animals.
Leptospirosis occurs in sheep and goats with less frequency than in cattle and swine.
Leptospirosis occurs most often in the summer and in warm climates.
Leptospirosis occurs on a worldwide basis, especially in subtropical climates.
Leptospirosis occurs sporadically or as a common-source outbreak.
Leptospirosis occurs worldwide and threatens cattle in Alabama and the southeastern United States.
Leptospirosis occurs worldwide but is most common in temperate or tropical climates.
Leptospirosis responds well to treatment, especially if started early in the illness.
Many leptosporangiate ferns have an annulus around the sporangium, which ejects the spores.
Lerosian vines grow the sweetest of grapes in all of Greece.
Les expressions faciales des personnages sont impressionantes.
Les formations myelolipomaleuses.
Les gals are dynamic.
Les indications suivantes vous mettront sur la voie.
Les informations dispensees sont fiables.
Les informations les concernant sont volontairement succinctes.
Les passages consacres a SD sont plutot superficiels.
Les photos cannabiques des lecteurs.
Les photos sont non contractuelles.
Les questions sans r ponses sont de plus en plus nombreuses.
Les questions urgentes L'engagement du gouvernement envers l'industrie agricole.
Lesbian albatrosses become proud parents.
Lesbian artists present graphically rich images, cartoons and crafts.
Lesbian athletes fare no better.
Lesbian bookstores are acceptable casualties in the war against pornography, the war against words.
Lesbian clients have the option of attending a group with heterosexually identified women.
Lesbian comedians can lay it at the feet of homophobia.
Lesbian couple approaches a single gay male for a similar arrangement, or vice versa.
Lesbian couple makes a trip to a sperm bank and selects an anonymous donor.
Lesbian couples are different from each other.
Lesbian couples are different from gay male couples.
Lesbian couples are different from heterosexual couples.
Lesbian couples are in effectively the same situation as infertile heterosexual couples.
Lesbian couples become invisible, certainly in the eyes of the law.
Many lesbian couples stay together for decades.
Some lesbian couples ask male friends to donate sperm.
Lesbian culture is inseparable from the legacy of social activism and the struggle for justice.
Lesbian element is minor.
Lesbian feminism philosophies.
Lesbian friendship is here.
Lesbian girls are hot and play with sex toys.
Lesbian girlfriends are engaged sex far from extraneous gaze.
Lesbian history is even more difficult to recover.
Lesbian life is the process of processing the process.
Lesbian love is sacred when it is visionary, interconected and transformational.
Lesbian lovelies share their sweet juices.
Lesbian lovers click here.
Lesbian lovers lick pussy and dildo fuck.
Lesbian mother face numerous special questions and concerns.
Lesbian movie reviews.
Lesbian pink is full of labia licking lesbian lust honeys.
Lesbian pink is full of pussy licking lesbian horny cunts.
Lesbian pink is full of pussy licking lesbians.
Lesbian porn is hot.
Lesbian pussies are a sexy pussy.
Lesbian pussies love to lick each other, giving luxurious tongue-baths.
Lesbian relationships are disproportionately abusive.
Lesbian relationships are more egalitarian.
Lesbian relationships are no more transient than heterosexual relationships.
Lesbian relationships can get so siblinglike that sex just drops off the chart entirely.
Lesbian relationships tend to move very quickly.
Lesbian sex shows free lesbian porn girls eating pussy.
Lesbian sexuality is very scary to non-gays.
Lesbian sisters talk about their lives.
Lesbian sites are mammoth, as well as group sex sites.
Lesbian soldiers pose a different problem for the fundamentally male military.
Lesbian violence is caused by drugs, alcohol, stress, childhood abuse.
Lesbian violence occurs in feminist, radical feminist, traditional, and role-typed relationships.
Lesbian women welcome.
Most lesbian women have a female gender identity .
Most lesbian women have a female gender identity.
Lesbian writers reveal stories of their travels in eighteen literary pieces set around the world.
A lesbian is a homosexual
Lesbians also exist in all societies.
Lesbians appreciate that shyness is often a veil for the virtues.
Lesbians are a huge part of the fan base.
Lesbians are a whole other matter.
Lesbians are also part of women 's rights .
Lesbians are also part of women's rights.
Lesbians are always equal in relationships.
Lesbians are as diverse as heterosexual women.
Lesbians are as easily distracted as boys.
Lesbians are at the receiving end of increased brutality and harassment in Peru.
Lesbians are awesome.
Lesbians are both outside the law and within it.
Lesbians are currently one of the least infected populations.
Lesbians are experts at lateral thinking, expansive views and making things possible.
Lesbians are from all different ages, races, religions, income and educational groups.
Lesbians are gays.
Lesbians are homos.
Lesbians are homosexuals.
Lesbians are in all races, religions, ethnicities and socioeconomic classes.
Lesbians are just as likely as heterosexual women to contract sexually transmitted diseases.
Lesbians are just female fags.
Lesbians are lesbians because they love women.
Lesbians are like straight men, basically.
Lesbians are like that because they're fat.
Lesbians are man haters.
Lesbians are man-haters.
Lesbians are masculine.
Lesbians are mournful sentimentalists, dragging around ancient family baggage.
Lesbians are no longer willing to lie and hide and live in fear.
Lesbians are one such subgroup.
Lesbians are out to convert young girls.
Lesbians are people.
Lesbians are promiscuous and go from one relationship to another.
Lesbians are queers.
Lesbians are rich, poor, working class, and middle class.
Lesbians are so cool.
Lesbians are so polite.
Lesbians are totally invisible as always.
Lesbians are under-represented in most literature about homosexuality.
Lesbians are women that are feminine but like other women.
Lesbians are women who love women.
Lesbians are women who love, or are attracted to, other women.
Lesbians are young women and old women.
Lesbians can serve as models for sexual activity free from reproduction.
Lesbians come and meet and network.
Lesbians continue to face obstacles in the social welfare system when opting to adopt children.
Lesbians create the modern movement.
Lesbians do batter other lesbians.
Lesbians do get to play, albeit with discretion, in three strong movies.
Lesbians earn the same amount less per hour than men as straight women do.
Lesbians erotica teen sex wet panties.
Lesbians experience discrimination and stigmatization on the basis of gender and sexual orientation.
Lesbians fare much better.
Lesbians get good grade and bad grades.
Lesbians get out from the cinema feeling humiliated or angry.
Lesbians have broad features, are athletic, and wear masculine clothing.
Lesbians have male friends, too.
Lesbians have multiple identities.
Lesbians have no legal right to insemination, but there is nothing positively forbidding it either.
Lesbians have poorer relationships with their mothers than heterosexual woman.
Lesbians have really hot sex.
Lesbians have the best baby showers.
Lesbians have the best nipples.
Lesbians just prefer women.
Lesbians lick the prostitutes lingerie covered pussy lips, holes and clits.
Lesbians licks clits.
Lesbians like to dance and have parties.
Lesbians live in cities and in the country.
Lesbians live in the cities and in the country.
Lesbians look like everyone else, in all the variety of colors, sizes, and fashions.
Lesbians make poor spokesperson for women.
Lesbians make tasty sandwiches all night in raunchy and wet redhead lesbian videos.
Lesbians masturbate by cunt stuffing.
Lesbians obtain the products of sperm banks and have children.
Lesbians orgy to asian lesbians from japan.
Lesbians require all routine female health-care maintenance.
Lesbians respond with a pasteup.
Lesbians scare 'em.
Lesbians spend most of their lives running around like idiots on softball and rugby fields.
Lesbians talk about parenting and coming out.
Lesbians tend to be strongly Lilithian.
Lesbians wear their hair short.
Lesbians always fall in love with their therapists.
Lesbians usually live invisible, silent, secret lives.
Lesbians usually tend to have relationships with other women.
All lesbians affected by cancer are welcome.
All lesbians are man-haters.
All lesbians hate men.
All lesbians have short hair.
Many lesbians actively support gay male sexual politics.
Many lesbians also report being worried about their body image , especially as they get older.
Many lesbians are mothers.
Many lesbians choose it.
Many lesbians feel invisible when the term gay is used to refer to men and women.
Many lesbians hate the violent acts that many men commit.
Many lesbians have close male friends, and many gay men have close women friends.
Many lesbians live a life of secrecy, hiding their sexual preferences from family and coworkers.
Many lesbians reject their own feelings at first.
Most lesbians are less body-conscious in the way straight men are.
Most lesbians are unattractive to some men.
Most lesbians have an index finger that s shorter than their ring finger.
Most lesbians lack the benefit of spousal or domestic partner health coverage.
Most lesbians prefer the term lesbian because it gives gay women an identity independent from men.
Most lesbians use colorless nailpolish.
Some lesbians are in heterosexual marriages.
Some lesbians become gay because their experience with straight men is unpleasant.
Some lesbians dislike transsexuals, and butch bull dykes.
Some lesbians elect to use a private donor for insemination purposes.
Some lesbians even assert that they are neither male, nor female.
Some lesbians have a history of intravenous drug abuse or prior sexual relations with a male.
Some lesbians now feel that their lesbianism is a political decision.
Some lesbians report being abused in one relationship, but becoming the abuser in another.
A lesbianism is sex
Lesbianism is at least an act of gross indecency and unnatural. . .
Lesbianism is set up as one of the best ways to find the vagina.
Lesbianism puts women first while the society declares the male supreme.
Lesbianisms are homosexuality.
Lesbianisms are sexual orientations.
Lesbien wives lesbien female female.
Lesion nematode is the most common and damaging nematode on boxwoods.
Lesion nematodes are common statewide.
Lesion nematodes are migratory endoparasites that feed and lay their eggs in the root cortex.
Lesion nematodes have a very broad host range and are difficult to control by rotation.
A lesion is pathology
Lesion causing global aphasia affects almost all language areas in the left hemisphere.
Lesion extends into the pulp canal and there is extensive loss of tooth structure.
Lesion extends into the pulp canal, but good tooth structure remains.
Lesion extends to a margin on the submitted images.
Lesion has sclerotic margin with no discernable matrix.
Lesion here results in perseveration, the tendency for repetitious motor behavior.
Lesion is a very nonspecific word meaning any abnormality of structure.
Lesion is composed of numerous oval and polygonal nests molded into a jigsawlike pattern.
Lesion is infectious.
Lesion moves across blade, causing tip to dieback.
Lesion nematodes cause reddish brown lesions on the roots that turn black later.
Lesion nematodes penetrate roots and cause damage by feeding and migrating through the root tissues.
Lesion nematodes primarily feed within newly formed feeder roots of fruit trees.
Lesion produces a contralateral effect.
Lesion shows thin capillaries or veins connecting directly to the arteries.
Lesions affecting the integration or interactions of specific brain functions are suspect.
Lesions also appear at edges, tips and at broken leaf veins on zebra plants.
Lesions also occur in other areas, most noticeably in the vent and on the feet .
Lesions also occur on stems and pods.
Lesions appear also on the nut husks as dark sunken spots.
Lesions appear as dark brown streaks running up and down the leaves.
Lesions appear as flat depigmented areas with a darker boarder.
Lesions appear as flat depigmented areas with a darker border.
Lesions appear as pale green to yellow spots on the leaf.
Lesions appear as raised purple-red irregular blotches, later becoming blackened and blistered.
Lesions appear as yellow to tan spots on the upper surface of the leaf.
Lesions appear first as sunken, circular spots that deepen and become dark in the middle.
Lesions appear gray to black and sunken.
Lesions appear in crops on the trunk, face, scalp and mucous membranes of the mouth.
Lesions appear in the mouth, on the tongue and lips, in nostrils and on the extremities.
Lesions appear most often on the face, neck, arms, legs and anogenital region.
Lesions appear oblong, light-colored in the centre and are surrounded by dark, necrotic tissue.
Lesions appear oblong, light-colored in the centre and surrounded by dark, necrotic tissue.
Lesions appear on the skin which are due to small clots in the blood vessels under the surface.
Lesions appear on the upper arms, trunk, and thighs.
Lesions appear only on the immature leaves near the growing tip.
Lesions appear predominantly on the trunk but occasionally on the arms as well.
Lesions appear suddenly in crops over extensor surfaces of the extremeties and buttocks.
Lesions appear to run in line with the normal skin creases of the neck.
Lesions appear water-soaked on the underside.
Lesions are all the same age.
Lesions are also available from our resident professional's.
Lesions are another term to describe the fatty deposits that block blood vessels.
Lesions are asymmetrical.
Lesions are asymptomatic and acquired.
Lesions are black or brown, firm, - inches in diameter, and slightly sunken.
Lesions are black, sunken, and shiny.
Lesions are bright red and peeling superficially like pemphigus foliaceus.
Lesions are characteristic.
Lesions are circular with gray, brown or slightly off-white centers with slightly darkened margins.
Lesions are circular, approximately inch in diameter, and slightly sunken.
Lesions are clean, sharply demarcated, and noninflammatory in appearance.
Lesions are clinically silent in all cases.
Lesions are common on the ears, face, and neck.
Lesions are consistent with secondary infection by Actinomyces pyogenes.
Lesions are dark brown or black, and young stem lesions often have water-soaked borders.
Lesions are distinct, white to tan-brown initially, and oriented lengthwise with the stem.
Lesions are distinguished by the pinkish spore masses which develop in the lesions.
Lesions are elongate, angular, and brick red to purple, becoming dark brown to black with time.
Lesions are especially common on the shoulders, buttocks, and abdomen.
Lesions are firm and become dark brown to black when cut open.
Lesions are firm, nodular, and expansile.
Lesions are first translucent, yellowish and water-soaked.
Lesions are flesh colored to red.
Lesions are frequently in the groin, on the buttocks, along the inner thigh and in the pubic area.
Lesions are generally asymptomatic.
Lesions are generally dry and can be as large as the diameter of the tomato fruit.
Lesions are gradually progressive.
Lesions are in Wernicke's area.
Lesions are infrequent below the waist.
Lesions are initially tiny translucent areas which later turn tan and have a chlorotic halo.
Lesions are intensely pruritic and recur.
Lesions are itchy, flat and polygonal.
Lesions are macular and sharply demarcated, and have fine scaling.
Lesions are mainly over the rump and shoulder regions.
Lesions are more common on arms and trunk.
Lesions are more common on leaf petioles and on the lower surface of leaves and leaf veins.
Lesions are more difficult to detect on russeted or pigmented tubers.
Lesions are more severe in immunocompromised hosts.
Lesions are more varied than with perisylvian aphasias.
Lesions are most common in the spleen, liver, lymph nodes, and bone marrow.
Lesions are most common on the dorsum, primarily on the back of the neck and interscapular region.
Lesions are most likely to arise in sportsmen and women as a result of injury.
Lesions are most prominent in cold weather and sometimes improve in the summer.
Lesions are noninflammatory and well-demarcated.
Lesions are noninflammatory.
Lesions are often most severe in the lungs.
Lesions are often numerous and quickly enlarge to blight leaf tissue.
Lesions are often symmetrical, and located on the extremities, glans penis, and buccal mucosa.
Lesions are organoid, or hamartomatous, adnexal tumors of hair follicle origin.
Lesions are oval to oblong.
Lesions are painful and can have associated lymphadenopathy.
Lesions are painful and moist.
Lesions are painful.
Lesions are papery in appearance and have gray to tan centers marked by small black pycnidia.
Lesions are pathology.
Lesions are present on infected plants throughout the growing season.
Lesions are primarily in the middle and lower portion of the small intestine.
Lesions are pruritic in some cases.
Lesions are pruritic.
Lesions are round to oblong, with a definite margin varying in size.
Lesions are segmental and at different stages of development.
Lesions are self-limiting, but tend to recur.
Lesions are similar in rats, except that megaloileitis is a common finding.
Lesions are slow healing and often require skin grafts.
Lesions are slow to resolve and treatment takes considerable time before improvement is seen.
Lesions are small, circular to somewhat irregular spots that develop on the upper leaf surfaces.
Lesions are small, circular, rusty orange spots on the tops and bottoms of leaves.
Lesions are smaller and more numerous than the early blight organism.
Lesions are sometimes more thickened and verrucous than soft and pedunculated.
Lesions are sparse on the face, the palms, and the soles.
Lesions are sporadic and occur in equal frequency in males and females in all races.
Lesions are suggestive of generalised septicaemia.
Lesions are sunken with well-defined margins.
Lesions are sunken, tan and wrinkled.
Lesions are tan to black, dry and shrunken.
Lesions are tan with brown borders.
Lesions are tan with dark brown borders.
Lesions are typically large and lucent, and are often found incidental to a pathologic fracture.
Lesions are usually circumoral.
Lesions are usually on the face, neck, shoulders and forelimbs.
Lesions are usually painless.
Lesions are usually self-limiting.
Lesions are variably pruritic.
Lesions are very characteristic and numerous bacteria are commonly seen in lesions.
Lesions are very difficult to assess by description alone.
Lesions are visible primarily in contrast to dark skin.
Lesions are water soaked at first, becoming tan and eventually shredding leaf tissue.
Lesions are watery and soft rot of stem and root tissue at or near the soil surface.
Lesions are yellow to orange in color and involve the posterior pole of the retina.
Lesions are yellowish to yellow-green and extend deeply into the underlying liver tissue.
Lesions are yellowish, soft, and form plaques.
Lesions are, by definition, at a site distant from the primary infection or dermatitis.
Lesions arise after birth and develop throughout life.
Lesions arise in symmetric crops typically with an acral predilection.
Lesions associated with syphilis are self-limiting and disappear with little residual damage.
Lesions become dark in the center as conidiophore development occurs.
Lesions become highly pruritic and are often the cause of self mutilation.
Lesions become less prominent when a sunscreen is used to minimize UV exposure.
Lesions become markedly enhanced with contrast media, indicative of a blood brain barrier defect.
Lesions begin around or in the mouth, or on the scalp, and can spread to any area.
Lesions begin as hyperpigmented macules and patches and progress to palpable plaques.
Lesions begin as pale-green to yellow streaks extending along leaf veins.
Lesions begin as papules or nodules that rupture and result in crusts, ulcers, and draining tracts.
Lesions begin as pinpoint, sunken spots and generally enlarge as roots mature.
Lesions begin as pruritic, erythematous macules that progress to papules and pustules.
Lesions begin at the margins of bracts, turning darker as they expand.
Lesions begin on lower, mature leaves.
Lesions begin to develop on leaves shortly thereafter.
Lesions can also affect the mouth, ear flaps, elbows, and genitalia.
Lesions can also arise on the skin near the anus, vagina, cervix and urethra.
Lesions can also be difficult to differentiate from blood vessels on a x-ray.
Lesions can also form on the stem of the plant.
Lesions can also occur on the cervix in women or in the urinary passage in men.
Lesions can also occur on the cheek, tongue, lips, floor of the mouth and palate.
Lesions can also show up other than the typical locations.
Lesions can appear anywhere, however, most are found on the head, neck, and back.
Lesions can appear spontaneously or can be precipitated by infection, trauma, or sunlight.
Lesions can appear zonate or like targets.
Lesions can be anywhere from cervical to there.
Lesions can be benign, precancerous or cancerous.
Lesions can be pruritic or painful.
Lesions can be recurrent or chronic in cows.
Lesions can be severe ehough to cause suffocation.
Lesions can contain gritty areas due to reparative bone deposition within the tumor.
Lesions can develop on sycamore leaves.
Lesions can enlarge during storage, and tubers can become shriveled in advanced cases.
Lesions can girdle stems, often killing infected plants.
Lesions can grow to be large and disfiguring.
Lesions can increase or decrease in size and number in serial radiographs or even disappear.
Lesions can occur in various parts of the body such as the skin and other organs.
Lesions can occur on other mucosal surfaces.
Lesions can occur on the sternum of the birds due to necrosis of the skin.
Lesions can recur after resection.
Lesions can recur after treatment.
Lesions can spread by extension.
Lesions cause disturbances of equilibrium.
Lesions caused by acute compression tend to involve both.
Lesions caused by some species can heal without pharmacotherapy, but healing can take months.
Lesions characteristically appear as vesicles or ulcerations with an erythematous margin.
Lesions commonly precede development of opportunistic infections.
Lesions consist of abscesses, granulomata, and draining sinuses.
Lesions consist of self-inflicted hair loss and excoriations with crusting.
Lesions consist primarily of lymphoid degeneration and necrosis.
Lesions contain balloon cells, with small pyknotic nuclei and granular or vacuolated cytoplasm.
Lesions contain spirochetes.
Lesions continue to enlarge until the cane is girdled and destroyed, leaving a brown dead area.
Lesions cover entire leaf turning it white in color.
Lesions demonstrate deposition of large amounts of mucin in the dermis.
Lesions develop and are often accompanied by a yellow halo.
Lesions develop as hard, non-mobile nodules, plaque formations, and ulcerating wounds.
Lesions develop as hard, unmoveable nodules, plaque formations, and ulcers.
Lesions develop first on the cotyledons and later on the lower leaves of the seedling.
Lesions develop generally perianally or on the genitals.
Lesions develop in the organs of the body.
Lesions develop on leaves and stems, killing the shoot but leaving a healthy root system.
Lesions develop on main stems and side branches.
Lesions develop on stems, causing stems to wilt and eventually die.
Lesions develop on the most prominent projection of the ear.
Lesions develop on the skin, bone, and vital organs.
Lesions develop only after the condition becomes chronic.
Lesions develop within five to seven days if conditions are favourable after infection.
Lesions develop within hours.
Lesions disappear spontaneously without treatment and without any residual defect.
Lesions enlarge over time, growing with the patient.
Lesions enlarge rapidly, and turn dark brown to purplish-black.
Lesions enlarge throughout storage.
Lesions eventually turn tan to gray with a dark brown border.
Lesions expand or coalesce to girdle the stems.
Lesions expand rapidly, taking on a purplish, brownish, or blackish color.
Lesions expand rapidly.
Lesions expand, coalesce, and girdle the root.
Lesions extend across suture lines.
Lesions extend upward to soil line and down into root system.
Lesions first appear as small tender blisters which burst to become open, painful sores.
Lesions first appear in childhood and gradually increase in number.
Lesions first appear on the lower leaves, progressing to the upper leaves over time.
Lesions form mainly on lower leaves close to the potting medium.
Lesions form on the darker areas of the berry and in time the berry turns ash gray.
Lesions generally are asymptomatic.
Lesions generally begin at the glume tips and are dark brown in color.
Lesions generally show little or no growth when observed over time.
Lesions have a brown margin.
Lesions have a straw-colored center with a dark brown border.
Lesions have an irregular shape with a sharp border and a red base topped by a silver scale.
Lesions have light brown centers and dark margins.
Lesions have margins or concentric rings.
Lesions have straight or parallel sides.
Lesions have well-defined edges and an indurated base with granulation tissue and yellowish slough.
Lesions heal by primary intention and without scarring.
Lesions heal with circumscribed pigmentation.
Lesions heal with no or minimal scarring - even if freezing is excessive.
Lesions heal with no scarring.
Lesions heal with temporary hyperpigmentation but without scarring.
Lesions heal without scarring.
Lesions here produce hyperphagia and obesity.
Lesions increase in number, can become confluent, and then take on bizarre shapes.
Lesions indicate that the bit exerts too much pressure.
Lesions infiltrate the subcutaneous tissues.
Lesions initially appear as small, sunken water-soaked spots.
Lesions initially appear dark purple to brown, but later turn silver to gray.
Lesions initially are dark green or grayish green but quickly become tan as decayed leaves dry.
Lesions involve exposed skin, but usually spare the face, neck, soles, and palms.
Lesions involve the outer table of the skull to a greater degree than the inner table.
Lesions involving any part of the peripheral nervous system are appropriate for referral.
Lesions involving the bony canal have a worse outcome.
Lesions involving the paranasal sinus often lead to pain in the facial or orbital area.
Lesions later become grayish-white.
Lesions later form large, hollow cavities.
Lesions later turn brown.
Lesions lie in a single plane at the center of the phantom.
Lesions located in the brainstem still pose the biggest challenge.
Lesions look like spot blotch with chlorosis.
Lesions make the skin appear severely sun-damaged.
Lesions never appear in the lung.
Lesions occur first on the head, ears, and legs and then become generalized.
Lesions occur in areas of trauma such as bites, scratches and venipuncture.
Lesions occur in the cerebral hemispheres, the basal ganglia, the brainstem and the cerebellum.
Lesions occur in the connective tissues of the gills, mantle, and digestive gland.
Lesions occur in the mouth and on the skin.
Lesions occur mainly in the limbs.
Lesions occur most commonly on the extremities and genitalia but can occur anywhere on the skin.
Lesions occur most commonly on the face, below the eyes, and over the cheekbones.
Lesions occur most frequently in the crop and are characterised by a whiteish deposit.
Lesions occur on the central forehead, chin, and nose.
Lesions occur on the upper and lower surfaces of leaves.
Lesions occur primarily on exposed regions of the body.
Lesions occur randomly over the fruit surface . . .
Lesions occur with increased frequency in patients with neurofibromatosis.
Lesions occurring at branch points are notoriously difficult to treat.
Lesions placed in the wrong part of the medial globus produce inferior results.
Lesions predominantly affect the extremities and can persist for years without any systemic effects.
Lesions predominate in the central fundus and exhibit considerable phenotypic heterogeneity.
Lesions procede to ulcerate to the level of the subcutaneous tissue.
Lesions progress from macules to vesicles which break down with crust formation.
Lesions rapidly expand into soft, watery, decayed areas.
Lesions remain small and localized.
Lesions resemble elongate rectangles on leaf surfaces.
Lesions resemble psoriasis with heavy crusting and scaling.
Lesions resemble thermal burns.
Lesions resolve spontaneously in weeks.
Lesions result in contralateral motor and sensory deficits.
Lesions result in contralateral weakness or paralysis, including the face.
Lesions result in difficulty going down stairs.
Lesions result in loss of pain sensation in the ipsilateral face.
Lesions return after discontinuation of therapy.
Lesions show high reflectivity in characteristic V-pattern.
Lesions show where the skin has been in contact with the bacteria.
Lesions showing similar signal intensity to the brain include meningeomas, and metastases.
Lesions soon progress from gray to black, causing the stem to become thin and thread-like.
Lesions spread proximally at a slow rate.
Lesions start as a papule at the sandfly bite site.
Lesions start as macules and progress to vesicles that eventually ulcerate.
Lesions start as small, dark, water-soaked areas.
Lesions start from flea beetle feeding scars.
Lesions start out as small brown to black spots on young leaves.
Lesions start out as water-soaked areas which enlarge to an indefinite size.
Lesions stay in the prime cuts and show up in the tissues as adults.
Lesions tend to appear first on the older leaves as small circular spots.
Lesions tend to be angular and confined within leaf veins.
Lesions tend to be asymptomatic, although mild discomfort or burning has been described.
Lesions tend to be circular and spread across leaf veins.
Lesions tend to be larger in areas subjected to trauma.
Lesions tend to crop up on the face, neck and upper body-some of our most visible skin zones.
Lesions tend to enlarge gradually before stabilizing or regressing.
Lesions tend to persist throughout life and become more prominent following prolonged sun exposure.
Lesions tend to persist unchanged throughout life.
Lesions tend to recur and eventually spread to other sites.
Lesions tend to recur unless the entire unit is destroyed or excised.
Lesions there render the individual quadriplegic, unable to speak and incapable of facial movement.
Lesions turn brown when they dry up, and are often surrounded by a halo of gray-green tissue.
Lesions turn grayish brown to dark brown with a yellow or light green margin.
Lesions typically are asymptomatic and require no therapy.
Lesions typically have all stages of infection present.
Lesions typically involve the face, scalp, and intertriginous regions.
Lesions typically involve the scalp, face, upper chest, and back.
Lesions typically occur in postpubertal period.
Lesions typically resolve without any ophthalmoscopic or angiographic evidence of damage.
Lesions vary in shape from round or oval to confluent.
Lesions vary in size and in shape from individual to individual.
Lesions vary in size from a few millimeters to several centimeters in diameter.
Lesions vary in size.
Lesions vary with the type of coelenterate.
Lesions frequently begin from the middle to the tips of leaves.
Lesions frequently reappear after treatment.
Lesions frequently recur at the same site.
Lesions often appear as readily visible dark-colored blotches that are raised.
Lesions often appear on the face, ears, neck, hands or arms.
Lesions often are very spotty and false negative results are frequent .
Lesions often become ulcerated with central necrosis and raised borders.
Lesions often begin to develop near the leaf tips or edges, where dew is retained the longest.
Lesions often coalesce and girdle the stems or petioles resulting in wilting above the lesion.
Lesions often coalesce and kill large areas of leaf tissue.
Lesions often encircle the mouth, chin, eyes, and ears.
Lesions often enlarge and ulcerate with eschar.
Lesions often extend from the perpapillary area, but they can sometimes occur in multiple areas.
Lesions often extend through several internodes on one side of the cane.
Lesions often fistulate, drain, and crust.
Lesions often follow the veins on the lower leaf surface.
Lesions often form in rows along the margin of the leaf.
Lesions often have a brown margin.
Lesions often occur in areas of recent or prior trauma or skin graft donor sites.
Lesions often occur near the stem end scar.
Lesions often occur on the face, arms and legs.
Lesions often resolve with intense hyperpigmentation.
Lesions often start as tiny focal areas that enlarge to white patches.
Lesions sometimes appear on the scalp with localized patches of hair loss.
Lesions sometimes appear.
Lesions sometimes are present.
Lesions sometimes resolve with treatment of the associated systemic disorder.
Lesions usually appear on one side due to the wounding effect of wind-driven sand.
Lesions usually are asymptomatic.
Lesions usually are present on the trunk, buttocks, and upper and lower extremities.
Lesions usually are severely pruritic.
Lesions usually are vesicular or ulcerative on an erythematous base and are very painful.
Lesions usually become culture negative within hours of the initiation of therapy.
Lesions usually begin during puberty.
Lesions usually develop near the ground and have a white fluffy, cotton wool appearance .
Lesions usually girdle the cane causing it to die, dry, and crack.
Lesions usually have irregular borders and slowly increase in size.
Lesions usually heal over the next several weeks.
Lesions usually regress after years but leave hyperpigmentation.
Lesions usually resolve in three to six weeks.
Lesions usually start around hooves and spread upward.
Lesions usually turn brown with time and often are surrounded by a narrow yellow halo.
All lesions are potentially serious requiring prompt treatment.
All lesions persist unless treated.
Any lesion changes color or bleeds.
Many lesions are complex, and it is difficult to make the diagnosis from the plain radiograph.
Many lesions coalesce on plants under high moisture conditions.
Many lesions persist or extend with time.
Many lesions reveal clearer margins and internal features.
More lesions often develop.
More lesions develop low in the tree.
Most lesions are asymptomatic, but the minor morbid event of pain can accompany some lesions.
Most lesions are homogeneously slightly hypodense to brain.
Most lesions are unrelated to internal disease.
Most lesions dissolve or sclerose gradually, eventually disappearing.
Most lesions occur on leaf margins or in wounded areas.
Most lesions occur on the face or legs.
Most lesions occur on the vermilion border of the lip following a prolonged period of sun exposure.
Most lesions require treatment for symptomatic relief.
Most lesions treated are choroidal melanomas.
Some lesions are circular and resemble target spots.
Some lesions are deep-seated and can cause scaring.
Some lesions are noticeable for their color, others cause itching, bleeding or discharge.
Some lesions are present at birth and others develop as a result of aging or exposure to the sun.
Some lesions are present at birth, and some develop with exposure to the sun or with age.
Some lesions are small, round, shiny and smooth.
Some lesions become red, purple, or tan with dark margins.
Some lesions can become tender or sensitive.
Some lesions cause tumorous growths by direct irritation of the tissues.
Some lesions contain both radiopaque and radiolucent structures.
Some lesions develop a necrotic eschar before healing spontaneously.
Some lesions expand at their periphery while activity in their center subsides.
Some lesions have a more pyogenic granuloma-like appearance because of capillary proliferation.
Some lesions have a small dent or dimple in the center.
Some lesions require only one treatment and others three or more treatments.
Some lesions show microcalicifications.
Some lesions ulcerate.
Lesional psoriasis is characterized by cell growth in the alternate growth program.
Lesotho is part of Africa.
Lesotho isa thing.
A lespedeza is a tracheophyte
Lespedeza is more compatible with cool-season bunchgrasses like tall fescue or orchardgrass.
Lespedeza produces good seed yields for combining and makes quality food for bobwhite quail.
Lespedeza tolerates low fertility but responds to applications of lime and phosphorus.
Less access equals less abuse, statistically.
Less accessibility is disadvantage of it.
Less Active can help manage weight and promote an active lifestyle.
Less activity can further decrease in calorie needs.
Less activity is seen in older thrombi as they contain predominantly fibrin and entrapped red cells.
Less additives equals less waste.
Less adhesive is used and faster than manual gluing.
Less advertising makes the market less efficient.
Less advertising means fewer sales.
Less advertising means less competition.
Less agar is used.
Less air can flow in or out of cracks around windows and doors, where energy loss commonly occurs.
Less air equals more friction, more fuel and more emissions.
Less air is pushed through the hair dryer.
Less air means less water vapor.
Less alcohol is metabolized in the stomach, placing additional burdens on the liver.
Less alcohol is needed to affect their driving ability.
Less aldosterone can mean more dilute urine.
Less anatomy remains in the area situated directly below the brain, and an error can be dangerous.
Less angle means slower steering, better tracking and stability.
Less anxiety is generated if fewer pictures are required and results are seen immediately.
Less arc means less centrifugal force and less distance.
Less ash flows up, thus the dust collector is less loaded.
Less atrazine is present at the soil surface, where it is most vulnerable to runoff.
Less attention is given to art, religion, and literature.
Less attention is given to methods of instruction.
Less attention is given to proofs and abstract concepts than in the regular geometry course.
Less attention is given to the Lower South.
Less attention is paid by faculty to teaching, resulting in more student complaints.
Less attention is paid to beat problems, many of which overlap watches.
Less attention is paid to the mechanics of synthesis.
Less attention is paid to the social and economic conditions.
Less attention is paid to the supporting cast that produces the game.
Less attention is put to the specific algorithms involved.
Less attention is required to maintain the terrarium.
Much less attention is focused on the communities of the Caribbean and Africa.
Much less attention is spent on the demand side.
Some less attention leads to death.
Less austenite leads to a higher flow stress.
Less backwash means fewer sand grains moving back.
Less balance means better chances at guessing.
Less bandwidth is needed, so response can be quicker.
Less bandwidth is required because the application runs entirely on the server.
Less bedrock is exposed and grasses and other plant cover most of the area.
Less bills Keep an unpaid bill until the mailman delivers the next set of bills.
Less biomass means more carbon is released into the atmosphere, contributing to global warming.
Less blood can flow to the genitals.
Less blood flows to the gastrointestinal tract, and digestion virtually stops.
Less blood goes to the lungs , so the blood gets less oxygen .
Less blood goes to the lungs, so the blood gets less oxygen.
Less blood is needed to supply the organ with oxygen.
Less blood leaves the heart, and the blood returning to the heart backs up.
Less blood means better visibility and faster surgery time.
Less blood means more sanguinity.
Less bouquets equals less cost.
Less bow can produce more character.
Less brood means a smaller colony.
Less bureaucracy makes it easier to individualize.
Less business is lost because of stockouts and the inability to respond to emergencies.
Less business means fewer jobs, jobs often filled by young adults.
Less business means fewer jobs.
Less calcium is absorbed into the bones and more stays in the blood.
Less callers means less dancers attending.
Less camber limits the racecar's ability to turn in the corners.
Less capital means less risk.
Less cars lead to less parking demand which leads to reduced expenses.
Less cars mean less pollution, less streets and parking lots.
Less cars promotes economic development, improves air quality and benefits business productivity.
Less cash held in a cash register reduces the threat of theft.
Less cash tied up in inventory generally means better cash flow.
Less cash tied up in inventory typically means better cash flow.
Less cement means a longer curing time, but gives the concrete a longer life.
Less chaos means less danger for students.
Less chasers are out meaning no traffic congestions.
Less chemical is used with strategic placement of bait.
Less chemotherapy reaches the hair follicles, and so the hair is less likely to fall out.
Less children die of cot-death Hamburg.
Less children imply greater value.
Less choice is the way to go people.
Less cholesterol means less plaque on the artery walls and a general improvement in heart health .
Less clearance can adversely affect capacity.
Less clearance means the tree is too wide and more clearance means the tree is too narrow.
Less clots form.
Less clothing means more skin.
Less clutter is good.
Less clutter means more control.
Less coagulant produces softer tofu, More produces harder tofu.
Less code is involved.
Less code is possible because the system provides a rich set of underlying functionality.
Less code means faster development and easier maintenance in the future.
Less code means memory is used more efficiently.
Less coffee is grown in the higher parts of the temperate lands, where .
Less color is used and clear enamel is cheap, so everyone is happy - almost.
Less competition is a factor, but it is far down the wish list.
Less competition is bad.
Less competition is never a good thing.
Less competition means higher borrowing costs and fewer financing options over the long term.
Less competition means higher prices.
Less complaints equals improved presentation.
Less complexity eases the installation and training.
Less complexity requires fewer resources.
Less components means less things to go wrong, and less chance to make a mistake in construction.
Less compression gives better quality.
Less compression means lossless compression and a better image.
Less compression yields the best-quality images, and no compression is even better.
Much less concern is expressed over milk, cheese, eggs, juice, bread, cereals and honey.
Less concurrency can result in poorly behaved and inefficient programs.
Less confusion means better sales.
Less congestion increases the output of power plants.
Less congestion means employees are more punctual, less stressed out, and more productive.
Less congestion means that buses travel faster too.
Less consensus is needed, so there is less waste of great ideas.
Less construction means minimal negative impacts to local economies.
Less consumers means more competition to sell and less profits.
Less contact is required as the students become familiar with the phase.
Less control can lead to more learning.
Less control is a bad thing.
Less courage is required.
Less crime is no accident.
Less Crime Is No Accident.
Less criteria gives more results.
Less crosses require a shorter spoke, but is less torsionally efficient.
Less currency notes in circulations means less expenditure on printing of notes for the government.
Less cycling means loss of beneficial exercise.
Less cytokinins travel to the leaf, where cell division and expansion are reduced.
Less damage is done to basements, yards, and streets.
Less damage is done to the plants, however, if the fruits are cut rather than pulled off.
Less damage means less maintenance costs.
Much less damage is done by cave or camel crickets than by field and house crickets.
Less dancing means a happier overseer.
Less darkness produces a lighter color, while more darkness produces a darker color.
Less data means great reductions in the cost of mapping a large population.
Much less data is provided on Chinese herbs and the available literature is largely ignored.
Less debt means a lower rate.
Less debt means lower taxes and lower interest rates for purchasing homes and cars.
Less delay can improve diagnosis and treatment.
Less demand equals fewer sales and maybe even price declines.
Less demand means lower prices.
Less detail is reported for metropolitan areas.
Less detail is reported for selected metropolitan areas.
Much less detail is visible toward the poles, namely the banded zone-belt pattern fond elsewhere.
Less detergent is better.
Less detergent is needed.
Less development means less contrast.
Less digits means a bad read.
Less discovery is conducted in preparing a case for arbitration than for trial.
Less disease means less chemical dollars.
Less disease means more healthy animals and cheaper food costs for the consumer.
Less distance means that more weight can be lifted.
Less distortion allows the cup to be used on almost any glass thickness.
Less distortion means more performance and more fun .
Less distraction is a safety advance.
Less distraction is the reason for increased production at home.
Less disturbance means fewer annual weed problems.
Less diversification equals more risk.
Less documentation means that an item is easier to find.
Less dots result in grainy prints because the dots are more visible.
Less downtime means lower cost per incident.
Less downtime means more efficient administration.
Less downtime means more profit.
Less drag can often be a lot cheaper to find than more horsepower.
Less drag means more speed.
Less drug is reabsorbed from the kidney.
Less dust means less dusting, as well as a cleaner home and duct work.
Less education means lower wages earned in adulthood, thus perpetuating the cycle of poverty.
Less effects is best.
Less effort improves body workouts.
Less effort improves workouts.
Less effort is demanded of the uterus.
Most less effort improves body workouts.
Most less effort improves workouts.
Less electricity is needed since no motor driven paddles are needed for agitation.
Less electricity is used as a result.
Less electrode wear.
Less elements means less handling, less electrical connections, and lower maintenance.
Less emphasis is given to literary theory.
Less emphasis is on geomechanics, more is given to programming.
Less emphasis is placed on computer systems, networks, and software systems.
Less emphasis is placed on dates.
Less emphasis is placed on formal proof.
Less emphasis is placed on grain and more on vegetables, fruits, and high-protein foods.
Less emphasis is placed on hospital training than in corresponding programmes in other countries.
Less emphasis is placed on the music and more on the slick image and youth.
Less emphasis is placed on the organismal, behavioral and environmental aspects of biology.
Less emphasis is placed on the perfection or shape of individual postures.
Less emphasis is placed on therapy than on understanding.
Less emphasis is placed on transmitting information and more on developing student skills.
Less emphasis is placed on transmitting information and more on developing students skills.
Less emphasis is placed on world news, but major happenings are headlined.
Less emphasis needs to be placed on percentage increases among each institution.
Less energy consumed means less wastage, fewwer emmissions and a healthier environment.
Less energy equals more bubbles.
Less energy is consumed in the production of individual solar cells.
Less energy is consumed since the billet is heated only to the semi-solid state.
Less energy is lost during a phase change.
Less energy is needed for cooling, and the purity of delivered air is enhanced.
Less energy is needed for indoor temperature control.
Less energy is needed for radiation implants.
Less energy is needed for the tillage.
Less energy is needed to maintain a comfortable living space, whether it's hot or cold outside.
Less energy is needed to survive.
Less energy is realized during electron transport under anaerobic conditions.
Less energy is required to form a kilogram of lean meat than to form a kilogram of dissectable fat.
Less energy is required.
Less energy is used to heat water, and to pump potable water and wastewater.
Less energy makes more.
Less energy means fewer emissions from the power plants creating that energy.
Less energy means less economic production.
Less energy means less fuel, which means less of our natural resources are used.
Less energy means less power station pollution, less metal means less mining, and so on.
Less energy means our economy atrophies and our dynamic economic growth slows.
Less energy produced from fossil fuels is required, helping our environment.
Less energy produces energy.
Less energy reaches each trophic level because some is lost as work.
Most less energy produces energy.
Much less energy is required to circulate water as opposed to air.
Some less energy gets energy.
Less engagement means less resistance.
Less equipment means less maintenance.
Less erosion means improved water quality of receiving streams.
Less erosion means less maintenance, less supplies, and less labor costs.
Less erosion takes place, as leaves diminish the force of falling water and roots hold the soil.
Less estrogen means a thinner wall.
Less estrogen means less stimulation for cancer cell growth.
Less exercise is associated with increased body weight and regional fat.
Less exercise means less food.
Less exposure equals more impact.
Less extensions means less potential for problems.
Less eyes is always more dangerous than more eyes.
Less eyestrain makes building more enjoyable.
Less fat decreases the transformation of androgens into estrogens .
Less fatigue is the next unexpected benefit.
Less feed means lower production costs.
Less fertilization is recommended during the winter months.
Less fertilization means less mowing.
Less fertilizer is better than too much.
Less fertilizer is required when plants have low light.
Less fertilizer is used today than what was used in the past.
Less fighting decreases the spread of infectious diseases.
Less fighting means less pain for the pet, less expense for the owner.
Less fish is better to start.
Less flour gives crispier cookies.
Less flow is smaller and faster, but, if it's too slow, quality suffers.
Less flow means less heat loss.
Less fluid is made, so the eye is softer and lets more blood flow in to supply the nerve.
Less focus is placed on individual support.
Less focus seems to be placed on living a virtuous life.
Less food falls inside the grill and the food is easier to flip.
Less food has to be thrown away since most meals are eaten completely.
Less food is available as seal populations decline or migrate.
Less food is brought to each queen, which decreases their fitness and egg laying rate.
Less food is grown.
Less food is needed and teeth are decaying making the manipulation of flesh food difficult.
Less food is required, yet more nutrients reach the blood and cells.
Less food means less waste, and ultimately less toxins in the water.
Less food means smaller population.
Less forage means less food for invading fall armyworms and one less chemical treatment.
Less force is needed to move the fish in a forward direction.
Less force is required there now since the wind is helping to push the boat along.
Less force is required to handle wafers thanks to the lockable lever.
Less force is used when work is placed within easy reach.
Less force means less chance of injury.
Less formality is common.
Less friction enables the engine to run cooler and makes it more efficient.
Less friction equals more speed.
Less friction means better fuel economy, less heat build-up and less wear.
Less friction means higher speed.
Less friction means improved fuel consumption.
Less friction means it is harder to stop.
Less friction means less engine wear, better fuel economy and improved power and performance.
Less fruit can mean larger fruit.
Less fuel can reduce a space vehicle's useful life to a handful of years.
Less fuel is consumed and, by the same token, fewer pollutants are emitted.
Less fuel means a smaller spacecraft and a cheaper launch vehicle.
Less fuel saves money.
Less gadgets means less breakdowns.
Less garbage equals money savings.
Less garbage goes into landfills.
Less gas is entrapped, fewer voids form, the surface finish is smoother, and less shrinkage occurs.
Less gas is produced, offsetting some of the extra investment needed to inject oxygen.
Less gasoline is sold, at higher prices.
Less gathering means fewer calls for police.
Less glass is used, the cost is reduced.
Less glucose gets into the cells and instead builds up in the blood.
Less government controls leads to more human flourishing.
Less government equals less regulation and more freedom.
Less government is already a political slogan.
Less government is better .
Less government is better government.
Less government is the best government.
Less government means cheaper and more effective service delivery.
Less government means lower taxes, and lower taxes means private sector job growth.
Less grain is fed to livestock in developing than in developed countries.
Less graphics is more effective.
Less grass means faster greens.
Less grassland means fewer ungulates for vultures to eat.
Less gravity is one of the major changes of living in space.
Less grit means less equipment abrasion and longer filter equipment life.
Less hair means less time in the morning and more time for other recreational activities.
Less hardware equals less costs, both in terms of initial acquisition and management.
Less hardware means fewer headaches.
Less hardware means less software and less power consumption.
Less harm can come to the wolf pack if the members stick together.
Less harm is done by planting too deeply than is done by planting too shallowly.
Less hatred is always good.
Less heat build up.
Less heat enables the talent to feel more comfortable.
Less heat is generated compared to incandescent lighting.
Less heat is generated in the moving parts.
Less heat is generated under load, and almost no heat at idle.
Less heat is transported upwards from the deeper, warmer layer.
Less heat means better over clocking speeds are attainable.
Less heat means less sweating, therefore less water needed and a lighter load.
Less heat means longer battery life for mobile PCs.
Less heat warms air.
Much less hemolysis is produced at higher frequencies.
Less herbicide is wasted on non target plants, because it is only applied to taller weeds.
Less horsepower means less operating costs.
Less ice means less reflective surface meaning more rapid melting.
Less ice translates to less snow on which chemical reactions can occur.
Less impatience brings more compounded growth.
Less imports mean higher prices.
Less income equals less tax.
Less income is needed because the second parent is assumed to be available for child care.
Less income is simply the result from the doctor's perspective.
Less inflammation means less pain.
Less inflammation means less soreness, and faster and more complete recovery in most cases.
Less info goes down the scale.
Less information comes out.
Less information exists on their body composition.
Less information is available about the safety of exercise around the time of conception.
Less information is available for similar populations in developing countries.
Less information is available on nitrous oxide emissions from prairie soils.
Less information is available on sources in the western Arctic.
Less information is available on the effect of rapid weight loss.
Less information is available on trace metals, radionuclides, and organic chemicals.
Less information is available regarding the dramatic changes that occur in adolescence.
Less information is available with respect to other cancer risks.
Less information is better.
Less information is charged in the hundreds of dollars on most sites.
Less information is clear on SOME of their cousins.
Less information is contained in sequences that depart from equal probability.
Less information is necessary about the test itself, how it is administered, etc.
Less information is normally available on unsponsored ADRs.
Less information is provided by the literary sources, more from the coins themselves.
Less information means knowing exactly what to present and how and what to leave out.
Less information means more risk.
Less information returns more matches, more information returns less matches.
Much less information is available concerning the contribution of other drugs.
Much less information is available concerning the hydration properties of exhaust soot.
Much less information is available on compulsive gambling than on other addiction problems.
Much less information is available on the shape of the profile near groins.
Less inoculum is obtained, but the solicitor is guaranteed of spore purity and identity.
Less inputs means less output.
Less instruction is provided in content, survey-type lecture courses.
Less insulin is demanded for the process, resulting on less overuse of the pancreas.
Less interference leads to quicker learning.
Less inventory needs to be stocked to cover applications.
Less investment is made in elements such as architecture, art, and literature.
Less iron leads to smaller and fewer red blood cells.
Less irrigation results in less runoff, while less chemical application keeps runoff clean.
Less knickknacks collect less dust.
Less krill means less food for vertebrate predators.
Less labor is needed to prepare mold surfaces.
Less labor is required compared to other fast food concepts.
Less labor is required for handling and several tractor-mounted handling mechanisms are available.
Less labor is required than growing in soil because no digging or weeding is required.
Less labor means more consumer value.
Less labour is required to look after seeds than plants.
Much less land is required to support a plant-based diet than a diet based on animal products.
Less latency means better voice quality.
Less lawn means less mowing.
Less lead is absorbed when children have food in their systems.
Less lift is available, therefore there is less force available to work with.
Less light goes in when the pupil is closed more and looks smaller.
Less light is being reflected, so a black band forms on top of the bubble right before it pops.
Less light is needed during the winter months.
Less light is needed during their resting stage.
Less light is needed during winter months.
Less light is seen by the meter.
Less light is thrown upwards or sideways to cause glare.
Less light means less energy.
Less light means less visibility.
Less light means the color looks darker.
Less light reaches the latitudes above the equator.
Less links means more profits.
Less liquidity translates into more price volatility.
Less litter is needed in hot weather.
Less loans mean more money when a family is started.
Less loft produces less backspin and requires more swing speed.
Less luggage is better.
Less luggage makes economic sense for airlines as a lighter load means less fuel.
Less machinery is required.
Less mailing reduces postage costs in addition to saving paper.
Less maintenance is required for adjusting sagging ropes.
Less maintenance means less cost.
Less maintenance means less time wasted.
Less maintenance reduces costly downtime.
Less maintenance required than chlorination, however, initial cost is more than chlorination.
Less maintenance saves state dollars and frees up federal highway funds.
Less men report abuse.
Less manpower is needed to trim around objects sticking out of the ground, and so on.
Less mass means less chance of breaking when it's dropped.
Less material handling saves labor.
Less material is also disposed of.
Less material is used to make each part.
Less material means less cost, or higher quality materials for the same cost, or both.
Less material means less weight and lower cost.
Less material means lower cost.
Less material needs to be removed near the center of the cutter for each revolution.
Less material produced means that fewer pollutants are created and less energy is consumed.
Much less material means much less weight.
Less memory is available than usual.
Less memory is required and variations can be composite and filtered with photoshop etc.
Less memory is required for capturing images.
Less memory is required to view images than with full-fledged image editing applications.
Less memory is used at lower resolution settings.
Less memory is used because the shared library code is only loaded once.
Less memory is wasted in smaller files, especially when the contents of a file are small.
Much less mention is made, if any, of the Phoenician presence in the same trade.
Less milk can translate into less calcium.
Less milk means less calcium.
Less milk means less production of dairy products.
Less miters equals less labor to fabricate a fitting.
Less mobility means less competition.
Less modification means quicker, more efficient updating and less chance of input errors.
Less money goes into the central bank.
Less money intensifies competition for sharing allocated resources between different departments.
Less money is available for our schools, and now there's a teacher shortage.
Less money is available from public sources.
Less money is available to spend on hall programming or improvements.
Less money is available to subsidize spirituality-related ministries.
Less money is needed because funds can be accumulated over a greater period of time.
Less money is spent on medical management and workers' compensation.
Less money is spent on repairs and maintenance of kitchen equipment.
Less money means stress in bill payments, gas prices, and food prices.
Less money needs to be spent on marketing and canvassing.
Less money required to spend on housing also reduces the demand for an extra car and job pressures.
Less mortar is a good thing.
Less motion indicates restriction of physiological motion in the sacroiliac joint.
Less motion is good.
Less motion means smoother flow of air around sails and less disturbed water flow around the hull.
Less mouse clicks means quicker navigation.
Less movement increases the frame rate since videoconferencing compression is based on movement.
Less movement is less spectacular.
Less movement means less wear for longer life and reduced maintenance.
Less muscle means a lower metabolic rate.
Less muscle means fewer cells and less aldolase.
Less negativity is a good thing.
Less nicotine is obtained through the patch than in cigarettes.
Less nitrogen allows for longer bottom times.
Less nitrogen is excreted, and more is retained in the body.
Less nitrogen is needed to reach optimum yields if it is applied when corn is about six inches tall.
Less noise is good.
Less noise makes for a smoother image.
Less noise reduces the spread of the curves.
Less objects collect less dust.
Less odors means fewer flies around the area.
Less offset helps alignment and low bounce angles provide contact through the turf.
Less offspring are produced since more are likely to survive since they are protected.
Less oil is purchased and less oil enters the pipeline.
Less oil is spilled because of better education and training.
Less oil means less royalties, means less cash to help support a marginal lifestyle.
Less oil used with extended drains means less oil disposed.
Less output means higher prices to consumers.
Less oxaloacetate is available, acetyl CoA accumulates .
Less oxygen is available to the lungs, and acute mountain sickness is common.
Less oxygen is processed into the bloodstream.
Less oxygen is released into the atmosphere as less photosynthesis occurs.
Less oxygen means less thinking ability.
Less oxygen reaches brains.
Less oxygen results in less energy for development.
Most less oxygen reaches brains.
Less ozone means that more harmful UV radiation is reaching the planet's surface.
Less ozone means that more UV radiation reaches earth, increasing the danger of sun damage.
Less packaging is brought to Antarctica.
Less packaging is now more.
Less packaging makes buying in bulk generally cheaper and less wasteful.
Less pain means less stress on the body and the mind, and faster healing.
Less pain means shortened hospital stays and a faster recovery.
Less paper is handed out in the classroom.
Less paper means less cost and greater efficiency at that end, too.
Less paper needs to be carried around.
Less paperwork is good.
Less parts tends to indicate less chance of breakage.
Less pavement means less runoff.
Less people are manual workers and more people get employed in better paid middle-class jobs.
Less people equal less usage.
Less people mean that perfect campsite is going to be easier to find.
Less people means less infighting.
Less people means less waiting, at the concession stands and the restrooms.
Less people means more efficient, less management and significant cost savings.
Less people patronize the park.
Less people understand art and most people act like they have nothing to do with art.
Much less people can swim, cook, play tennis, drive, sing or think logical.
Less pesticide is left in the water to get carried away to ditches and streams.
Less pesticides bought are less pesticides used.
Less petroleum is needed to harvest honey too.
Less petroleum is needed too.
Less platters means less heads, less parts, less mechanical complexity, and more reliability.
Less pollution means less bounce and, to the modelers, more warmth.
Less pollution means more jobs, better wages, and a stronger economy.
Less poverty means less wildlife killing.
Less powder makes the shell cheaper.
Less power is given to the president and more to the parliament and other government bodies.
Less power is needed because of the instrument's close position near the eardrum.
Less power is required for a fully automatic machine, compared to a few semi automatic machines.
Less power means less pollution.
Less precipitation is transpired back to the atmosphere from plants.
Less precipitation percolates through the soil to become ground water.
Less precision is reflected by a larger standard error.
Less preparation seems to shortchange the thinking.
Less pressure is crystal, less than that is coal, less than that is fossilized leaves or plain dirt.
Less pressure means a lower boiling point and more pressure means a higher boiling point.
Less pressure means a more confident and relaxed catcher.
Less product is used than is recommended on the label.
Less products is so good ,mostly Of our Buyers like our shuttle less products so much.
Less progress is made with brain tumors than any other type of cancer.
Less protein means less gluten for more tender biscuits and pastries.
Less protein means less gluten, for more tender biscuits and pastries.
Less pubescence is present on the upper leaf surface.
Less rain can lead to changes in leaf color and possible water shortages in wells.
Less rain falls in the western Midwest than in the eastern part.
Much less rain falls on the other side of the mountains.
Less rainfall occurs during the winter and spring.
Less reflux occurs in the prone position then in the supine position.
Less regulation is self explanatory.
Less regulation makes the town a better place to live.
Less reliance is placed on the explicit code or message content.
Less reporters means more fluff.
Less research is available on the impact of learning communities on the organization.
Much less research supports the dream-lag effect, however.
Less resistance means longer pump and element life.
Less resistance translates into more velocity being delivered to the ball.
Less revenue is required in the following year.
Less revenue leads to an inability to repay debts, replace equipment and make needed improvements.
Less revenue means lower levels of support and service.
Less revenue means lower profitability.
Less risk equals fewer market jitters, which in turn fuels confidence and growth in the market.
Less rocker provides better tracking or enhances the boat's ability to move in a straight line.
Less room is wasted on walkways in raised bed gardens.
Less room means more collisions between the molecules.
Less rules are better.
Less runoff equals less watering and less erosion.
Less runoff means less water refilling reservoirs to power turbines.
Less saliva is made which can cause a dry mouth.
Less salt is accumulated over the life of the planting.
Less sample is needed.
Less sand means more danger for people.
Less saturation produces a color closer to neutral.
Less scoops is less flavor while, of course, more scoops is more.
Much less scope exists for reducing the rate of growth in freight demand.
Less scrap is made and the components are much more accurate than previously possible.
Less seams means less frustration for first time sewers as a general rule.
Less service equals lower prices.
Less services is better.
Less shielding is needed to protect the antiprotons themselves.
Less shooting is heard in the district and a good work is being done to disarm the people.
Less silicon is removed to allow additional reclaim cycles.
Less skill is evident during spring.
Less sleep is required.
Less slip is observed between the blocks.
Less slots equals faster speeds and more completions.
Less smokers congregate in that area as few staff smoke.
Less smoking means fewer people getting sick and dying prematurely and fewer costs to the State.
Less snow exposes surfaces to freeze-thaw temperature fluctuations.
Less snow means earlier hiking season in the mountains.
Less snow means less snow to melt and feed streams and rivers.
Less snow means less snowpack for spring melting.
Less snowfall means less runoff into the Colorado River system.
Less soap is needed to cleanse the skin.
Less software is almost always a bad thing.
Less software is installed on the server.
Less soil is lost to erosion.
Less soil is needed if the garbage is cut finely and slightly packed.
Less sophistication is required to own and operate.
Less sound passes thru objects at lower values.
Less space is given to industry trends, more to how-to's and encouragement.
Less space is needed compared to two separate systems.
Less space is needed for hatching jars as opposed to hatching troughs.
Less space is needed if expanded metal or mesh flooring is used.
Less space is needed.
Less space is required for shorn ewes.
Less space is required to execute the functional layout and design for the control.
Less space is required to install a subset of the available products.
Less space is required to store a computer disk than a book.
Less space is used, if the entries have the same types or lie in the same container.
Less space means an elbow here, a foot there.
Less spatter means thicker film and more paint on the surface.
Less specification makes default almost impossible.
Less spending does mean less taxes.
Less spirit is added during fermentation.
Less splits occur when everyone in a channel is using the same server.
Less staff is needed at circ.
Less starch is associated with lower quality.
Less starch means less alcohol.
Less stigma is attached to trying and failing in the private sector, unless one does so repeatedly.
Less stomach upsets, no heartburn, food processes faster.
Less stress begins here .
Less Stress Browse our list of bestselling books.
Less Stress can help, with a number of inservices and continuing education courses.
Less stress equals more contentment.
Less stress is better.
Less stress is caused, in the long run, by turning away tasks than by leaving work unfinished.
Less stress means fewer mistakes.
Less stress means more fun.
Less stretch means less headstay sag and greater sail efficiency.
Less string makes smaller flames, suitable for beginners.
Less students means less money.
Less students means safer, happier, and all around better schools.
Less sugar is absorbed into the blood after meals.
Less sun means fewer watts and likely less cooling load.
Less sun means less food.
Much less sun is needed when the plant goes dormant in the late fall through winter.
Less sunlight gets into the car to heat up the interior surfaces.
Less sunlight means less warmth, or winter.
Less sunlight penetrates water.
Less sunlight results in leggy, spindly trees that produce few flowers and fruits.
Less sunlight triggers the fish's biological clock to charge up river.
Less supply drives up the prices therefore making the problem worse.
Less supply equals higher prices.
Less supply means higher crude prices and thus higher heating oil prices.
Less support is apparent for three other strategies.
Less surface is exposed to the stationary object.
Less sweetener is required to make good tasting breads.
Less synthesizers seems to be a safe bet.
Less tackle is lost.
Less taxes means more spendable income.
Less teaching goes on and more fencing.
Less television leaves more time for books, conversation and play.
Less tension provides more power, more tension provides more control.
Less text can be better than more text.
Less tillage keeps naturally occurring carbon in the soil for use as organic matter.
Less tillage means less soil compaction.
Less tillage means less weed growth.
Less time collecting water means more time in class.
Less time commuting means more time at home.
Less time configuring the server gives users more time to focus on their applications.
Less time configuring the server, gives users more time to focus on applications.
Less time equals more profit.
Less time fishing for money means more time for bohemian watching.
Less time Fleshing equals more time trapping.
Less time is acceptable, of course.
Less time is available to teach children to read, write, and calculate.
Less time is dedicated to documentation, broad platform testing, and repeated regression testing.
Less time is devoted to mathematics and the sciences.
Less time is necessary when the tests are carried out sequentially.
Less time is necessary when the vessels are tested sequentially.
Less time is needed for black and white work.
Less time is needed for fewer coddlers in a pot.
Less time is needed for fewer coddlers in the pot.
Less time is needed for recruitment and studies can be conducted more quickly.
Less time is needed for the trainer to prepare than other methods.
Less time is needed if the snapper fillets are thin.
Less time is needed to come up to temperature, but uniformity of heating is a problem.
Less time is needed to learn to modify games and designing new games is easier.
Less time is required as the feeding tube patient is fed like a flower is fed water.
Less time is required for a search of specialized information.
Less time is required for driving children around in search of playmates.
Less time is required if high levels of atrazine are present.
Less time is required to extract the various components.
Less time is required to mature greenhouse fruit.
Less time is spent cooking and more time is allocated to foraging for fuelwood.
Less time is spent dealing with current customers than in trying to attract new customers.
Less time is spent debating legal niceties, such as jury instructions or rules of evidence.
Less time is spent educating the mediator in practices or procedures unique to the dispute.
Less time is spent in deep, dreamless sleep.
Less time is spent in lecture and more time is spent practicing the skill.
Less time is spent in the production fields.
Less time is spent instructing future physicians on how to counsel patients on eating habits.
Less time is spent on classroom management, and there are fewer discipline problems.
Less time is spent on determining the direction and focus of the specific session.
Less time is spent on discipline and more time is provided for teaching.
Less time is spent on grading, report comments, etc.
Less time is spent on storage and economic projects.
Less time is spent on storage and economic research projects.
Less time is spent on temples.
Less time is spent online, reducing the load on the server.
Less time is spent refuting things in favour of action and reaction.
Less time is spent re-thinking, and the plan can be used for subsequent classes.
Less time is spent searching for seed sources and less money is spent on seed purchases.
Less time is spent switching back and forth.
Less time is taken from school for dental treatment.
Less time is wasted at the bank by both employers and employees.
Less time makes the game harder.
Less time means guessing, and more means dithering.
Less time means less labor means less cost.
Less time means less money.
Less time means less racers.
Less time means lower cost.
Less time means more screenings means means larger audience opening weekend means more money.
Less time spent in the kitchen or at the store is more time spent with family and friends.
Less time spent in the rumen means less time for bacteria or protozoa to breakdown the protein.
Less time spent in the supermarket means less temptation time.
Less time spraying and cleaning up means more productivity.
Less time waiting in line means more fishing.
Less time worrying about payment means more time managing a project.
Much less time is spent away from the office.
Much less time is spent in the hospitals.
Less tissue means less development, which means the rumen is likely to be inefficient later in life.
Less torque is available due to the lower gear ratio.
Less torque means that there is less clamping force on the diaphragm.
Less toxicity is seen with the ripe red berries.
Less trade produces more isolation.
Less traffic befouls city streets, the pace of life is lots slower.
Less traffic benefits everyone, including the cars.
Less traffic ensures safer streets on which children can play.
Less traffic makes for smoother driving conditions.
Less traffic makes the Rogue Valley a nicer place to live and encourages economic development.
Less traffic means better air quality, fewer accidents, and less demand for oil.
Less traffic means less competition.
Less traffic means less stress.
Less traffic supports our government's commitment to making Ontario's roads safer for all travelers.
Less training is more, and less is best.
Less training is needed.
Less training means less qualified controllers but more money for the company.
Less trash means less space dedicated to landfills.
Less travel can also mean less stress and more time with the family.
Less travel leads to fewer car or plane emissions, and less pollution.
Less travel means a fatter bottom line.
Less travel means reduced traffic congestion and reduced wastage of fuel.
Less trees means that less carbon dioxide is taken in and less oxygen given off.
Less trust makes it much more difficult to generate and sustain successful virtual teams.
Less twist equates to a square clubface at impact, therefore more control.
Less urethane means less resiliency in the wheel.
Less vehicles means less traffic, safer roads, less energy use.
Less ventilation is required, reducing cost for replacement filters.
Less vibration means better edge grip, more control, and a smoother ride.
Less vibration means less fatigue and greater comfort.
Less violence is perceived.
Less violence occurs in urban public housing where there are trees.
Less volume means less blood flow to the tissues.
Less volume means less to spread which equates to a reduction in spreading costs.
Less wastage means more horses in training and possibly increased field sizes.
Less waste equals less land use for landfills.
Less waste equals more garden yield.
Less waste is generated here than the primary activities.
Less waste is more responsible and more efficient.
Less waste means fewer and safer disposal sites, a cleaner environment and a stronger economy.
Less waste means less disposal problems.
Less waste means lower production costs.
Less waste reduces our nation's landfills.
Less water affects both hay yield and quality.
Less water flows through faucets showers etc.
Less water is able to infiltrate the soil to replenish groundwater, so lower summer flows occur.
Less water is absorbed into the ground.
Less water is available for maintaining ecosystems.
Less water is lost by evaporation in the morning.
Less water is lost by evaporation, and disease incidence is reduced.
Less water is lost by evaporation.
Less water is lost from the needles in a cool room.
Less water is lost through evaporation and transpiration.
Less water is lost to evaporation when watering in the evening or at night.
Less water is lost to evaporation.
Less water is lost, and diarrhea is usually dissipated.
Less water is necessary during colder weather.
Less water is needed and less impact to the system.
Less water is needed as evaporation is reduced and weeds are inhibited.
Less water is needed during the resting period following bloom decline.
Less water is needed in the last few months of growth.
Less water is needed since less is lost to evaporation.
Less water is needed than with soil-grown crops.
Less water is needed to get the plants started right.
Less water is needed with plastic mulch, since evaporation loss is less.
Less water is needed, and less maintenance, while the result is firebreaks throughout the planting.
Less water is used in the process to solution dye the new face fiber.
Less water is used when the toilet is flushed.
Less water is used, and less energy is needed to heat the water.
Less water is wasted .
Less water is wasted.
Less water makes for drier, fluffier dishes.
Less water makes thicker paper.
Less water means deeper wells and higher pumping costs.
Less water means less drying time.
Less water means less power to sell to California.
Less water needs to be evaporated per pound of yarn sized.
Less water remains in the flat dish than in the narrow jar.
Less water seeps down into the soil to recharge the groundwater.
Less weight allows for heavier payloads and faster payback.
Less weight enhances performance.
Less weight has to be supported, and it doesn t affect the incoming radio waves.
Less weight improves acceleration, braking and handling.
Less weight is better.
Less weight is given to individual collector sales or asking prices.
Less weight is given to smaller companies' experience in worker modification rates.
Less weight is good, race veterans say, particularly when pushing the boat into the surf.
Less weight means better mileage.
Less weight means faster acceleration from buoy to buoy.
Less weight means less cost.
Less weight means less door roller wear and less overall door maintenance.
Less weight means less pitching and more speed.
Less weight means less strain on the bladder.
Less weight means less stress on the baypen.
Less weight means more fuel-efficiency.
Less weight means more money, but in the long term also means less effort.
Less weight means more payload or boosting the same payload into a higher orbit.
Less weight means slower speeds when landing.
Less weight means that the aircraft has to carry less fuel.
Less weight puts less strain on the joints.
Less weight reduces excess baggage charges on flights.
Less welds equal less potential problems.
Less wind means more rain.
Less wine is consumed, but beer and mineral water are increasingly popular.
Less wine means higher prices.
Less winter die back and lusher plants when spring does arrives.
Less women tend to get involved in ego-bashing and turf wars.
Less wood is used and coffins are cheaper.
Less words conveying the same message means more power.
Less work falls to association volunteers or the organization's assigned staff.
Less work is done up front, more is defered until actually used.
Less work is handed in late.
Much less work is done on system development and acquisition issues.
Less workaholism leads to more reflection, more true wisdom, more time with family and friends.
Less yeast means less rising.
A lessee is a holder
A lessee is a tenant
Lessees are also responsible for crowd control and any costs for damage incurred.
Lessees are responsible for removing all garbage and debris.
Lessees are responsible for their own set up and clean up.
Lessees can acquire use of equipment for a fraction of the asset's useful life.
Lessees can benefit from a reduced administrative burden.
Lessees incur no tax liability under true leases.
Lessees return to lessor.
Most lessees bring bottled water for cooking and drinking.
Some lesser amounts correspond to lower temperature.
Some lesser amounts correspond to temperature.
Lesser apes live in Asia in evergreen tropical rainforests and monsoon forests.
Lesser athletes get over-aroused and use considerable negative thinking.
Lesser bushbabies communicate territory by scent marking.
Lesser bushbabies have patches of long bristles, similar to whiskers, above the edges of their eyes.
Lesser bushbabies sleep in tree hollows.
Much lesser causes benefit from substantial public and private funding.
Lesser components are more straightforward to replace as they age.
Lesser deficiencies give rise to depression, irritability, insomnia, backaches, headaches and so on.
Lesser density is volume and greater density is mass.
Lesser detail seems necessary in undeveloped stretches of the shoreline.
Lesser differences occur everywhere.
Lesser discounts apply to items in other sections of the catalog.
Lesser doses are no more effective than placebo.
Many lesser dynasties are already at the brink of commercial extinction.
Any lesser estate conveyed is a sublease.
Many lesser experiences give opportunities to investigate the mind's potential.
Lesser exposure can cause skin cancer.
Lesser figures turn a news event into a social event.
Lesser fish eagle.
Lesser flamingos are smaller than the greater flamingo, and their plumage is much pinker.
Any lesser frequency makes even a simple discussion drag on for weeks.
Lesser galagos rely on acacia gum.
Lesser galagos rely on gum.
Most lesser galagos rely on acacia gum.
Most lesser galagos rely on gum.
Any lesser gods are therefore false.
Some lesser grisons have legs.
All lesser groups are merely insignificant components of the whole.
Lesser hedgehog tenrecs eat insects.
Lesser height are more usual but still extremely dangerous.
Some lesser kestrels feed on grasshoppers.
Lesser kudos live on the grassy plains of Africa and also on the hilly slopes.
Lesser kudu emit a bark vocalization when startled which warns others of potential predators.
Lesser kudus have horns.
Most lesser kudus have horns.
Some lesser kudus have distinctive stripes.
Some lesser kudus have stripes.
Some lesser kudus have white stripes.
Lesser men check their facts.
Lesser men have.
Lesser men play sports.
Lesser mealworms develop through several stages before they molt into the pupal stage.
Some lesser names have market caps lower than the amount of cash on their books.
Lesser numbers are taken with troll gear or beach seines.
A lesser omentum is animal tissue
Lesser omentum is incised, avoiding injury to any large apparent blood supply to the liver.
Lesser payments are possible depending upon company performance.
Lesser people resort to throwing pitches and, in the extreme, bats at each other.
Lesser procedures are also compatible with more work schedules.
Many lesser producers make wines for early consumption.
Lesser quality is acceptable on the rarest only.
Lesser quantities are available.
Lesser restaurants use more chicken than snake to cut costs.
A lesser scaup is a duck
Lesser scaup are black above and white below.
Any lesser service is either unprofessional, unethical or malpractice.
Lesser streets remain open to traffic, but the flow is subdued.
Lesser tequilas bolster the agave with cane sugar.
Lesser things are as important as greater things.
Lesser value is better.
Lesser vaults are unchanged.
Lesson plan addresses the issue of government responsibility for street children.
Lesson plan facilitates explanation of orbit and speed.
Lesson plan focuses on second and third grade students.
Lesson plan gives background notes for the teacher's use.
Lesson plan gives teachers an idea for a fun way to blend letter sounds and create words.
Lesson plan has few objectives and activities and lesson steps.
Lesson plan has integrity as is evidenced by the depth of the interactions with the content.
Lesson plan includes answer key for assigned chart.
Lesson plan includes appropriate closure OR time allocated for closure.
Lesson plan includes both a written assignment and a group communications and role-playing exercise.
Lesson plan includes four different activities.
Lesson plan includes ideas for both American and British literature classes.
Lesson plan includes two suggested written assignments and a group communication exercise.
Lesson plan is included.
Lesson plan is provided for a beginner workout.
Lesson plan lacks integrity as is evidenced by the lack of depth of interactions with the content.
Lesson plan leaves out a required component or needed material.
Lesson plan limits child's depth of involvement.
Lesson plan shows no creative approach to the content or use of resources.
Lesson plan states objectives, activities, and lesson steps.
Lesson plan uses five themes of geography.
Lesson plans are appropriate for middle school and high school levels.
Lesson plans are available as are sample articles and recent reviews from the hardcopy magazine.
Lesson plans are available at some sessions.
Lesson plans are available for all grade levels.
Lesson plans are available for downloading only in acrobat format.
Lesson plans are available for free.
Lesson plans are available for individual caregivers as well as heathcare instructors.
Lesson plans are available for kindergarten through fifth grade classes.
Lesson plans are available for middle school.
Lesson plans are available for other subjects.
Lesson plans are available for purchase.
Lesson plans are available for school teachers that describe energy use.
Lesson plans are available for teachers upon request.
Lesson plans are available for teachers, student information and general information.
Lesson plans are available for teachers.
Lesson plans are available on most sites.
Lesson plans are available online and are listed by topic and grade level.
Lesson plans are available on-line.
Lesson plans are available online.
Lesson plans are available to accompany the fact sheets.
Lesson plans are available to golfers of all experience levels.
Lesson plans are available upon request.
Lesson plans are available with the video.
Lesson plans are available, and teachers can submit their own lesson plans using a simple form.
Lesson plans are available.
Lesson plans are incomplete and show no creativity, variety of methodology and audio visual support.
Lesson plans are plans.
Lesson plans help to ensure that teaching and learning requirements are met.
Lesson plans relate to sowing, watering, weeding and harvesting.
All lesson plans are copy-edited before being posted on the site.
All lesson plans are copy-edited before being posted to the site.
All lesson plans are free.
All lesson plans are now on-disk and updated regularly.
All lesson plans are to be approved by the instructor and the classroom teacher before being taught.
All lesson plans combine media analysis and skills with health information.
All lesson plans conclude with a reflection statement.
Every lesson plan is based on objectives faced by professional animators on a daily basis.
Many lesson plans are available on the Internet.
Many lesson plans are available.
Many lesson plans deal with teaching about the Vietnam War.
More lesson plans are coming soon, so check back often.
Most lesson plans are available directly from the home page.
Most lesson plans are in pdf format.
Most lesson plans are well organized, complete, and cross-curricular.
Most lesson plans focus on science and math, although most of the other subjects are also covered.
Some lesson plans are also available.
Some lesson plans suggest a food product as an art material.
Lesson planning becomes effortless when real-life events are the focus for study.
Lesson planning can be such a drag.
Lesson planning includes classroom control.
Lesson planning is a skill .
Lesson planning is a special skill that is learned in much the same way as other skills .
Lesson planning is inconsistent and incomplete.
Lesson planning is mandatory if effective teaching and learning is to follow.
Lesson planning is much more that just writing down information about a course.
Lesson planning is very good and includes audio visual support and a variety of methods.
Lesson planning is very good and includes technological support and a variety of methods.
Lesson study is far more complex than simply having teachers write lessons together.
A lesson is a teaching
Lesson be outside some window or raise south park film review.
Lesson begins by having students make an isosceles right triangle out of construction paper.
Lesson engages students in purposeful mathematics activities.
Lesson engages students in purposeful reading activities.
Lesson helps are available .
Lesson introduces children to how a firefighter helps people in a community.
Lesson isa job.
Lesson isa occupation.
Lesson lacks organization.
Lesson mens camel hair sport coat.
Lesson mens wading jackets.
Lesson plan archive and other teacher tools.
Lesson plan to demonstrate the impact of a non-native species to an environment.
Lesson planning with input from others helps get the learning-centered process started.
Lesson plans too.
Lesson reviews focus on the structure and approach of the lesson.
Lesson womens linen dress.
Lessons aim to have students refine and practice non-violent communication skills.
Lessons aimed at the moment evaporate, well, momentarily.
Lessons allow for branching in different directions depending on the input of the user.
Lessons also avilable.
Lessons also cover where to go for information and how to present the results.
Lessons also depend on availability.
Lessons also explore the reason the United States entered the war.
Lessons also have a common format.
Lessons also relate to history, English, art and science.
Lessons also take place in traditional classroom settings.
Lessons appear to have been learned in Washington after that incident, however.
Lessons apply to designing programs, gaining support for programs, and evaluating program efforts.
Lessons are a combination of private lesson time and observation time.
Lessons are a forty-five minute period once a week.
Lessons are a good idea.
Lessons are a great place for beginners to start and to be considered as a future team member.
Lessons are a multidisciplinary collaborative effort.
Lessons are a one-hour period once a week.
Lessons are about how to do something.
Lessons are adaptable and include suggestions for students with special needs.
Lessons are adaptable to classes of different lengths.
Lessons are affordable and are offered six days per week.
Lessons are affordable and can be scheduled in hour or half-hour increments.
Lessons are age-appropriate.
Lessons are all online to peruse or print.
Lessons are also a great holiday gift idea.
Lessons are also available as a six-hour course for two people.
Lessons are also available at a reduced rate.
Lessons are also available at rollerskating rinks.
Lessons are also available at some of the hotels.
Lessons are also available by mail.
Lessons are also available daily.
Lessons are also available for adults and advanced riders.
Lessons are also available for beginners.
Lessons are also available for juniors.
Lessons are also available for qualified non-majors, if teacher time and facilities permit.
Lessons are also available from non-resident teachers approved by the music staff.
Lessons are also available in private homes for an additional cost, depending on location.
Lessons are also available in Spanish and French.
Lessons are also available to kindergarten, second, and fourth grade students.
Lessons are also available.
Lessons are always free to the public.
Lessons are always geared to skill level.
Lessons are always under the watchful and encouraging eye of an experienced instructor.
Lessons are an excellent way to learn.
Lessons are asynchromous learning experiences.
Lessons are at two levels, with the younger level ready for coloring.
Lessons are avaiable on request.
Lessons are available and are highly recommended.
Lessons are available and recommended for rookies.
Lessons are available and the club has both a putting area and a driving range.
Lessons are available and there is also a driving range.
Lessons are available as well as rentals for riding and pull carts.
Lessons are available at all levels.
Lessons are available at an additional cost.
Lessons are available at both facilities.
Lessons are available at many of our locations.
Lessons are available at our retail store in Cleves Ohio.
Lessons are available before noon and during the lunch hour.
Lessons are available both at beginners' and advanced level.
Lessons are available but individual equipment hire is also a possibility.
Lessons are available by appointment for adults and children.
Lessons are available by appointment.
Lessons are available by arrangement.
Lessons are available either in-person or by telephone.
Lessons are available fall and spring semesters and during the summer.
Lessons are available for a small fee.
Lessons are available for a variety of grade levels and each lesson includes activities as well.
Lessons are available for adults and children.
Lessons are available for all age groups and abilities.
Lessons are available for all ages and abilities.
Lessons are available for all ages and ability levels.
Lessons are available for all ages and levels of downhill, cross-country, telemark and snowboard.
Lessons are available for all ages and levels.
Lessons are available for all experience levels.
Lessons are available for all levels of skiing and snowboarding each day.
Lessons are available for all levels.
Lessons are available for all skill levels and can be taken in group or private sessions.
Lessons are available for all.
Lessons are available for basic English and Western riding.
Lessons are available for beginners as well as advanced skiers and boarders.
Lessons are available for beginners to experts.
Lessons are available for beginners up to advanced players.
Lessons are available for beginners, and players of all ages and all levels can find a game.
Lessons are available for beginners.
Lessons are available for both groups and individuals.
Lessons are available for business, educational, and home applications.
Lessons are available for children and adults.
Lessons are available for different age groups, styles of ice skating, and ability levels.
Lessons are available for experienced and beginner singers and instrumentalists.
Lessons are available for first-time players.
Lessons are available for fliers of all ages.
Lessons are available for kids, teens and adults.
Lessons are available for members and non-members.
Lessons are available for novices.
Lessons are available for players at all skill levels.
Lessons are available for private, semi-private, and groups.
Lessons are available for saxophone, oboe, flute, clarinet or bassoon.
Lessons are available for students at all levels of ability.
Lessons are available for tiny tots through adults.
Lessons are available for violin, viola, cello and bass.
Lessons are available for violin, viola, cello or string bass.
Lessons are available from an on-site pro.
Lessons are available from an open class instructor.
Lessons are available from certified teachers in Western and English riding, for pleasure and show.
Lessons are available from experienced instructors.
Lessons are available from one of the schools.
Lessons are available from our entire staff.
Lessons are available from qualified instructors.
Lessons are available from teaching professionals.
Lessons are available from two teaching professionals.
Lessons are available in English, French, German and Spanish.
Lessons are available in half-hour increments.
Lessons are available in many schools, usually during the school day.
Lessons are available in piano, voice, brass, woodwinds, and guitar.
Lessons are available in skiing, snowboarding and telemarking.
Lessons are available in Spanish and English .
Lessons are available in tennis as well.
Lessons are available in the evening and at weekends.
Lessons are available in voice and most instruments.
Lessons are available in western, saddle seat, and hunt seat riding.
Lessons are available individually or as a group.
Lessons are available on a daily basis and are scheduled and paid for on-site.
Lessons are available on a first come first serve basis.
Lessons are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Lessons are available on a half-hour or hour basis.
Lessons are available on a private or group basis.
Lessons are available on an individually scheduled and contracted basis.
Lessons are available on quite a few topics.
Lessons are available on web pages or in a downloadable PDF format.
Lessons are available online as are tips for creating lessons based on local historic sites.
Lessons are available privately or by groups and teams for players at any level.
Lessons are available seven days a week, including evening classes.
Lessons are available seven days a week.
Lessons are available through golf professionals at the various clubs for reasonable rates.
Lessons are available through out the day.
Lessons are available through private instruction, workshops and vacation retreats.
Lessons are available through some charters.
Lessons are available to any child or adult who desires to begin or continue private instruction.
Lessons are available to individuals and groups.
Lessons are available to individuals of all ages and abilities.
Lessons are available to members and non-members.
Lessons are available to members throughout the year.
Lessons are available to nonmajors, depending upon faculty availability.
Lessons are available to students during the school day.
Lessons are available to the beginning organist as well as the advanced.
Lessons are available too.
Lessons are available upon appointment.
Lessons are available upon request from the club professionals.
Lessons are available year-round in our indoor arena.
Lessons are available, all at additional cost.
Lessons are available, also.
Lessons are available, so are clinics, and shops for apparel and equipment.
Lessons are available, too.
Lessons are available.
Lessons are basic, well organized and progress at a speed comfortable for beginners.
Lessons are Bible-based, relevant and practical for every day life.
Lessons are by appointment and are offered in morning, afternoon and full-day sessions.
Lessons are by appointment only.
Lessons are by appointment with three day's advance scheduling.
Lessons are by appointment.
Lessons are by divided by age divisions to increase the quality of instruction.
Lessons are by reservation only.
Lessons are clear and units offer state standards for each lesson.
Lessons are client side maps and require compatible browsers.
Lessons are cohesive and build upon prior parts of the unit.
Lessons are color coded.
Lessons are complete but the database is limited.
Lessons are completely private and one on one.
Lessons are compulsory for all pupils.
Lessons are concise with numerous relevant illustrations intended to motivate the student.
Lessons are continually being added, so check the index of lessons often.
Lessons are currently available for computer and Internet use.
Lessons are custom-tailored to meet each individual student's area of interest.
Lessons are detailed and are changed frequently.
Lessons are different.
Lessons are easily adaptable for intermediate grades through high school.
Lessons are easy to follow and are graded from beginner to advanced.
Lessons are easy to follow and include hundreds of helpful photos, illustrations, and diagrams.
Lessons are easy to follow while providing a rich base of information.
Lessons are easy to understand and examples are clear.
Lessons are easy to understand.
Lessons are e-mailed.
Lessons are entirely online and include classroom materials.
Lessons are entirely private.
Lessons are excellent quality.
Lessons are fine.
Lessons are flexible allowing children to develop at their own natural pace.
Lessons are for all levels of skaters.
Lessons are for beginners and then students are converted to private instruction.
Lessons are for both the beginning piano student and the student who wants to review their skills.
Lessons are for one-half hour or one hour, at the discretion of the teacher.
Lessons are for the athletic novice who is ready for a new challenge.
Lessons are for wusses.
Lessons are free for dance attendees.
Lessons are free for members, as always.
Lessons are free for teachers to use in their classroom.
Lessons are free of charge and are scheduled during call-back time.
Lessons are free of charge.
Lessons are free to first-year students and senior music majors.
Lessons are free to Grove residents.
Lessons are free, but there is a small fee for grading and evaluation of work.
Lessons are free.
Lessons are fun and age appropriate.
Lessons are fun, relaxed and adapted to the age of the students.
Lessons are fun.
Lessons are generally single week topics and require no advance preparation.
Lessons are generally two hours in the morning and afternoon during the winter months.
Lessons are good.
Lessons are grounded in everyday situations, so abstractions build on experience.
Lessons are half hour weekly.
Lessons are helpful to all level skiers.
Lessons are highly participatory and often tied to classroom content under study.
Lessons are history based and placed in a geographic setting.
Lessons are ideal for skiers of all levels and ages.
Lessons are ideal for teachers in high school to use.
Lessons are important for cultural and peaceful coexistence.
Lessons are important.
Lessons are in easy to understand format.
Lessons are in English and in Italian contemporary.
Lessons are in English and Italian contemporary.
Lessons are in English, but the are taught High German.
Lessons are in full color with excellent graphs.
Lessons are in large print with good line drawings and descriptions on the use are clear.
Lessons are in order and they build upon former lessons.
Lessons are in small groups.
Lessons are inconsistent.
Lessons are individualized and student-centered and mentoring is in place as a strong reinforcement.
Lessons are inspirational and show students that homeownership is tangible.
Lessons are interactive, requiring learners to respond to prompts and answer questions.
Lessons are interactive.
Lessons are interdisciplinary, project-based, and organized around global thematic units of study.
Lessons are just text files.
Lessons are lengthy and uninteresting, and games simply drill children's knowledge.
Lessons are limited to pool and instructor availability.
Lessons are linear, consecutive segments of one-way communication.
Lessons are listed separately and list appropriate grade levels, however, many are adaptable.
Lessons are located in schools.
Lessons are low key but full of meaning.
Lessons are never over.
Lessons are New Zealand based and suitable for most levels.
Lessons are often available and non-guests pay an extra fee.
Lessons are often the answer.
Lessons are on a first come first serve basis.
Lessons are on a first come, first serve basis.
Lessons are on an hourly rate.
Lessons are on books of the Bible.
Lessons are on philosophy, literature, brush painting, cinema and cuisine.
Lessons are on whole ice surface.
Lessons are once a week.
Lessons are one half or full hour, the training fee is a private treaty.
Lessons are one hour a day, five days per week, and last from one to six months.
Lessons are one hour a week at student's home.
Lessons are one hour in duration.
Lessons are one hour, with added practice time.
Lessons are one night per week for one hour.
Lessons are online, and free of charge.
Lessons are open to all active and passive participants.
Lessons are open to both members and non-members.
Lessons are open to children and adults.
Lessons are open to members and non-members.
Lessons are optional, and pupils help to run the school.
Lessons are optional.
Lessons are original activities that correlate with the selected Benchmark and grade range.
Lessons are part of courses.
Lessons are part of education.
Lessons are particularly applicable for middle and high school teachers and counselors.
Lessons are payable on a monthly basis.
Lessons are playful.
Lessons are practical and timely.
Lessons are prepared and tested in the classroom and then presented to elementary school children.
Lessons are private one on one.
Lessons are purposeful and given in friendly surroundings .
Lessons are really worth taking from the right teaching pro.
Lessons are relatively inexpensive, and the benefits immeasurable.
Lessons are repeated until learned.
Lessons are roughly twenty minutes long involving stories, songs, games, and pictures.
Lessons are safe, fun, and chal- lenging for all ages.
Lessons are searchable by keyword.
Lessons are self-contained and centered on a specific value.
Lessons are self-explanatory and come complete with exercises and answers.
Lessons are self-paced and sent out every two weeks.
Lessons are self-paced and vary from one to several hours in length.
Lessons are self-paced but exams are only given on scheduled dates throughout the semester.
Lessons are self-paced.
Lessons are sequential and are customizable.
Lessons are setup with teaching materials and lesson parameters.
Lessons are short, clear and effective.
Lessons are sometimes in the families home, but most are in classrooms or in company board rooms.
Lessons are subject to space availability and advanced reservations are required.
Lessons are subject to teaching staff availability.
Lessons are suitable for all study levels from kindergarten to university undergraduate.
Lessons are systematic, incremental, and progressive.
Lessons are tailor-made depending on teacher s needs.
Lessons are teaching.
Lessons are there to learn, but then what they lead to matters more.
Lessons are thorough and include clearly stated and outlined goals and objectives.
Lessons are thorough, easy to follow, and suitable for use with an adult population.
Lessons are to be completed in consecutive order with printouts of the requested assignments.
Lessons are to be found in the current rebalancing of health care and post-secondary education.
Lessons are to be learned and experiences are to be shared.
Lessons are to be made up with in the period it was missed.
Lessons are to be taught accordingly, for the goal is to lead students into responsive discipleship.
Lessons are to be taught by teachers at school.
Lessons are to the point.
Lessons are topic based, including main idea, topic sentences and more.
Lessons are topical and fun for students.
Lessons are two and a half hours long.
Lessons are up to date with excellent information.
Lessons are usually a generous half hour and can be arranged during the day or early evening.
Lessons are usually a generous half-hour and can be arranged during the day or early evening.
Lessons are usually available through the hotels.
Lessons are usually half an hour long, and a cost equivalent to private tuition in the community.
Lessons are usually thirty minutes in length, once a week.
Lessons are usually topical and well researched.
Lessons are usually twice a week and last for one and a halfhours.
Lessons are varied and adjusted to performance.
Lessons are very painful.
Lessons are very short and the bell cuts the teacher in mid sentence.
Lessons are video taped on the actual sites in Israel.
Lessons are web-based but adaptable.
Lessons are well described and offer a variety of student activities to enhance learning.
Lessons are well organized and include Biblical content.
Lessons are well organized and systematic.
Lessons are well organized with simple directions.
Lessons are with certified affiliate artists appointed by the department.
Lessons are with certified affiliate artists appointed by the music department.
Lessons arrive as e-mail messages with instruction, clip art, color and attachments.
Lessons base on information.
Lessons Be sure to have something prepared to play at all lessons.
Lessons become more affordable , encouraging broader participation.
Lessons begin and end on the hour or half hour with a few exceptions.
Lessons begin and end on time and are free from interruptions.
Lessons begin approximately the third week of the semester.
Lessons begin at the start of the fall and spring semesters.
Lessons begin during the first week of classes.
Lessons begin the following week.
Lessons begin the second week of classes.
Lessons begin the second week of the quarter.
Lessons begin to transcend the contest.
Lessons begin with a problem to solve.
Lessons begin with a tutorial segment and are followed by randomly generated practice examples.
Lessons begin with basic instruction starting from the ground up.
Lessons begin with pre-history and end with a look at the future.
Lessons begin with structured, cued responses and progress to free conversation.
Lessons begin with thought-provoking questions to get the students going.
Lessons begin with what the students know.
Lessons bounce around and from topic to topic.
Lessons build and expand on their informal experiences with numbers.
Lessons build around vibrant, exciting stories and other reading selections.
Lessons build from simple conversations to complex passages.
Lessons build on authentic reading passages from which vocabulary and structure are drawn.
Lessons build on each other to higher levels of learning and communication.
Lessons build on each other.
Lessons build receptive vocabulary.
Lessons build upon each other.
Lessons can able accessed at any time of day during a ten-day period.
Lessons can be graphical.
Lessons can be quite intensive, and so they usually last only about half an hour.
Lessons can be valuable, but only if they are just part of a regular golfing regimen.
Lessons can continue, says county.
Lessons can ensure the development of positive, appropriate and efficient movements.
Lessons can establish necessary structure to help students stay focused on learning.
Lessons can greatly enhance the experience.
Lessons can include an interactive online quiz, and can be accessed at any time with a web browser.
Lessons can include technique, harmony, theory, improvisation, composition and sight reading.
Lessons can start and stop at any time throughout the year.
Lessons center on assertiveness, self-esteem, choices, and peer pressure.
Lessons center on the Bible, and there's always time for marking Scripture passages.
Lessons challenge students to read, think, analyze, write, and use the text.
Lessons change each month, alternating between west coast swing and hustle.
Lessons change weekly but an archive of past lessons is available.
Lessons Click on the lesson box to enter.
Lessons combine theories.
Lessons come from a variety of sources with a strong discussion format.
Lessons come in chunks.
Lessons concentrate on simple chords and strumming techniques, music notation and finger picking.
Lessons connect directly to musical concepts in the curriculum.
Lessons consist in part of lecture notes.
Lessons consist of one-half hour of contact time per week per semester.
Lessons consist of resources ranging from the textbook to the computer.
Lessons consist of six modules ending with computation tests or writing documents.
Lessons consist of tandem instruction while being towed aloft via ultralight aircraft.
Lessons consist of theory, ear training, sight reading, history, and performance practices.
Lessons consist of theory, ear training, sight-reading, history, and performance practices.
Lessons contain a reading, a grammar lesson, a vocabulary list to be learned, and exercises.
Lessons contain background content and pages to copy for student use.
Lessons contain detailed explanations and directions.
Lessons contain problems for students to check their knowledge and animated GIFs to teach concepts.
Lessons contain reproducible handouts, and teacher pages with extension activities and answer keys.
Lessons contain two drills of five questions each.
Lessons continue to expand receptive vocabulary.
Lessons correspond to the State Standards for instruction of science.
Lessons cost extra.
Lessons cost the same.
Lessons cover all phases of the game and are tailored for individual ability level.
Lessons cover animal names, colors, seasons, and feelings.
Lessons cover astronomy, physics, magnetic fields, and more.
Lessons cover Bible stories and liturgical themes.
Lessons cover concepts.
Lessons cover follow topics.
Lessons cover many curriculum areas.
Lessons cover math concepts succinctly using color, graphics and animations.
Lessons cover math concepts succinctly using color, graphics, and animations.
Lessons cover one hour a week for a full year curriculum.
Lessons cover pronunciation, vocab, and grammar.
Lessons cover repertoire as well as theory, composition, and technique.
Lessons cover science, art, math, poetry, and more.
Lessons cover subjects.
Lessons cover such topics as modern art, African art, and ancient Egyptian art.
Lessons cover symptoms, causes, Bible examples and suggestions for coping.
Lessons cover tabulature, rhythm guitar, blues scales, solo techniques and licks, and slide guitar.
Lessons cover the basic grammatical structures and vocabulary of English.
Lessons cover the California state standards for the teaching of language arts and social science.
Lessons cover the manufacture of commercial ice cream, ices, and sherbets.
Lessons cover things like context clues, main idea, analogies, prefixes and reading comprehension.
Lessons cover topics.
Lessons cover types of measurement and data collection, significant digits, and scientific notation.
Lessons deal with diverse aspects of biology.
Lessons deal with individual breath control as it relates to the performer's particular instrument.
Lessons deal with such topics as uses of water and water regulation.
Lessons deal with the hard issues in teen's lives by developing further understanding of the Bible.
Lessons deal with various English areas such as poetry, verbs, the alphabet, and many more.
Lessons develop skills in small incremental steps.
Lessons emphasize a participatory, problem-solving approach.
Lessons emphasize content areas such as science, social studies, and mathematics.
Lessons emphasize real-world experiences.
Lessons emphasize the amassing of fresh musical sketches.
Lessons emphasize the application and problem solving approaches to chemistry.
Lessons encourage Bible study and discussion on the many aspects of stewardship.
Lessons encourage collaboration among students.
Lessons encourage students to think about the purpose of activities and assignments.
Lessons encourage students.
Lessons encourage the exploration of differing perspectives, critical thinking skills and analysis.
Lessons end in a variety of challenging games.
Lessons enhance Utah studies, social studies, science, language arts, art and mathematics.
Lessons enhance Utah studies, social studies, science, language arts, art, and mathematics.
Lessons expand receptive vocabulary.
Lessons explain development.
Lessons explore sweetness, dryness, acidity, fruitiness, wine and food pairing, etc.
Lessons explore ways to understand the biblical message and application to daily life.
Lessons fall generally into two parts.
Lessons Find out where to go to get some golf lessons from experienced professionals.
Lessons Finding truth is the forerunner of making fit solutions that work well, too.
Lessons focus on algebraic thinking.
Lessons focus on Christian response, basic information and prevention.
Lessons focus on daily as well as pre-employment skills.
Lessons focus on developing trust and progressive communication .
Lessons focus on extending literacy experiences as well as developing computer skills.
Lessons focus on fundamental skill development in four major subject areas.
Lessons focus on fundamental skill development in the major subject areas.
Lessons focus on generic business situations and can be used with any database software.
Lessons focus on goals.
Lessons focus on horse and rider communication, equitation, dressage, hunter and cross-country.
Lessons focus on idiomatic usage and practical vocabulary, and oral reviews help determine progress.
Lessons focus on interpretations of the biblical story.
Lessons focus on listening comprehension.
Lessons focus on most aspects of the game including etiquette and rules of play.
Lessons focus on navigation, cartography, and magnetism with practical activities and curriculum.
Lessons focus on on natural science, geology, history, paleontology, music and art.
Lessons focus on particular parts of the visual system, along with diseases and treatments.
Lessons focus on prewriting, drafting, revising, and checking written work.
Lessons focus on reading aloud, paired reading, silent reading, and book sharing circles.
Lessons focus on reading comprehension and introducing more complex grammatical structures.
Lessons focus on specific learning objectives and language experiences.
Lessons focus on techniques for writing and revising poetry and short fiction.
Lessons focus on the currents of the ocean and ocean basins.
Lessons focus on the geography and geology of Antarctica.
Lessons focus on the physical, historical, and cultural geography of Minnesota.
Lessons focus on various books of the Bible for two-three month studies.
Lessons focus on word choice, sentence structure, style, usage, editing, and rewriting.
Lessons follow a distinct format, and are intended to be easy, fun, and challenging.
Lessons form River-Basin Accords.
Lessons function independent of one another, and offer flexibility.
Lessons generally consist of at least three activities.
Lessons generally consist of oral work, activity and cultural appreciation.
Lessons generally follow the same pattern.
Lessons generally last one hour and balls are included in the price.
Lessons generally run a half an hour where the rider is actually riding.
Lessons generally start an hour before dancing.
Lessons given at the club are video taped upon request.
Lessons given in the workshops are practical and individualized.
Lessons go from beginner to advanced levels.
Lessons go much better when both the teacher and students are ready.
Lessons guide participants through designing rubrics customized for their teaching.
Lessons have components.
Lessons have literacy components.
Lessons have roles.
Lessons have steps.
Lessons have to be learned from events of the recent past.
Lessons help concepts.
Lessons help development.
Lessons help ideas.
Lessons help knowledge.
Lessons help preschoolers explore the seasons, the weather, the earth, the air, the ocean, and more.
Lessons help researchers.
Lessons help students explore internal and external influences that affect health.
Lessons help students.
Lessons help the instructor select between analytic and synthetic methods.
Lessons II through V teach decision making, problem solving, and risk assessment skills.
Lessons illustrate love and faith principles that children can apply in their daily living.
Lessons include activities.
Lessons include concepts.
Lessons include examples.
Lessons include extra information.
Lessons include information.
Lessons include overviews.
Lessons include stories.
Lessons includes songs, scales, exercises, and more.
Lessons incorporate active learning, conflict resolution, and collaboration skills.
Lessons incorporate activities with teaching tips.
Lessons incorporate animation, simulations, narration, and video instruction.
Lessons incorporate writing and reading activities to connect spelling to language arts.
Lessons integrate all subjects, rather than focusing on one at a time.
Lessons integrate comptines , poems, and rap to offer students engaging activities.
Lessons integrate science, mathematics, geography, art, and language.
Lessons introduce concepts.
Lessons introduce formal concepts.
Lessons involve a separate fee.
Lessons involve discussion, group activities and role play to enhance the learning experience.
Lessons involve the mixing of primary colors to create secondary colors.
Lessons involving paradoxical or conflicting information capitalize on their natural curiosity.
Lessons involving the science process skills are also part of the unit.
Lessons is a database intended for distribution to other educators on a nonprofit basis.
Lessons last approximately four hours, and are taught in English.
Lessons last approximately one hour and are presented once a week.
Lessons last three hours, with recesses of course.
Lessons last three hours.
Lessons lead quickly into popular songs and duets.
Lessons lead to skills.
Lessons learnt - Follow the rigs packing manual closely.
Lessons learnt from that period include a reminder that law is recursive.
Lessons learnt Spend sufficient time on the objectives.
Lessons learnt through participation in sport are valuable to all areas of life.
Lessons Look to non-traditional sources for funding.
Lessons lurk in questions about microwave ovens, breaking eggs, and cooking meat.
Lessons maximize often-missed visual and kinetic learning styles of advanced students.
Lessons meet behind the rental building.
Lessons meet for one hour on a weekly basis at a regularly scheduled time.
Lessons meet once or twice a week.
Lessons mimic the general order of presentation of most algebra texts.
Lessons Never use an untrusted diskette without first scanning it for viruses.
Lessons occur during the school day.
Lessons occur frequently and the time spent together on each lesson is relatively long.
Lessons offer more than just physical instruction.
Lessons offer optional activities at many points.
Lessons permit students to use the full range of their cognitive skills.
Lessons Pick a theme.
Lessons plans for primary students.
Lessons play the role of lectures, reading, and note-taking in a traditional course.
Lessons present themselves on a daily basis.
Lessons primarily cover history and social studies and are appropriate for preschool through adult.
Lessons proceed from basic to advanced levels and contain graded reviews.
Lessons produce educated skaters.
Lessons produce safe skaters.
Lessons progress systematically with insightful tips along the way.
Lessons progress to increasingly expressive interpretations of content.
Lessons provide correct alignment and developmental strength.
Lessons provide good opportunity.
Lessons provide instruction in all aspects of Mandarin phonetics.
Lessons provide introductions.
Lessons provide opportunity.
Lessons provide overviews.
Lessons provide solid textual teaching with life application.
Lessons provide students with hands on activities.
Lessons provide useful hints and links to more resources.
Lessons provided to teachers include reading comprehension, word study, vocabulary, and writing.
Lessons quickly progress from isolated keystrokes through words and sentences.
Lessons range from beginner to expert.
Lessons range from beginners to advanced.
Lessons range from beginning to advanced and cover all styles of music from country to jazz.
Lessons range from geography to science to history to reading to foreign languages.
Lessons range from infants through adults.
Lessons range from one hour to full day.
Lessons reflect real life.
Lessons regularly cause frustration or are too easy.
Lessons reinforce the development of important academic and social skills.
Lessons relate the materials the students are currently learning to sources in the library.
Lessons relate to American history and culture, government, economics, geography and current events.
Lessons relate to American history, culture, government, economics, geography and current events.
Lessons remain to be learned from the competition.
Lessons require minimal prepartion, but result in maximum participation and leaning. .
Lessons require reservations made in advance.
Lessons require students.
Lessons revolve around a basketball theme.
Lessons revolve around constructing the news, news and politics and the role of public relations.
Lessons revolve around the fund-raising campaign.
Lessons run for eight hours a day.
Lessons run for several weeks per dance type.
Lessons run one hour each week for four consecutive weeks.
Lessons seek to convey the Lutheran theological tradition.
Lessons show clear definitions with examples.
Lessons show no evidence of constructivism or real-world relevance.
Lessons show pupils.
Lessons sink in with time.
Lessons slide into view with a mechanical whir as users click through the table of contents.
Lessons spread over time allow for better assimilation of material as do participatory activities.
Lessons start immediately without lengthy download delays .
Lessons start next weekend.
Lessons start on the second day of the class.
Lessons start on time, and there are no interruptions.
Lessons start promptly and no time is wasted.
Lessons start promptly.
Lessons start with a basic game of fetch with a towel.
Lessons stress reading for meaning from the very beginning.
Lessons strive to improve each student's game in the areas of hitting, fielding and throwing.
Lessons support national educational standards in math and science.
Lessons support the National Education Standards for social studies and language arts.
Lessons take more time to prepare than traditional lesson plans.
Lessons take place at students home or other suitable accommodation.
Lessons take place at the beginning of the meeting, before the planned program.
Lessons take place five days a week.
Lessons take place in schools during school time.
Lessons take place in the residence and are fun, relaxed, and adapted to the age of the students.
Lessons take place on a rotation basis within the timetable or in free time.
Lessons take place on grass tees, practice greens, bunkers, classroom and golf course.
Lessons take place regardless of German public holidays.
Lessons teach children.
Lessons Think like a user .
Lessons to help students.
Lessons typically have a number of sections also accessed from menu.
Lessons typically take from several days to several weeks of class meetings.
Lessons use a problem-solving approach and actively engage students in the learning process.
Lessons use interesting and enjoyable activities such as games, songs and craft activities.
Lessons use real world data.
Lessons utilize a variety of interactive activities to illustrate concepts.
Lessons utilize several kinds of audio and visual materials.
Lessons vary according to the needs and skill of the rider and are conducted in a safe environment.
Lessons vary from time to time.
Lessons vary in degree of detail.
Lessons vary in length, subject matter and education level.
Lessons vary, including waltz, progressive double two step, two step, jitterbug.
Lessons work as independent learning modules or as a supplement to other math instruction.
Lessons work to build empathy and teach impulse control and anger management.
Lessons usually begin in the fall.
Lessons usually combine short lectures with visual demonstrations and hands-on activities.
Lessons usually start at the beginning of the month and are quite resonable.
All lesson are indoors out of the cold and snow.
All lessons also require a lift ticket.
All lessons are activity based.
All lessons are also available online.
All lessons are at the regular private instrumental rate.
All lessons are available everyday except Sundays and holidays.
All lessons are available in groups, but some private sessions are available.
All lessons are available in pdf format.
All lessons are available in print and online.
All lessons are by advanced appointment.
All lessons are by appointment only.
All lessons are classroom tested to be sure that they work and promote learning for all students.
All lessons are complete with a variety of drills for the student to master.
All lessons are confidential and are based upon individually set goals.
All lessons are confidential, and are based upon individually set goals.
All lessons are daytime only.
All lessons are downloadable in Adobe Acrobat format for printing.
All lessons are either self-contained or require only readily available materials.
All lessons are for personal use only.
All lessons are FREE, with no strings attached.
All lessons are free.
All lessons are hands on and involve the child in discovering their own learning.
All lessons are highly participatory.
All lessons are in an easy language and picture form for easier learning.
All lessons are in English.
All lessons are interdisciplinary and follow the same format.
All lessons are interdisciplinary.
All lessons are one hour and private.
All lessons are one hour in length.
All lessons are one-hour and private.
All lessons are online and there is no charge.
All lessons are online.
All lessons are open to skiers and snowboarders alike.
All lessons are open-book format.
All lessons are printable.
All lessons are private and scheduled individually.
All lessons are private lessons.
All lessons are private one on one instruction with our world class staff of experienced teachers.
All lessons are private.
All lessons are Spanish bilingual.
All lessons are specifically for beginners.
All lessons are submittable via email.
All lessons are suitable for all ages.
All lessons are tentative.
All lessons are to address the concept of technological developments and their affect on society.
All lessons are wisdom building.
All lessons begin with basic instruction starting from the ground up.
All lessons carry a fee.
All lessons come with instructions and music.
All lessons come with instructions and reproducible patterns.
All lessons come with recorded music and verbal instruction.
All lessons contain vocabulary with recorded audio.
All lessons cultivate critical thinking skills, most recommend cooperative learning structures.
All lessons developed by the project are freely available to faculty and students.
All lesson's directly on the page and free.
All lessons dovetail with the state language arts standards required in the fiction genre.
All lessons fit into a planned sequence in the scheme of work.
All lessons have a voice option in English or Spanish.
All lessons have evidence of constructivism.
All lessons have questionnaires to complete.
All lessons have three sections.
All lessons involve interactive learning and the use of manipulatives.
All lessons last approximately one hour.
All lessons meet the National Standards for Music and South Carolina Frameworks for Music Education.
All lessons offer animated examples and section-ending quizzes.
All lessons offer immediate answers and explanations on exercise questions.
All lessons operate under one simple interface.
All lessons proceed rain, hail or shine.
All lessons provide references and links to authoritative documentation and standards.
All lessons relate to aerospace.
All lessons relate to earth science.
All lessons relate to real applications found within the travel industry.
All lessons require players to keep their heads up and look while dribbling.
All lessons require reservations.
All lessons require the student to complete graded exercises.
All lessons require the use of one or more documents for their work.
All lessons scheduled are subject to change.
All lessons take place in the privacy and comfort of the student's house.
All lessons use experiential activities to explore abstract concepts.
All lessons use only native speakers.
Any lesson can be accessed at any time, however the program does suggest the appropriate next step.
Any lesson carries with it a financial burden.
Any lesson takes a while to sink in.
Every lesson comes complete with instructions on how best to teach the new activity or concept.
Every lesson consists of an instruction and assignments.
Every lesson contains a question paper and every grade has an examination.
Every lesson contains all of the four sentence-building exercises that follow.
Every lesson contains audio files, grammar explanations and interactive exercises.
Every lesson counts.
Every lesson delivers a kernel of valuable knowledge - and is the subject of a short quiz.
Every lesson deserves study, and restudy.
Every lesson directs students into the daily newspaper for completion of a corresponding activity.
Every lesson ends with a quiz, with answers in an appendix.
Every lesson follows the next with at least one link from the previous one.
Every lesson has a different cultural topic.
Every lesson has a firm foundation in Scripture.
Every lesson has a hands-on component.
Every lesson has a homework assignment from the textbook.
Every lesson has a print version for classroom use.
Every lesson has a scaffold to the next lesson.
Every lesson has a small quiz at the end as a self-check.
Every lesson has a special section for local business representatives.
Every lesson has a version without links or navigational bar which can be printed for classroom use.
Every lesson has an associated game.
Every lesson has an associated timed test.
Every lesson has reading and contains questions covering that reading.
Every lesson has screens like the one above.
Every lesson has to have rationale, objectives and a way to evaluate.
Every lesson includes a list of terms, sample dialogue and quick explanations of the grammar used.
Every lesson includes interactive exercises, and all materials work with or without audio.
Every lesson includes interesting sidebar items that enliven the study of the Bible.
Every lesson includes one or two activities lasting fifteen to twenty minutes.
Every lesson includes practical applications for students' lives.
Every lesson includes reflection questions.
Every lesson is a chance to practice.
Every lesson is an adventure in peacemaking.
Every lesson is biblically accurate.
Every lesson is centered around a story, set in Victorian times, narrated by a seven year old child.
Every lesson is designed to be accessed in print, digital, and hands-on environments.
Every lesson is designed to deliver value.
Every lesson is direct, well planned, and more valuable than gold.
Every lesson is high interest and hands-on.
Every lesson is reinforced with colorful handouts for students and parents.
Every lesson is reinforced with songs, games and fun classroom activities.
Every lesson is structured to provide comprehensive knowledge and expertise on a specific topic.
Every lesson is tied in to other skills, such as literacy, art and working with others.
Every lesson is very structured and consists of the same parts.
Every lesson lasts for one week and focuses on a different type of letter.
Every lesson provides concise training on a specific sales management topic.
Many lessons also help develop math skills.
Many lessons are available at school in the group tuition scheme.
Many lessons are available for various math subjects.
Many lessons are cross-disciplinary and some integrate the Internet into activities.
Many lessons are cross-disciplinary and some integrate the Internet into the activities.
Many lessons are cross-disciplinary, and some integrate the Internet into the activities.
Many lessons are double lessons.
Many lessons are free.
Many lessons are still textbook-driven.
Many lessons are technology-based.
Many lessons are there to be learned.
Many lessons can include both approaches.
Many lessons come through experimentation and word of mouth.
Many lessons conclude with a final group performance for the class.
Many lessons contain interactive lectures to help demonstrate the material.
Many lessons employ discovery learning.
Many lessons have an activity or exercise.
Many lessons have corresponding downloadable activity sheets.
Many lessons have to do with a balanced life.
Many lessons introduce the students to great works of art, the artist, and their styles.
Many lessons say to show art examples, photos, or pictures before children do the art work.
Many lessons use trade books to launch or extend mathematical investigations.
Many lessons utilize more than one type of arrangement.
More lessons abound, but perhaps they all boil down to one.
More lessons are optional at extra cost.
More lessons plans then a teacher can know what to do with.
Most lessons actually integrate more than one subject area, but are listed under the main topic.
Most lessons also ask students to graph or otherwise analyze the data.
Most lessons also contain an exercise for additional practice.
Most lessons are Bible discussions led by outside teachers.
Most lessons are for middle and high school age.
Most lessons are in guitar, piano, and voice.
Most lessons are on TV with weekly visits by the TV Spanish teachers to our classrooms.
Most lessons are private using one or more instructors per student.
Most lessons are straightforward, requiring limited use of outside resources.
Most lessons begin with a list of new vocabulary words and conclude with an exercise.
Most lessons build on the ones that came earlier in the sequence.
Most lessons combine theories.
Most lessons conclude with a brief homework assignment.
Most lessons consist of a reading assignment, a commentary, and a written assignment.
Most lessons contain a reading assignment.
Most lessons cover concepts.
Most lessons cover follow topics.
Most lessons cover subjects.
Most lessons cover topics.
Most lessons culminate in series of student recitals.
Most lessons encourage students.
Most lessons end with the assignment of homework.
Most lessons explain development.
Most lessons feature lots of listening and observing.
Most lessons focus on goals.
Most lessons have a spread explained and examples given.
Most lessons have an interactive web-based assignment or demonstration.
Most lessons have components.
Most lessons have evidence of constructivism.
Most lessons have links to printer-friendly pages.
Most lessons have literacy components.
Most lessons have multiple parts.
Most lessons have pre and post-tests to measure performance against performance objectives.
Most lessons have roles.
Most lessons have six pages to to read, in addition to a question and answer page.
Most lessons have steps.
Most lessons have two or three objectives and cover basic as well as higher level skills.
Most lessons help concepts.
Most lessons help development.
Most lessons help ideas.
Most lessons help knowledge.
Most lessons help researchers.
Most lessons help students.
Most lessons introduce concepts.
Most lessons introduce formal concepts.
Most lessons involve only common household objects.
Most lessons lead to skills.
Most lessons provide good opportunity.
Most lessons provide introductions.
Most lessons provide opportunity.
Most lessons provide overviews.
Most lessons require a reading assignment from the textbook.
Most lessons require students.
Most lessons spend at least a two week rotation in the Teachers Corner.
Most lessons take place on modest hills, though a couple schools utilize sand dunes and tow systems.
Most lessons take up to a week to schedule, author, test, and make available.
Most lessons teach children.
Most lessons use the Internet as a technology tool.
Some lesson helps are available.
Some lessons adjust the level of difficulty according to students' mastery of the concepts.
Some lessons apply to life in general.
Some lessons apply to other excessive force.
Some lessons are also available for viewing online.
Some lessons are better off unlearned.
Some lessons are cheaper and others are more costly.
Some lessons are easy, some are hard.
Some lessons are harder than others.
Some lessons are harder to learn than others.
Some lessons are just for practice, but later they are more and more to meet the student's needs.
Some lessons are less than thorough in their scope, but they're helpful nonetheless.
Some lessons are more than one page.
Some lessons are obsolete, other are perennial.
Some lessons are part of curricula.
Some lessons are part of syllabi.
Some lessons are part of workshops.
Some lessons are particular to America.
Some lessons are practical.
Some lessons are quite predictable.
Some lessons are still under development.
Some lessons are there to be learnt by all.
Some lessons are universal.
Some lessons come hard.
Some lessons contribute to overall wellnesses.
Some lessons contribute to wellnesses.
Some lessons cover definition.
Some lessons deal with probability and physics.
Some lessons depend heavily on the time of year.
Some lessons depend on information from the previous units.
Some lessons explain importance.
Some lessons facilitate interaction.
Some lessons focus on introductions.
Some lessons focus on principles.
Some lessons focus on roles.
Some lessons have biodiversity.
Some lessons have high biodiversity.
Some lessons have importance.
Some lessons have more than one page.
Some lessons have to be leaned by oneself.
Some lessons have to be taught many times before they are really learned.
Some lessons illustrate ways.
Some lessons incorporate activity sheets for students to complete independently.
Some lessons incorporate technology and most include rubrics to guide assessment.
Some lessons incorporate the internet.
Some lessons introduce electricity.
Some lessons introduce sound.
Some lessons involve magnets.
Some lessons lack active learning.
Some lessons last a day, others last a month.
Some lessons learn from approaches.
Some lessons learn from experiments.
Some lessons meet requirements.
Some lessons miss the mark.
Some lessons offer activities.
Some lessons offer experiments.
Some lessons provide summaries.
Some lessons refer to travel websites.
Some lessons relate to chemistry.
Some lessons require children.
Some lessons require several class periods.
Some lessons require the use of one or more images, sounds, or video clips for their work.
Some lessons show animation.
Some lessons show students.
Some lessons support literacy skills.
Some lessons take a long time to learn.
Some lessons take longer to learn than others.
Some lessons take more time than others.
Some lessons take places.
Some lessons teach students about the names and locations of the components of the system.
Some lessons use blades.
Some lessons use puppets.
Some lessons utilize lots of phone interaction.
Some lessons utilize websites.
Lessons plans are available.
Lessons plans are searchable by grade level and curriculum area.
Lessons plans can also pin point specific grade levels and subject areas to apply technology.
A lessor is an owner
Lessor files a financing statement describing the transaction as a lease.
Lessor is another word for landlord.
Lessor maintains ownership, fair market value purchase option at lease end.
Lessor pays for exterior and roof maintenance.
Lessor retains concession privileges.
Lessor retains the right to store personal belongings in half of the lowest level floor.
Lessor Use leasing companies who specialize in technology and equipment leasing.
Lessors are owners.
Lessors come to airlines' rescue.
Lessors pay for postings.
Many lessors say they count on reragging and repainting airplanes coming back off lease.
Most lessors seek reimbursement of property tax in some manner.
Some lessors charge a substantial fee for buying the lease out.
Some lessors charge lower fees than others.
Lest people conspire and contend.
Lest people forget.
A let is a service
LEt rise until double in size.
Lets accept both.
Lets act like it.
Lets add a basic light fixture.
Lets add a square bump in the middle of the line.
Lets add an addtional part to the question.
Lets add another layer of complexity.
Lets add functions to strip the fm down.
Lets add in the eighth notes.
Lets add one more twards the bottom of the surface.
Lets add our other class, editfield, to our house.
Lets add some color.
Lets add some text to make the output more meaningful.
Lets add some text.
Lets add some XML tags to the personal data block.
Lets add the bonus tracks now instead of later.
Lets add the builders of the halo into the picture.
Lets add the first heading to our code.
Lets add the streets layer to our mapper.
Lets add two digits together using a number line.
Lets address each one and explain why it is a huge mistake.
Lets address some things.
Lets admit it and move on.
Lets admit it.
Lets advocate for a gay straight alliance in every high school in America.
Lets agree on one or two first.
Lets agree to consider the quality of sound subjective.
Lets agree, no spamming and no griping about spamming.
Lets allow it.
Lets also fix our defense.
Lets also say the surface of the water is transparent.
Lets also share fun stories.
Lets analyse the issue carefully.
Lets analyze above two commands.
Lets analyze conspiracy theories a little bit.
Lets analyze it.
Lets analyze one simple example.
Lets analyze some of the evidence that indicates the existence of such genes.
Lets analyze their numbers first and take out the tooling costs since the tools are reusable.
Lets answer the cries of a hungry child.
Lets applaud their efforts and strength and hope they have endurance and courage to continue.
Lets apply a new texture to the base.
Lets apply definition eqn.
LETS are community owned and help stimulate the local economy.
Lets are leases.
Lets are serve.
Lets assign letters to each trait and perform some genetic crosses using a single gene.
Lets assume a thirty year life.
Lets assume exactly the same list of free and chargeable services as above.
Lets assume for a second that it is real.
Lets assume for the moment that all mutations occur with equal frequency.
Lets assume it is in the eastern part.
Lets assume it is in the northern part.
Lets assume it's an attraction.
Lets assume one needed to draw lots of squares with no border but filled with a particular colour.
Lets assume that a user is interested in the phylogeny of flavodoxin protein sequences.
Lets assume that all motion is along the x-axis.
Lets assume that it was completely and totally uncalled for.
Lets assume that people are always doing the best they can.
Lets assume that the leg muscles are the strongest muscles in our robot.
Lets assume that the one of a kind is already an a.
Lets assume that they can run eigrp.
Lets assume the latter.
Lets assume the Sixteenth Amendment was intentionally worded to deceive or mislead.
Lets assume the two of a kind is of the number a.
Lets assume then that it is a version problem.
Lets assume they are meters.
Lets attempt to eliminate items that incite racism, such as, prefixes to our nationality.
Lets bake a cake and decorate it like a professional.
Lets ban all cambered sails.
Lets ban cars too.
Lets ban everything.
Lets be a little more demanding.
Lets be aggressive and keep it that way.
Lets be ambitious.
Lets be blunt.
Lets be bold.
Lets be careful about punishing the good intentions of our predecessors.
Lets be careful out there with our enthusiasm.
Lets be careful out there, ya hear.
Lets be careful out there.
Lets be civil.
Lets be clear about music.
Lets be clear, a designated federal role in community development and housing is at risk.
Lets be clear, fear is a legitimate response to great danger.
Lets be clear, the core of American enterprise is to derive a benefit for all.
Lets be clear, the Internet definitely poses a risk of piracy.
Lets be clear.
Lets be conservative though and simplify things.
Lets be consistent.
Lets be creative and come up with some original ideas and content.
Lets be fair.
Lets be frank no one can make history very Interesting.
Lets be friends and hopfully grow into something more.
Lets be friends and just walk away.
Lets be friends.
Lets be here for one another and share our stories and life.
Lets be honest ,there are Ukrainian war criminals alive in Britain.
Lets be honest a lot of good stimulating discussions, networking and building are overlooked.
Lets be honest and call it socialism.
Lets be honest here.
Lets be honest there are wrong reasons for starting a process towards vision and right reasons.
Lets be honest, kiss x sis is a very generic anime.
Lets be honest, selling art on the internet is a tough proposition for most artists.
Lets be honest.
Lets be Interactive.
Lets be mature everyone please.
Lets be mindful of taping.
Lets be more open minded than that.
Lets be more specific graphically.
Lets be on our way.
Lets be practical.
Lets be precise here.
Lets be presumptuous .
Lets be proactive and find some solutions.
Lets be rational and stop acting like children.
Lets be real for a moment.
Lets be real.
Lets be realistic about it.
Lets be realistic.
Lets be safe out there.
Lets be sensible, give it some thought.
Lets be short.
Lets be smart folks.
Lets be thankful that Oregon's ecosystem is still a bit more intact.
Lets be the laborers of peace.
Lets be there for one another .
Lets be there for or athletes.
Lets be very wary of double standards, which make bad law.
Lets be winners in every aspect of the game.
Lets become one.
Lets become proactive instead.
Lets begin . . .
Lets begin .
Lets begin at the starting point - the tray.
Lets begin by adding a background color.
Lets begin by considering the rubber particles - particles interact only when they collide.
Lets begin by correcting a common mistake.
Lets begin by defining some terms veterinarians frequently use to describe canine skin diseases.
Lets begin by discussing our garage door opener.
Lets begin by folding all the fingers of out hand in to a fist.
Lets begin by looking at some of the external forces that are impacting the workplace.
Lets begin by looking at the inherant qualities of a videogame.
Lets begin by reviewing what mental health professionals mean when they talk about depression.
Lets begin by setting the stage.
Lets begin by texturing.
Lets begin by using the three steps described in the overview section.
Lets begin eliminating some myths that have prevailed over the past fifty years.
Lets begin from a pure art related question.
Lets begin from the beginning.
Lets begin here.
Lets begin our analysis by looking at our instruments of social policy.
Lets begin our analysis with the plaintiff's job.
Lets begin our journey . . .
Lets begin our study of bacteria by considering the balance of nature.
Lets begin our walking tour.
Lets begin the development process - request our online development forms .
Lets begin the process.
Lets begin to let our light shine.
Lets begin with a joke.
Lets begin with a mathematical analysis of the problem.
Lets begin with an arbitrary definition of 'binoculars suited for astronomical viewing'.
Lets begin with an exercise in our minds.
Lets begin with colour.
Lets begin with hypertext.
Lets begin with last one.
Lets begin with one of the most familiar objects, a cube.
Lets begin with steel selection.
Lets begin with the adds and related functions.
Lets begin with the encoding of the coefficients in decreasing order.
Lets begin with the flight model.
Lets begin with the following verse.
Lets begin with the legend itself.
Lets begin with the problem of using integers as keys.
Lets begin with the pros.
Lets begin with the quotes.
Lets begin with the shutter speed.
Lets begin with the simple one.
Lets begin with the technical definitions for computing power.
Lets begin with the ugly way.
Lets begin with the word canak.
Lets begin, as usual, with mobile checkins.
Lets blame it on the scanner.
Lets blend the two.
Lets blow 'em off and get out of here.
Lets blow up the sun.
Lets blur that edge.
Lets break down the program and then look at it.
Lets break down the symbols.
Lets break down the three lines of codes it contains to explain in detail what the heck is going on.
Lets break down what u said.
Lets break it down a bit in pursuit of answering the question.
Lets break that down.
Lets break the pie up and talk about each slice.
Lets break their fingers off.
Lets breed that one up.
Lets bridge the gap and make it today, in devotion to our ways.
Lets briefly discuss each.
Lets bring alittle of that back into our lives.
Lets bring excitement back to the process, lets do something positive.
Lets bring in some big guns from another conference.
Lets bring it all together.
Lets bring the costs down and increase competition to allow more TLDs and easier names to remember.
Lets bring truth to justice.
Lets brush away the falling tear.
Lets build a fire on the beach.
Lets build a strong dance community across many dance groups.
Lets build a table to look at the relationship between climate and soils.
Lets build for that.
Lets build instead.
Lets build on our acheivement with an effort towards a truly diverse movement.
Lets build our nation at our own.
Lets build our own.
Lets build some requirements for our daemon.
Lets build winning programs.
Lets calculate the cost in block accesses of each starategy.
Lets calculate the gallons difference.
Lets calibrate it on a compound microscope.
Lets call a spade a spade.
Lets call it a day guys.
Lets call it a friendly challenge.
Lets call it a marriage between a cutter and a ketch without the mainsail.
Lets call it a tie.
Lets call it a timely process that is a labor of love.
Lets call it an even fifty.
Lets call it an oversight.
Lets call it counter.
Lets call it ReplStrInADir.
Lets call it rolling over a good investment.
Lets call it scientific curiosity, and watch.
Lets call it that.
Lets call one variant the wild type and the other the mutant .
Lets call that a sentence.
Lets call the center of a pentagon E, where B is one of the corners of the pentagon.
Lets call the ratio of the clock speeds R, which is a real number.
Lets call the sides a, b and c.
Lets call the suffix age .
Lets captivate the attention of the media and the public.
Lets carry out an investigation.
Lets carry the enthusiasm forward into an action plan.
Lets catch up.
Lets celebrate our diversity and remain united.
Lets celebrate our planet s success by blowing up a small part of it.
Lets celebrate our relationship and watch it grow beyond the lengths that it already has.
Lets chalk up one for the good guys.
Lets change all that.
Lets change all the remaining rows to a different height.
Lets change how simple does things.
Lets change the colors into hexadecimal notation.
Lets change the facts a little .
Lets change the interest rate and then the number of months.
Lets change the senerio a little.
Lets change the subject for awhile and talk about mineralization.
Lets change the subject.
Lets change the world yo.
Lets change the world.
Lets chat and come up with ideas.
Lets chat and share ideas.
Lets chat people.
Lets chat some more.
Lets check e-mail by typing pine , then hitting the enter key .
Lets check it out to make sure.
Lets check it out to see how it stacks up to the real deal.
Lets check now the Properties .
Lets check out a class schedule.
Lets check out and see what the answer book has to say about it.
Lets check out rhuematoid arthritus and lupus.
Lets check out the hottest hockey news.
Lets check out the look and feel of Actinium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Bohrium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Darmstadtium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Erbium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Flerovium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Hassium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Meitnerium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Neodymium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Palladium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Polonium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Rhodium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Roentgenium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Samarium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Technetium metal.
Lets check out the look and feel of Thulium metal.
Lets Check out the performance.
Lets check out the room.
Lets check the price and volume.
Lets chill a bit.
Lets choose a fair point valued move.
Lets choose a good place to eat.
Lets choose actcol to black and background color to white.
Lets choose the open box marker for our example.
Lets choose the origin.
Lets clarify that.
Lets clear out a little of the excess.
Lets clear the slate, and start again.
Lets clear up a common confusion.
Lets climb a tree instead.
Lets clog their mailing lists with crap.
Lets close the deal in six months.
Lets collaborate in bringing all links to one place.
Lets collect joyful testimonies for a bright future.
Lets collectively keep our fingers crossed.
Lets color the Web.
Lets combine authority, resources and responsibility in a person in every country.
Lets combine our prayers in hopes Of healing, lets shed some love where It is greatly needed.
Lets combine the above timing tables.
Lets come back and go the medical page and from here the medical guidelines page .
Lets come back to it later.
Lets come back to that.
Lets come to a middle ground.
Lets communicate and get to know each others different lifestyles, thoughts and ideas.
Lets compare a computer to a tool, like a circular power saw.
Lets compare cytochrome c sequences for various organisms.
Lets compare five sets of push-ups to exhaustion vs. the descending sets.
Lets compare notes and stories, solutions and suggestions.
Lets compare notes.
Lets compare the Bosnian peace agreement to the Israeli-Palestinian settlement.
Lets compute an example now.
Lets concentrate on our mechanics, lets practice our mechanics and lets use the proper mechanics.
Lets concentrate on the mission.
Lets confirm our work above geometrically.
Lets connect and represent for the Island.
Lets consider a car with an old fuel injection which can be replaced with a new one.
Lets consider a clock on the edge of a a merry go round and another on the ground near by.
Lets consider a person trying to obtain a breed that is best suited for hunting of water fowl.
Lets consider a simple example.
Lets consider a simple model.
Lets consider a simple vacuum tube circuit as below.
Lets consider a single cpu system with multiple processes competing for access to cpu.
Lets consider a specific example, lactic acid.
Lets consider a sphere.
Lets consider an easy one first.
Lets consider an example of how one element aids in the production of another element.
Lets consider an example with two graphs.
Lets consider an example.
Lets consider an infinite hyperbolic universe tiled with copies of our fundamental domain.
Lets consider another angle of attack.
Lets consider another example.
Lets consider another set of circumstances.
Lets consider another situation.
Lets consider another statistic.
Lets consider console commands first of all.
Lets consider each option more carefully.
Lets consider fear is an imaginary shield of our positive thoughts.
Lets consider five search engines to determine the advantages of each.
Lets consider for just a moment what the effect of the ripple voltage is.
Lets consider how our physical game effects the directional forces applied to a ball.
Lets consider how the concept of screen protocols is used in screen design.
Lets consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works.
Lets consider some other examples.
Lets consider that the group makes their own recording.
Lets consider the Earth first.
Lets consider the following.
Lets consider the free energy as a first example.
Lets consider the ideal.
Lets consider the psychological model first.
Lets consider what proofs exist for the alleged correlation between activism and value.
Lets consider what the private sector are spending.
Lets consider what they have in common.
Lets consolidate power and take control for the rights of the rich.
Lets construct an indifference curve.
Lets construct some examples.
Lets consult the Bible.
Lets continue down the path and visit the monkeys next.
Lets continue next weekend.
Lets continue on to installation.
Lets continue the great work.
Lets continue to build it.
Lets continue to do our thing.
Lets continue to examine the causes of reduced contrast.
Lets continue to make the Earth home for both the present and future humans.
Lets continue to obey the laws and practice bicycle safety.
Lets continue to overcome obstacles together through honesty and commitment to recovery.
Lets continue with our hypothetical situation.
Lets continue with the questions.
Lets continue, or begin to be there for our children.
Lets convert some of the other previous examples to engineering notation.
Lets convert the formatting of our virtual points into dollars.
Lets correct the border size if necessary.
Lets cover installing software briefly.
Lets cover that quickly.
Lets cover the steps of swarm capturing in some logical order.
Lets cover virus checking briefly.
Lets create a dialog that allows user entry of the number of data sets to be fitted.
Lets create a new data structure suitable for storing the date.
Lets create a new object to hold multiple student grades.
Lets create it as a peace loving organization.
Lets create the alternatives as part of our community renewal.
Lets create the highlights.
Lets create two objects of type Deck.
Lets cross that river men.
Lets crunch some numbers now.
Lets cry happily together for for having taken the next step in ultra cyber-ness.
Lets cultivate the power already inherent for rejevenation.
Lets customize our page a little now.
Lets dance free teen sex.
Lets dance through the myriad forms of dance in India.
Lets darn the tattered social fabric.
Lets deal with cost of sales first .
Lets deal with the envelope in parts so that each section becomes clear.
Lets deal with the filly first.
Lets deal with the public institutions first.
Lets debate with serious information.
Lets decide to use milimeters as our unit of length.
Lets define a variation of the standard distribution plotting procedure.
Lets define force.
Lets define some terms.
Lets define the terms of the disease one at a time.
Lets define the word relationship.
Lets define the work and execute it yesterday.
Lets define the worst possible function for distribution from the multitude .
Lets define three terms first.
Lets definitly try to spread the word about a fleet on the estuary.
Lets demonstrate with a database of information about some people.
Lets design a sample page .
Lets Destroy the irs.
Lets develop a clubhouse that is supervised and safe for client sot socialize and have fun.
Lets develop a model for the bacterial growth.
Lets develop synthetic blood that is forever free from contaminents.
Lets dig a little deeper.
Lets dig deeper.
Lets disagree without being disagreeable.
Lets discover together how to use it.
Lets discover which ones.
Lets discuss canopies.
Lets discuss enzymes first.
Lets discuss how simple the home buying process can be.
Lets discuss in the gt forum on the details.
Lets discuss interactivity first as it leads to some of the other goals.
Lets discuss it some more.
Lets discuss it.
Lets discuss medications, first.
Lets discuss monday.
Lets discuss multiple panel, residential systems.
Lets discuss our favorite characters, episodes and images in the gallery.
Lets discuss principles and application of long-term alternatives.
Lets discuss secondary potential problems.
Lets discuss some basic simple commands.
Lets discuss some other possibilities.
Lets discuss strategies in a round table discussion, and after that, simply work it out.
Lets discuss Thanks.
Lets discuss that off-net.
Lets discuss the facts of the Internet.
Lets discuss the first, driving norms and attitudes.
Lets discuss the possibility of an extra large bus stop and only one sign regulating it.
Lets discuss the real black marks of historical presidential pardons.
Lets discuss the real estate market first.
Lets discuss the rest of the features first.
Lets discuss the server.
Lets discuss the simulation first.
Lets discuss the terms.
Lets discuss what and how much for Internet presence.
Lets discuss what s going on inside the workplace.
Lets dissect the title.
Lets dive into the world of the mini-hulk.
Lets do a basic form of pattern compression.
Lets do a better job mext time.
Lets do a few more.
Lets do a little analysis.
Lets do a little review now.
Lets do a quick check for open reading frames.
Lets do a quick example using ten cards.
Lets do a reality check .
Lets do a reality check, and that means market share.
Lets do a search.
Lets do a song with a refrain.
Lets do a step by step search for possible sites using services on the Internet.
Lets do a test.
Lets do a very cost effective thing here and create and install our own bushings.
Lets do an example that calculates the area of a trapezoid.
Lets do an example.
Lets do an illustration with multiple boxes.
Lets do an online caravan of peace on the internet highseas.
Lets do away with political parties.
Lets do business.
Lets do everyone a favor and take it off the list.
Lets do it again together next year.
Lets do it again, next year.
Lets do it again.
Lets do it anyway.
Lets do it by phone.
Lets do it carefully, come on.
Lets do it correctly, quickly and get it done.
Lets do it even better next year.
Lets do it guys.
Lets do it simply.
Lets do it that way.
Lets do it together and condemn the unbelievable cruel actions taken place.
Lets do it together.
Lets do it, lets really do it.
Lets do it.
Lets Do It.
Lets do just that.
Lets do like most sites do.
Lets do lots of business to gether.
Lets do lunch some time.
Lets do lunch.
Lets do nothing and watch mountain bikers' access diminish.
Lets do one more.
Lets do our best to meet or exceed it.
Lets do our part for our armed forces.
Lets do our part for our country.
Lets do our part.
Lets do our very best to keep our athletes in the water for a long time to come.
Lets do some arithmetic, and then finish with a few comments about changing water.
Lets do some business.
Lets do some comparing and and move away from heresay.
Lets do some math here.
Lets do some math.
Lets do some more stuff with masks.
Lets do some planning for life in the new century.
Lets do some thinking and come to a solution.
Lets do some trading people.
Lets do some trading.
Lets do something a little different and look at the image again.
Lets do something about it before it's to late.
Lets do something about it.
Lets do something before somebody else gets hurt.
Lets do something destructive.
Lets do something different guys.
Lets do something different.
Lets do something interesting.
Lets do something more reasonable.
Lets do something to eradicate corruption now in Nigeria and expose corrupt activities in Nigeria.
Lets do that again.
Lets do that now.
Lets do that priority talk again.
Lets do that right now.
Lets do that.
Lets do the calculation using the left eye.
Lets do the chicken problem one more time.
Lets do the easy stuff first.
Lets do the math.
Lets do the oil temperature wire first.
Lets do the sums.
Lets do what Richmond, Virginia did a few years ago.
Lets do whats best for the patients and within one's expertise.
Lets download the picture above.
Lets drag out another chain of bones.
Lets draw a merciful veil over that.
Lets draw a picture to find out.
Lets drive safely and legally out there.
Lets earn it directly.
Lets earn the new paint scheme.
Lets eat money.
Lets edit a booking .
Lets encourage individual groups to unite regarding promotions only.
Lets encourage people to get involved.
Lets encourage people to go out and test.
Lets end economic sanctions against Iraq and let the children of Iraq live.
Lets end economic sanctions against Iraq now.
Lets end special rights for straights, instead of trying to hop aboard the gravy train.
Lets end the suffering of actors.
Lets end the suspense right now.
Lets end with that, at least for now.
Lets enjoy a little humor.
Lets enjoy life and have some fun.
Lets enjoy life and support each other.
Lets enjoy life together.
Lets enjoy meeting, greetings and being with ones who care.
Lets enjoy the moment.
Lets enjoy the other side of the world.
Lets enter it and pray.
Lets enter the following statement.
Lets evaluate how to determine if a property is capable of being financed.
Lets evaluate the spatial distribution of rainfall in the Boulder Creek basin.
Lets examine a few possible factors.
Lets examine a simple analogy.
Lets examine an example.
Lets examine each file.
Lets examine each of the machines in turn and see what they do.
Lets examine each of the policy actions and their possible results.
Lets examine Homecoming.
Lets examine how to keep that from happening.
Lets examine how.
Lets examine it for a second and see what happened.
Lets examine more of the obvious errors.
Lets examine some air pressure data from the Gulf of Mexico.
Lets examine some bible references, and see if a committement is required.
Lets examine some common language often used by athletes.
Lets examine some history and the way things are currently being done to find the answer.
Lets examine some of the benfits below.
Lets examine some of the components which can be put in panels and frames.
Lets examine some of the statements more closely.
Lets examine some of the variations associated with Needle Canyon over the past century.
Lets examine some significant changes.
Lets examine that below.
Lets examine that for a moment.
Lets examine that last point.
Lets examine that phenomenon just briefly.
Lets examine the anathema in terms of power relations.
Lets examine the cause of malfunctions in the first place.
Lets examine the code.
Lets examine the content of the photograph.
Lets examine the effect of pH on the calcium carbonate systems.
Lets examine the facts further.
Lets examine the for loop closely.
Lets examine the harmonic series, which is the sum of the reciprocals of the natural numbers.
Lets examine the issue up closer.
Lets examine the men's' problem first.
Lets examine the phrase, 'fruit of the vine'.
Lets examine the window below.
Lets examine what some of the problems are for wildlife, especially in the southeast.
Lets examine what they both mean.
Lets examine why it is tea or cha as it is called in China is used.
Lets examine why test works from a geometric point of view.
Lets excite our students to be more proficient writers.
Lets expand the functionality of our function even more.
Lets experience the old-and the new.
Lets explain by example.
Lets explain each.
Lets explain the code.
Lets explain the first way.
Lets explore all the different parts of the shuttle using the diagram below.
Lets explore further.
Lets explore it more.
Lets explore some properties of complex numbers.
Lets explore the dynamics of scary hair and see if there is any way to avoid it.
Lets explore the issues a little.
Lets explore the issues and plan our next steps.
Lets explore the pros and cons of each.
Lets explore what it is to program.
Lets express it in meaningful terms.
Lets extinguish it before it becomes a problem again.
Lets face facts, drawing a human form from scratch is tough and time consuming.
Lets face facts.
Lets face it - eliminating money is just an idea.
Lets face it - most personal home pages are full of crap.
Lets face it , striking hard surfaces is painful.
Lets face it .
Lets face it black and white film is a hassle for the average one hour photo lab.
Lets face it everyone loves boobs.
Lets face it moving is a bear.
Lets face it residual income etc.
Lets face it running a business in today's society is no easy task.
Lets face it that it's just like chistopher columbus and the new world.
Lets face it they all seem to go hand in hand.
Lets face it they make everything simply and clear.
Lets face it, a lot of websites are very user-unfriendly.
Lets face it, a picture is worth a thousand words.
Lets face it, all that money going into such splendour is gorgeous to see.
Lets face it, anyone can wear a black dress.
Lets face it, anyone with a bootdisk can have control of an unlocked computer.
Lets face it, bicyclists are a minority.
Lets face it, Britt's a bust.
Lets face it, canned peas taste pretty bad.
Lets face it, credit card companies endure a high loss rate.
Lets face it, empty beverage cans are a pain.
Lets face it, folks.
Lets face it, follow up is the key to most successful sales.
Lets face it, for most people the real world is rotten and is going to stay that way.
Lets face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
Lets face it, geography is the most important thing to job seekers.
Lets face it, getting into, and staying in shape is a major investment of time, energy and money.
Lets face it, given enough time and money anyone can map.
Lets face it, honest citizens pay more taxes than dishonest ones.
Lets face it, in many cases, a filter is a filter.
Lets face it, in the rumor business facts are a lot of trouble.
Lets face it, internet advertising is here to stay.
Lets face it, it is a part of our everyday lives.
Lets face it, it is a way of once a year reminding everyone of who calls the shots.
Lets face it, it is true what they say, it is all about connections.
Lets face it, it is usually more fun to be on the beach.
Lets face it, life is hard.
Lets face it, life is more stressful and moves at a faster pace than ever, even for our kids.
Lets face it, many couples find it extremely difficult to divorce amicably.
Lets face it, many open floor shines are pretty complex.
Lets face it, most athletes know when they have made a mistake.
Lets face it, new bluebirders are usually more observant than experienced bluebirders.
Lets face it, no one who calls tech support is ever in a good mood.
Lets face it, nothing is really secure online.
Lets face it, our prisons are full of unwanted children.
Lets face it, people are different, even if the share the same bed.
Lets face it, plenty of teams go through it every year.
Lets face it, rock runs much deeper than most pop music.
Lets face it, set construction is all about screws.
Lets face it, Texas knows what is better for Texas than the federal government.
Lets face it, the analogies are abundant.
Lets face it, the days of going to the mom and pop shop for lessons have been dead for years now.
Lets face it, the drug trade is a multi-billion dollar business worldwide, and officers are exposed.
Lets face it, the Internet and technology are about speed and efficiency.
Lets face it, the manufacture builds the minimum requirement.
Lets face it, the only real way to get rid of unwanted woodys is to chop the darn thing off.
Lets face it, the only things making money on the internet is porn, stocks, gambling, and more porn.
Lets face it, the parties that the jury sees before it is a big factor.
Lets face it, the professionals in the industry have a natural knack for closing a deal.
Lets face it, the work world is a diverse place.
Lets face it, theophostics fits right into our north american quick fix mindset.
Lets face it, there are a lot of boring home pages on the Internet.
Lets face it, there is a lot more fish caught around the shop than there ever is on the river.
Lets face it, there is next to none in Japan.
Lets face it, there is no difference is there.
Lets face it, time is money.
Lets face it, time is short.
Lets face it, video games can become an expensive habit, with tabs easily running to the thousands.
Lets face it, vigilantism and revenge are the same.
Lets face it, website design is about putting money in pockets.
Lets face it, when it comes down to it the guide makes or breaks the trip.
Lets face it, without gadgets there is no Bond.
Lets face it, without the proper tools it is very difficult to get the job done.
Lets face it.
Lets face reality, but, the games live on.
Lets face the facts, the college teams are the feeder system for both football and basketball.
Lets face the facts.
Lets fall a supernumerary horror And only serves to make thy night more irksome.
Lets fall in lonely weepin.
Lets fight against drug related crime and provide an atmosphere of well being in our neighborhoods.
Lets fight back with letters to the editor explaining the truth about Seattle.
Lets Fight the Good fight in a GOOD and Positive way.
Lets fight the robbers.
Lets fill it up again.
Lets fill it with data.
Lets fill the background layer with some color or texture.
Lets fill the background with black for now.
Lets fillet the edges some.
Lets film a lesbian replicant orgy.
Lets finalize the t-shirt design and have some shirts made.
Lets finally have a long hot shower.
Lets find a a site.
Lets find a more exciting and plausible cyberspace example.
Lets find all the B notes.
Lets find all the D notes.
Lets find all the E notes.
Lets find all the G notes.
Lets find any issues now.
Lets find it first.
Lets find it together.
Lets find new cousins, aunts, uncles, etc.
Lets find note A and note B on the keyboard.
Lets find out by getting to know the pigeon.
Lets find out in our latest review.
Lets find out Lets find out bourbon.
Lets find out what impact they have.
Lets find out what 'trust' really means.
Lets find out what went down in Baltimore and Texas.
Lets find out who the Jewish people descended from.
Lets find out.
Lets Find Out.
Lets find the climate boxes that overlay Morocco.
Lets finish the job and ensure health care to all of our young citizens.
Lets finish unzipping.
Lets first add up the value.
Lets first assign some primary values.
Lets first be clear that the first two articles are complementary.
Lets first break it down to The plant seedless vascular plants.
Lets first check out the equipment and play area.
Lets first consider a tube that is open at both ends.
Lets first define the term.
Lets first define what a platform dependant language is.
Lets first define what is meant by validating forms.
Lets first discuss data acquisition.
Lets first discuss what a resume is and what it can accomplish.
Lets first go through the steps and explore what each entails.
Lets first look at an example and the generalize.
Lets first look at how the mass media presented the whole affair.
Lets first look at how they work.
Lets first look at the basic outline of each tape.
Lets first look at the conventional way of exercising.
Lets first look at the interface.
Lets first look at the outside of the drive bay door.
Lets first look at the robot arm example.
Lets first look at the sizes of the planets.
Lets first make an assumption.
Lets first see how an array in general is created.
Lets first see the format for the World Cup.
Lets first take a look at the matter of performance.
Lets first take a look at the underlying foundations of the business unit applications.
Lets first test the mirror to make sure it is good enough to put into a scope.
Lets fix the race conditions with a little crazy glue and duct tape.
Lets flash forward together, thirty days into the future.
Lets flip some of the hottest breaks and shake dat ass.
Lets flip the script a little.
Lets float together through the skys.
Lets focus on the real issues.
Lets follow that logic.
Lets follow that path.
Lets follow the food trail.
Lets follow the growth and changes in the embryo over time.
Lets follow the trail of old liquor bottles and spilled guacamole.
Lets forget about every ideology, religion, and philosophy.
Lets forget about the art gallery and just get a hot dog.
Lets forget about the grass.
Lets forget about the whole thing.
Lets forget about the wood grain variations.
Lets forget about yesterday.
Lets forget history and think of the future.
Lets forget it and return to less personal issues.
Lets forget the whole sheebang.
Lets forgive, get over it and move on.
Lets form a group which can publish video magazines regularly.
Lets form a human chain around Washington.
Lets form a square.
Lets form our proposal well and leave the rest to athletes and officials to accomplish.
Lets gather 'em up.
Lets gather 'round and bob for stupid apples now.
Lets get a coach signed quickly and get some players signed quickly as well.
Lets get a discussion going.
Lets get a few things straight.
Lets get a flyer on upcoming events to give attendees.
Lets get a hotel room.
Lets get a jump on the next section too.
Lets get a look at how the speakers work.
Lets get a real representative in there.
Lets get a test going in Canada.
Lets get agressive on the basepaths again also.
Lets get all cemetery's on line.
Lets get away from the specific meetings.
Lets get back on track.
Lets get back to basics.
Lets get back to creating articles.
Lets get back to history.
Lets get back to improvements in testing and figuring.
Lets get back to our dry-walling friend.
Lets get back to papaya fruit fest.
Lets get back to psychic readers, and take a step up the accuracy scale.
Lets get back to reality.
Lets get back to some isp-tech stuff.
Lets get back to speed.
Lets get back to that procedure.
Lets get back to the main question at hand though.
Lets get back to the stock market.
Lets get back to the stomping ground and recap all the good times.
Lets get back to the subject.
Lets get big picture people.
Lets get cards out.
Lets get chemical.
Lets get clear here first of all.
Lets get crackin'.
Lets get double buttered popcorn.
Lets get down for the most interesting facts about kangaroos for kids.
Lets get down to brass tacks here and let some tables do the talking.
Lets get down to buisness.
Lets get down to business here.
Lets get down to business.
Lets get down to facts.
Lets get down to it, work hard and take it to 'em at the state qualifier.
Lets get down to it.
Lets get down to specifics.
Lets get down to the meat and potatoes of the casino.
Lets get down to the requirements.
Lets get 'em.
Lets get even more in next time.
Lets get even with 'em.
Lets get every district in the state listed.
Lets get everybody out of here.
Lets get everyone aboard.
Lets get in touch with each other once again.
Lets get in touch.
Lets get into a tight circle.
Lets get into action to set something up.
Lets get it cleared.
Lets get it done, lets figure it out.
Lets get it done.
Lets get it going ans soon.
Lets get it going.
Lets get it in the air.
Lets Get It On Promotions.
Lets get it on.
Lets get it right - lets practice right relationships.
Lets get it right next time.
Lets get it together and create something better.
Lets get it together and develop a communications support network.
Lets get more and better data.
Lets get more of that masters work on the market.
Lets get more options for skiers from both states.
Lets get on to the action.
Lets get on to the issues.
Lets get on to the next page and start dancing.
Lets get on to the rest of the newsletter, there is much to cover.
Lets get on with it and get the job done.
Lets get on with it anyway.
Lets get on with it then.
Lets get on with it.
Lets get on with life.
Lets get on with our lives.
Lets get on with the impeachment proceedings.
Lets get on with the real practice of law, brothers and sisters.
Lets get on with the tests and find out.
Lets get on with the work in hand and lets drop the acid attacks.
Lets get on with what everyone here really wants to know about.
Lets get one thing straight, a PC and a console are two different things, inside and out.
Lets get one thing straight.
Lets get onto the best part of the article - the fruit.
Lets get onto the form.
Lets get onto the next.
Lets get other staff involved.
Lets get our feet wet on the ocean side and discover what lives in the surf of the beach.
Lets get our friends, and fellow umpires on-line, and help make everybody a better umpire.
Lets get our priorities straight.
Lets get our voices heard, lets let the truth be told.
Lets get out and ask someone.
Lets get out and look around.
Lets get out of here quickly, so that the mommy bird can come back.
Lets get out of here.
Lets get out of the box for a moment here and turn that phrase around.
Lets get out the old dictionary.
Lets get out there and have some fun.
Lets get over the hangups and goofy worries of the new year and the new century.
Lets get personal - The ability to see the latest news, weather, stocks, sports, etc.
Lets get personal.
Lets get practical.
Lets get ready for a great season.
Lets get ready for the ultimate workout video.
Lets get ready gents.
Lets get ready to rock.
Lets get ready to rumble.
Lets get real about financial aid and call it what it is - students loans.
Lets get real again.
Lets get real example.
Lets get real folks.
Lets get real here.
Lets get real people.
Lets get real.
Lets get rid of alcohol, it kills people by direct and indirect actions.
Lets get rid ofall illegal aliens, liberals, and some environmental whackoos.
Lets get right into it.
Lets get right to it.
Lets get right to the pirates.
Lets get right to the point.
Lets get right to the recipes.
Lets get serious and think of a better idea than an airport.
Lets get serious for a munite.
Lets get small.
Lets get some big-breasted naked dead chicks to boun ce on our trampoline.
Lets get some deadlines set here.
Lets get some educational spots on worldwide TV with some catchy slogans.
Lets get some great new game ideas for elementary school aged children coming in.
Lets get some hard facts in here.
Lets get some heated conversations going.
Lets get some interesting topics.
Lets get some more information on Jacob.
Lets get some native photo's everyone.
Lets get some numbers and then see what people want to do.
Lets get some of that boring biographical stuff out of the way first.
Lets get some of the testing screen shots out of the way.
Lets get some Pitching Depth.
Lets get some specific things done.
Lets get straight to business and take a look at the game play.
Lets get straight to it and find out.
Lets get that chain of love going.
Lets get that fixed.
Lets get that network going.
Lets get the ball rolling and start a real community.
Lets get the ball rolling with the character selection.
Lets get the ball rolling.
Lets get the bill and find out the damage .
Lets get the burocrat in to help the fetus, egg and sperm.
Lets get the email going and start planning.
Lets get the facts straight and leave the lies behind once and for all.
Lets get the facts.
Lets get the focus away from cancer.
Lets get the gear together and anticipate the race course.
Lets get the hell out of here.
Lets get the introductions out of the way.
Lets get the job done at home.
Lets get the membership in.
Lets get the moaners out of the way first.
Lets get the most out of it.
Lets get the mouse working.
Lets get the MPs involved.
Lets get the numbers out of the way first.
Lets get the obvious stuff out of the way first.
Lets get the prisoners the voting rights they are guaranteed.
Lets get the singing going.
Lets get the stats out of the way first.
Lets get the story out there.
Lets get the word out.
Lets get there by water.
Lets get things started right.
Lets get through to that definition in every day terms.
Lets get to it a little deeper.
Lets get to it.
Lets get to know each other a little better.
Lets get to know eachother.
Lets get to know everyone.
Lets get to know one another and see what happens.
Lets get to know one another and talk about sweeps.
Lets get to some things that make the music happen.
Lets get to that longevity point.
Lets get to the basics, forget about complex terms.
Lets get to the basics.
Lets get to the benchmarks.
Lets get to the example.
Lets get to the fanfiction already.
Lets get to the form.
Lets get to the fun part of selecting a development software program.
Lets get to the hard part now.
Lets get to the meat of the information.
Lets get to the real issue.
Lets get to the ring and see the action thats beginning now, with the bell.
Lets get to the roof.
Lets get to the useful links.
Lets get to the wrestling.
Lets get to work on our Skeleton.
Lets get to work.
Lets get togeather and talk about everything.
Lets get together and brew on.
Lets get together and fish sometime.
Lets get together and have some fun.
Lets get together and paddle.
Lets get together and party.
Lets get together and see what our souls think.
Lets get together and transduce some signals.
Lets get together for playdates, lunch, and support.
Lets get together for the sake of next year, and next years memories.
Lets get together more often'', it doesnt seem to happen.
Lets get together please - to learn from each other.
Lets get together to discuss the situation.
Lets get together, forgive each other and get on with fixing the problems.
Lets get together.
Lets get up off the couch and get into shape.
Lets give an example.
Lets give citizens a meaningful say over the most powerful institution in the community . . .
Lets give everyone a chance.
Lets give it a moment s time.
Lets give it a shot.
Lets give it a try.
Lets give it a whirl.
Lets give it away, give it away, give it away now.
Lets give it to'em subject of course to a future recount.
Lets give non-fiction a better name.
Lets give our children the knowledge and respect to do the same.
Lets give parents more choices.
Lets give taxation by representation a chance.
Lets give the companies and the public a level playing field.
Lets give the new guys some time to pan out.
Lets give the pitcher some compliments.
Lets give the user a chance to edit any of the entries.
Lets go .
Lets go a bit deeper.
Lets go after a big name.
Lets go ahead and deploy it to see if it works.
Lets go ahead and do the entire quiz now.
Lets go ahead and try the automapper again.
Lets go and check out some amusement parks.
Lets go back a bit, and consider what happens when fundamental particles interact.
Lets go back a couple of weeks.
Lets go back a little.
Lets go back and revisit the bones that make up our skeleton.
Lets go back and see how a business gets started essentially.
Lets go back down and look for the cellar stairs.
Lets go back for a minute to the corporate firm that has CVS as a client.
Lets go back in and change the width of the table and the border width.
Lets go back through time to some significant musical figures and see what they say.
Lets go back to ancient times.
Lets go back to conception.
Lets go back to get some shovels.
Lets go back to helping the wee babies now.
Lets go back to our favorite open market.
Lets go back to our initial reasons for wanting anonymity outlawed.
Lets go back to our little brown spectrum of Hawaiian music.
Lets go back to politics.
Lets go back to recent history and talk about a comeback that almost was.
Lets go back to the analogy of the upside down tree to represent the root system.
Lets go back to the beginning.
Lets go back to the cozy spot.
Lets go back to the distorting mirror and computer as a distorting mirror.
Lets go back to the Fire Initiation.
Lets go back to the fish long bone and try to understand the logic underlying the structure.
Lets go back to the fish long bone and try to understandthe logic underlying the structure.
Lets go back to the future.
Lets go back to the Netscape example.
Lets go back to the question of how to stop a moving object.
Lets go back to the rest home.
Lets go back to the start of the story.
Lets go back to the steelhead.
Lets go back to the thought experiment and find the mistakes.
Lets go back, and get the heavy artillery.
Lets go before any more show up.
Lets go big man.
Lets go blue lets go white eagles go lets fight.
Lets go bump some stairs.
Lets go catch some big trout.
Lets go clockwise from there.
Lets go crows.
Lets go cruiseing and have fun.
Lets go deep into the subject of sinkers and their various applications to fishing.
Lets go down into the deep.
Lets go down to the ring for our first match.
Lets go find it.
Lets go find some coffee.
Lets go find some monkey porn.
Lets go fishing now.
Lets go fishing, rafting, horseback riding,water-skiing,hunting and much more.
Lets go fishing.
Lets go fish'n.
Lets go flying.
Lets go for a dip in the lake.
Lets go for a little review over the last lesson.
Lets go for a ride.
Lets go for a simple plain color background.
Lets go for a walk in the woods.
Lets go for an adventure to find some mammals.
Lets go for it.
Lets go forward.
Lets go from there.
Lets go fuck.
Lets go further and put the following in perspective.
Lets go further back in time, to the Vietnam War.
Lets go further.
Lets Go Gardening - general gardening related site tailored for both Europe and Nth.
Lets go get a drink.
Lets go get some brats and fry 'em out tonight for supper.
Lets go get some food.
Lets go get the elephant graphic and make an image map.
Lets go go .
Lets go hand in hand into lovely land, side by side to a world that shines so bright.
Lets go have some fun.
Lets Go Here for awhile All right, damn it.
Lets go hide in the bedroom and finish our coffee.
Lets go home.
Lets go in a Chinese herb store and explore.
Lets go in the office.
Lets go in.
Lets go inside the dismantling area.
Lets go into a little more detail by starting with rod position.
Lets go into one of the local pubs.
Lets go into the rumble routine, as the crowd goes wild.
Lets go kill some bugs.
Lets go ladies.
Lets Go Let's discuss how to make a proper throw-in.
Lets go lets go.
Lets go look at spot number two.
Lets go more in detail in that issue.
Lets go now to our net business.
Lets go now.
Lets go of control over family members.
Lets go of the handlebars, claps twice In quick succession, bikes on.
Lets go on a pleasure cruise, hitting a few Web islands of delight among the sea of confusion.
Lets go on an expedition.
Lets go on and look at the graph to see if our observations prove out in the numbers.
Lets go on back around.
Lets go on.
Lets go one step farther with our example.
Lets go one step further.
Lets go out and celebrate.
Lets go out in the lobby and check the pictures.
Lets go out there and take back the night.
Lets go out to play.
Lets go out to the garage.
Lets go outside.
Lets go over all the items in detail.
Lets go over some of the features that both tools include.
Lets go over some scripture some time.
Lets go over stopping the train again, wreckless piss head style.
Lets go over that one moretime.
Lets go over the basics of heatsink installation and then get to how they performed.
Lets go over the facts.
Lets go over the list again.
Lets go over the many dimensions synoptically.
Lets go over there.
Lets go over to the garbage dump and break things.
Lets go play dress up next door.
Lets go play on the flying beam to get to rolling stones, a town in super vile.
Lets go play with our brainwaves.
Lets go right back here.
Lets go right to questions.
Lets go runnin to a better place.
Lets go sailing.
Lets go see a movie.
Lets go set on the porch a spell an' talk.
Lets go sharkfishing.
Lets go shopping Buying an appliance is often a time-consuming and confusing affair.
Lets go shopping for a home.
Lets go Shopping for Stockings .
Lets go shopping.
Lets go Skiing or snowboarding.
Lets go somewhere nice.
Lets go surf the web to find some photographs for our show.
Lets go surfing.
Lets go swimming.
Lets go take a look.
Lets go tell the girls.
Lets go though it.
Lets go through a few steps to provide a foundation for the future.
Lets go through each class one by one.
Lets go through it section by section.
Lets go through solving the next edge pieces together.
Lets go through the checklist.
Lets go through the measurements one by one.
Lets go through the process of setting up a system to learn about the software.
Lets go through the score from the saxophones perspective.
Lets go through the settings.
Lets go to a cozy cafe, and get some coffee.
Lets go to a park and have fun soon.
Lets go to bed.
Lets go to cereal first.
Lets go to craglook.
Lets go to one more place where it talks about the flood of the first earth age.
Lets go to see the movie.
Lets go to see.
Lets go to Settings first.
Lets go to the back part and get spot number one.
Lets go to the Band Page.
Lets go to the beggining of the story.
Lets go to The Book of Luke.
Lets go to the car, there are still big cars, but now they have electronic fueld injection.
Lets go to the content .
Lets go to the coral to see the horses.
Lets go to the graduation pictures.
Lets go to the inspectors briefing.
Lets go to the Minor Prophets, to the book of Hosea.
Lets go to the next step.
Lets go to the Old Testament for that.
Lets go to the software distribution model.
Lets go to the track.
Lets go to work.
Lets go to Zechariah.
Lets go trade.
Lets go underwater.
Lets go upstairs please.
Lets go upstairs, settle in and call each other in a few.
Lets go upstairs.
Lets go violate a neutral zone, baby.
Lets go watch the son of sam.
Lets go Web surfing again.
Lets go, time to eat a hardy breakfast and get our laundry done.
Lets grab one, and summarize it and give pointers.
Lets graph it to check.
Lets grease up the back of the sculpture and pour a plaster cast over it.
Lets grow Puzzle City together.
Lets grow up boys.
Lets hallucinate, baby.
Lets harness the power of the internet for the benefit of everything in the zoo world.
Lets haue a peale.
Lets have a chat.
Lets have a clean and enjoyable game of cricket in the new millennium.
Lets have a closer look.
Lets have a debate, instead of a sham.
Lets have a discussion on clear facts and real capabilities.
Lets have a feel of the surface.
Lets have a form where they can make specific suggestions.
Lets have a glimpse at the chronicles of the ecclesiastical history for a wider understanding.
Lets have a good attendance.
Lets have a good class together and make it enjoyable for all.
Lets have a good meeting in Cape Town.
Lets have a good ole-boy society within our clergy.
Lets have a good turnout and get the year off to a great start.
Lets have a good turnout for the regatta and make it one of the best regattas yet.
Lets have a good turnout.
Lets have a good year.
Lets have a good, productive semester together.
Lets have a good,and safe season.
Lets have a great season.
Lets have a little faith.
Lets have a little fun here with a worst case for Internet sales taxes.
Lets have a little fun.
Lets have a little huddle, lets have a little committee.
Lets have a look .
Lets have a look at a for instance arising from relativity.
Lets have a look at a simple example.
Lets have a look at an example that involves writing out the body tag dynamically.
Lets have a look at another example that involves writing out the body tag dynamically.
Lets have a look at our Northern Rhodesian hunting ferret site.
Lets have a look at some of the others that the document object possess.
Lets have a look at some of the others that the document object possesses.
Lets have a look at the actual board.
Lets have a look at the codes in red.
Lets have a look at the effectiveness of landscape fabric.
Lets have a look at the intake manifold.
Lets have a look at what's under construction, and what's coming on line in the near future.
Lets have a look on it.
Lets have a look to some nice and historical views.
Lets have a look.
Lets have a meeting.
Lets have a peacefull transition there.
Lets have a quick look at it tonight.
Lets have a really good attendance at the meeting to show support for all candidates.
Lets have a reunion.
Lets have a shoot out at noon, sharp.
Lets have a show of hands.
Lets have a showdown.
Lets have a throw-down.
Lets have a vision to make bluegrass what it can be and position it well for the future.
Lets have a weekly forum on great destinations in Europe or Asia.
Lets have all our sun set together again.
Lets have another great day of racing and a great time.
Lets have another look at the table, with twinprimes in mind.
Lets have another trip.
Lets have at it.
Lets have debate and discussion first.
Lets have each group member respond to the following excercise.
Lets have fun and produce something really useful.
Lets have fun but be logical.
Lets have fun now.
Lets have fun with it.
Lets have fun.
Lets have girls with girls.
Lets have half the credits in the major as free electives.
Lets have it again.
Lets have lunch.
Lets have mikee try it.
Lets have more courageous innovation from the powers that be.
Lets have more info on p-funk cartoons and videos.
Lets have more of a mixture and nurturing of diverse talent.
Lets have more on the Hunter Valley.
Lets have more relationship between characters and less bang, bang.
Lets have no more argument.
Lets have people who steal a loaf of bread for their hungry children have their hand cut off.
Lets have some awesome time together.
Lets have some common sense.
Lets have some feedback guys.
Lets have some fun . . . .
Lets have some fun and keep the ring active.
Lets have some fun.
Lets have some new reviews, exams are over already.
Lets have some questions .
Lets have some real discussion.
Lets have some real insurance reform.
Lets have some respect for each other as artists, as web designers, as humans.
Lets have some reviews.
Lets have the fox guard the hen house.
Lets head home.
Lets hear about it, better yet . . .
Lets hear from everyone.
Lets hear from old family friends.
Lets hear from ya all.
Lets hear it for the award winners .
Lets hear it.
Lets hear some chat from UK pipers and drummers.
Lets hear some feedback from others in the area.
Lets hear some other goals for the week.
Lets hear the words spoken so well by monosyllabic morons.
Lets hear three cheers for another war between Iran and Iraq.
Lets help and encourage others to cycle.
Lets help desks post commonly requested infor to Web via knowledge management application.
Lets help each other and make eveyone better riders.
Lets help each other out.
Lets help each other stay safe.
Lets help eachother.
Lets help make fishing last forever by taking part in the Lake George catch and release program.
Lets help our neighbors out on the Mt. Baker highway.
Lets help people understand and love our misunderstood alternative pets.
Lets help the new guy out.
Lets highlight a couple of standouts.
Lets hike mountain trails, travel and explore new places on a weekend drive.
Lets hold on to what is good and go forward.
Lets hold the first ever World Cup here, in Adelaide.
Lets honestly acknowledge our historic position.
Lets honor the intent of voters.
Lets hook the calf muscle to the heel two inches behind the ankle.
Lets hook up and go out for a beer or two.
Lets hook up.
Lets hope activity picks up in the future.
Lets hope all goes well.
Lets hope all our wrestlers do a great job.
Lets hope all web sites catch on and become more interesting and informative.
Lets hope an investigation can be launched before more people are murdered.
Lets hope and pray it changes a lot of minds.
Lets hope and pray that a cure can be found soon.
Lets hope and push for a change.
Lets hope even more companies take the initiative now.
Lets hope every crane has a safe trip.
Lets hope for a miracle.
Lets hope for agreement soon.
Lets hope for an improvement in attitude determination.
Lets hope for clear skies.
Lets hope for dry weather.
Lets hope for great winter of safe riding in Central Vermont.
Lets hope for more of the same next weekend.
Lets hope for more successes in the future.
Lets hope for some good games the first year and surprising teams outside the conference.
Lets hope for something a little more yin soon.
Lets hope for the best, but an epic game is well worth the wait.
Lets hope for the best.
Lets hope it all helps to make more people kinder to animals.
Lets hope it gets worked out.
Lets hope it goes well.
Lets hope it happens soon.
Lets hope it is soon over.
Lets hope it never does.
Lets hope it passes.
Lets hope it paves the way for the rest of the season.
Lets hope it sends a message to the world's hacking community.
Lets hope it stays that way.
Lets hope it takes off in a big way.
Lets hope it translates to awards.
Lets hope it works, the good it can do is limitless.
Lets hope it works.
Lets hope it's here to stay.
Lets hope it's the former.
Lets hope Juvenile is a victim of a vicious set up.
Lets hope more are uncovered.
Lets hope more vendors see the light.
Lets hope New York City restrains from rioting.
Lets hope next year there is less work to do again.
Lets hope no more names have to be added.
Lets hope no more rain for a while.
Lets hope other makers soon follow suit.
Lets hope our Cats come out clawing.
Lets hope our luck continues right into and through the space station era.
Lets hope so and get our name on the league trophy.
Lets hope so as the site in it's present half completed form lacks imagination in design and layout.
Lets hope so for the group.
Lets hope so or it's gonna be a quick contest.
Lets hope so, anyway.
Lets hope so.
Lets hope some changes happen soon.
Lets hope that all the students have as much fun as possible, because next week is midterm time.
Lets hope that changes.
Lets hope that computers and the phone company can continue to work towards better integration.
Lets hope that corporate misbehavior remains rare.
Lets hope that everything is satisfactory now.
Lets hope that it gets better was the general concensus.
Lets hope that justice prevails.
Lets hope that one day some greens in qld get elected.
Lets hope that other foreign registries follow suite.
Lets hope that piece of humbug is now well and truly buried.
Lets hope that the blues kick into high gear by next weekend.
Lets hope that the crop reports keep going our way.
Lets hope that the judges are less extremist.
Lets hope that the phsycopaths of the world get lost as well.
Lets hope that the transition goes smoothly.
Lets hope that the year continues to be as enjoyable and challenging for all.
Lets hope that they all come around to see the light, and never cross that line again.
Lets hope that they can keep it going in the fall.
Lets hope that they can live up to such auspicious, if slightly cheesy, names.
Lets hope that they do.
Lets hope that they get back into the swing of things for the next season.
Lets hope that's eventually as true in journalism as it has been on the stock market.
Lets hope the bowling improves.
Lets hope the former outweigh the latter.
Lets hope the game of badminton finds more corporate sponsors in India.
Lets hope the high standards are maintained.
Lets hope the interface has more orginal feeling.
Lets hope the lessons ARE learnt.
Lets hope the lingerie portion is left out.
Lets hope the market stabilises now.
Lets hope the new financial year brings some sunshine.
Lets hope the next site is a lot better.
Lets hope the reopening of the refuge becomes the norm again instead of the exception.
Lets hope the rest all make it.
Lets hope the rest of the country follows suit.
Lets hope the rest of the season continues the same way.
Lets hope the same holds true again.
Lets hope the true location can be found by one of the website members.
Lets hope the TV series follows suit.
Lets hope the two survivors have prospered.
Lets hope the water gets a little color.
Lets hope their luck sticks the next time they decide to live on the edge.
Lets hope there is a lot of the former, and less of the latter.
Lets hope there is no bud fall, when they get bigger and the weather gets cooler.
Lets hope there is.
Lets hope they are better researchers than they are spellers.
Lets hope they are right.
Lets hope they ask lots of questions.
Lets hope they both make it to the finals, with one winning first place and the other being second.
Lets hope they can get it together.
Lets hope they can keep it all up to date.
Lets hope they can keep up the standard for the remainder of the season.
Lets hope they can overcome their greed and move into the future with all of our interests in mind.
Lets hope they change the cross hair back in time for the public release.
Lets hope they follow on with some nice flowers in the spring.
Lets hope they get a bit better than the first couple of reviews posted.
Lets hope they get even better.
Lets hope they get fixed soon.
Lets hope they get on the ball today.
Lets hope they grab some points.
Lets hope they hurry and release another kick ass game.
Lets hope they keep their promise.
Lets hope they keep up the good work.
Lets hope they kept their timepiece set for local time.
Lets hope they know that.
Lets hope they make more.
Lets hope they match that dedication with future votes in favor of gun rights.
Lets hope they play it as such.
Lets hope they put that money to good use because they got next to nothing out of the players.
Lets hope they realize before it's too late.
Lets hope they realize the real issues at stake, before their own rights are violated.
Lets hope they remember as well.
Lets hope they reopen it soon, and the ramp receives lots of use.
Lets hope they slow the trucks down.
Lets hope they stay around.
Lets hope they turn out to be as successful as was thought.
Lets hope they're the only pests at the party.
Lets hope things improve.
Lets ignore double plays and errors for a moment.
Lets ignore magnitude for now.
Lets imagine following situation.
Lets imagine for a moment there was no death penalty for a moment.
Lets imagine that the universe is like one big, flat piece of foam padding.
Lets imagine the situation where the wind is blowing due east.
Lets increase our membership roll and participation.
Lets increase the backbone of veteran healthcare itself.
Lets instead concentrate on the starving millions.
Lets instead look at the creative potenital discussed in the articles without biases.
Lets instead move on to more sophisticated fare, like the rock music industry.
Lets insure light AFVs are organic to light, air-deployed troops .
Lets integrate eq.
Lets invert the selection.
Lets investigate further.
Lets join hands and hearts to share and make the world a little more beautiful.
Lets join together and give our youth a life outlook.
Lets join together and work to restore balance into our lives and the lives of our loved ones.
Lets join together as one body of people.
Lets join together to help fellow massey collectors.
Lets jump into it while excited.
Lets jump on in here.
Lets jump right in an put the customizable status line feature to work.
Lets jump right in and find out.
Lets jump right into the questions.
Lets jump right into the table here.
Lets just admit it.
Lets just agree to disagree.
Lets just be peaceful.
Lets just breed animals at shelters and be done with it all.
Lets just call it the Wilmot factor.
Lets just call romance a mind set.
Lets just canter round that one.
Lets just consider a few or the more recently publicized scandals.
Lets just do away with the entire government of Indonesia with a cleansing fire.
Lets just do it, to quote somebody or other.
Lets just do the right thing.
Lets just drag on.
Lets just face that reality now.
Lets just figure out who is to blame and get on with it.
Lets just find the Scute, and be on our way.
Lets just get away from the tree, sweets.
Lets just get busy and turn on some water out here.
Lets just get it over with.
Lets just get that out of the way.
Lets just go back to using candles, forget about progress.
Lets just go with the flow instead of blowing every new concept out of proportion.
Lets just hang out back and drink a beer.
Lets just have a laugh.
Lets just hope for the best.
Lets just hope it never comes to that.
Lets just hope it stays that way for the good of mankind.
Lets just hope it's good luck.
Lets just hope people cherish dolphins .
Lets just hope that no one goes crazy from being away from civilization too long.
Lets just hope that the hardware is added and upgraded to cope with the demand.
Lets just hope the MXR is sweet enough to take the bitterness away.
Lets just hope they can avoid that internet intoxication stuff though.
Lets just hope they can stay calm and keep their sites on the next bend.
Lets just imagine another senario.
Lets just keep it simple.
Lets just keep some of the instructions in memory.
Lets just keep the personal attacks to a minimum.
Lets just keep winning.
Lets just leave that page up another day.
Lets just look at houses today.
Lets just look at it for a moment.
Lets just look at the incenter and circumcenter and their circles.
Lets just make sure the mineral page here is updated and is correct.
Lets just make sure.
Lets just make the arse hole character the MAIN character.
Lets just move all the manipulation stuff out of the class.
Lets just pray for good weather.
Lets just qualify some things here.
Lets just recap.
Lets just run through it.
Lets just say a bit over the hill.
Lets just say a night stick was used in all the right places.
Lets just say biz was having a bad day.
Lets just say dat dis a souvineer from Muir Island.
Lets just say fat horny ugly perverted and zitty.
Lets just say it demands respect.
Lets just say it happened.
Lets just say it involves both a cold and hot beverage.
Lets just say it is mostly the same thing over and over.
Lets just say it is much different.
Lets just say it took a while to get adjust to it.
Lets just say it was for a site that has a lot of image files.
Lets just say it was quite an interesting experience.
Lets just say it's excellent.
Lets just say less frustrating.
Lets just say soon.
Lets just say that an evening of severe minkering does nothing for the looks.
Lets just say that court is held in a old store.
Lets just say that everything was a teenie bit off today.
Lets just say that it was an interesting and informative year.
Lets just say that reliability and longevity better remain a big part of the purchase equation.
Lets just say that.
Lets just say the entire city was erased from existence thanks to a large missile.
Lets just say the sauce partially burned, and never thickened enough.
Lets just say the verdict is in.
Lets just say there are some really good doctors out there and some really bad ones.
Lets just say they have involve sequined bunhuggers.
Lets just say they left their mark.
Lets just say they never quite fit the same again.
Lets just say work sucks some times.
Lets just say, for now, electrons are an invisible current of electricity.
Lets just say, half the bottle for the hell of it.
Lets just say, they are very excited for their team.
Lets just say, They put the ver in versatile .
Lets just say.
Lets just see how many folks come here to visit.
Lets just stay coooooool and wait.
Lets just stay here and watch it snow.
Lets just take for example someone coming from a search engine.
Lets just take four or five cases.
Lets just take it that the ear does tell the kite, somehow, which way is up.
Lets just take our time.
Lets just throw a little light on the subject of Persian Rugs.
Lets just try and avoid friendly fire.
Lets just use a floor tile installer as an example.
Lets just wait and see.
Lets just wait till the release date fokes.
Lets just walk the talk .
Lets keep a theme.
Lets keep all posts to the topic at hand.
Lets keep America the home of the FREE and the land of the brave.
Lets keep consumerism and function as separate notions.
Lets keep cool and stand proud of our efforts for New Zealand wildlife.
Lets keep departmental different from private study.
Lets keep discussion focused there.
Lets keep each other informed and compare some notes.
Lets keep efficiency as a priority goal.
Lets keep everyone working.
Lets keep going.
Lets keep in contact with each other.
Lets keep in mind that the latter function is an important aspect of the final name.
Lets keep in touch and swap info.
Lets keep in touch.
Lets keep issues among our work group within the professional standards committee.
Lets keep it as is.
Lets keep it at that.
Lets keep it clean and focused upon topics of a psychological nature.
Lets keep it clean, and lets all learn a lot.
Lets keep it cold.
Lets keep it friendly and neutral when it is about other personal issues.
Lets keep it friendly for all.
Lets keep it like that.
Lets keep it on all four.
Lets keep it simple from the start.
Lets keep it simple.
Lets keep it tasteful.
Lets keep it that way.
Lets keep it up.
Lets keep learning efforts strong by supporting safe school environments.
Lets keep looking.
Lets keep moving.
Lets keep on keeping on.
Lets keep on smoken.
Lets keep our community together.
Lets keep our eyes open and watch for further developments in the world of soy.
Lets keep our eyes open for further developments. .
Lets keep our fingers and toes crossed for an albie resurgence.
Lets keep our fingers crossed.
Lets keep our growth rolling.
Lets keep our most precious gift safe.
Lets keep our sports minded surfers informed.
Lets keep our tradition of hatred alive.
Lets keep reading.
Lets keep ringing that bell.
Lets keep talking.
Lets keep the content focused on the delay units and in English please.
Lets keep the discusion on technical pros and cons please.
Lets keep the discussion going and see what other people think of the subect.
Lets keep the enthusiasm going and get involved.
Lets keep the fire.
Lets keep the garbage where it belongs, in the trash can.
Lets keep the good times rolling.
Lets Keep the graves of our dead green.
Lets keep the list growing.
Lets keep the memory of our ancestors alive.
Lets keep the momentum going for the days to come.
Lets keep the names but provide mappings to other people's ideas.
Lets keep the net a friendly and productive place.
Lets keep the net free.
Lets keep the net viable with proper operation.
Lets keep the planes in the skies, and the crew and passengers safe.
Lets keep the politics out of genealogy.
Lets keep the project reviews civil.
Lets keep the resource reusable.
Lets keep the response brief too.
Lets keep the station locally owned and controlled by the citizens of Baltimore.
Lets keep trying and posting results.
Lets keep trying.
Lets keep up the good work.
Lets keep up the great work.
Lets keep up the pace while the inspiration is pumping.
Lets keep up the support whilst the lads bag the points.
Lets keep up the tradition.
Lets keep working on keeping our D intense and our offense crisp.
Lets kick it around.
Lets kick it off with some electric sounds.
Lets kick it off with the reigning champion.
Lets kick it yo.
Lets kill every parent whose kid drives drunk and kills their friends on prom night.
Lets kill the Zionist pigs.
Lets launch a pre-emptive strike.
Lets leap right to the point.
Lets learn a little more about the contents of the directories with the numerical naming scheme.
Lets learn a thing or two.
Lets learn from what has gone wrong here.
Lets learn how to find all the A notes on our keyboard.
Lets learn how.
Lets learn more about sea otters today in California.
Lets leave a safe and ethical legacy for the next generation.
Lets leave it at everything.
Lets leave it at that.
Lets leave it up to the birds.
Lets leave our touch one of joy.
Lets leave something to make it a little better.
Lets leave the beer for another time and another place.
Lets leave the heavy thinking to RPGs and strategy.
Lets leave the modem control panel then.
Lets leave the personalities out of it, and stick with the issues and substance of the discussion.
Lets leave the realm of belief systems and get back to science and engineering.
Lets let natural selection take over.
Lets let the kids get a closer look.
Lets level the playing field for all participants.
Lets lift our hearts, and sing a song for all the smiles in our world.
Lets list five that came true.
Lets listen to a constructed musical example.
Lets listen to the singing of the birds.
Lets listen to what they say and help make dreams come true through support and belief.
Lets live a little and have fun.
Lets live here.
Lets load it up and take a look.
Lets load the program and move through an example solution.
Lets lobby our attorney generals to bring a class action lawsuit against the abortion industry.
Lets log on now.
Lets lok at what the parts mean.
Lets look a bit more closely at the Scriptures previously quoted.
Lets look a little closer at the squat.
Lets look a little closer.
Lets look again at the cladogram of basic amniote relationships.
Lets look again.
Lets look around.
Lets look at a Bible verse.
Lets look at a couple of examples of residual income programs.
Lets look at a couple of examples.
Lets look at a couple possibilities . . .
Lets look at a cross section of a power plant.
Lets look at a different configuration.
Lets look at a few examples from the Scripture.
Lets look at a few examples.
Lets look at a few facts.
Lets look at a few hypothetical examples.
Lets look at a few imaginary examples below that graphically illustrate multi-box accounts.
Lets look at a few materials shipped by truck, the least effiecient method of transportation.
Lets look at a few of our animal friends and see how they grow and change during their life time.
Lets look at a few of the good, the bad, and the ugly of video game consoles.
Lets look at a few other methods to test the double check valve assembly.
Lets look at a few reasons.
Lets look at a few road blocks that stand in the way of our progress.
Lets look at a few samples.
Lets look at a few.
Lets look at a hypothetical task.
Lets look at a loss of face situation in the office and examine how the parties perceive the event.
Lets look at a map made for orienteering.
Lets look at a more typical situation as an example.
Lets look at a parallel case.
Lets look at a problem more close to home.
Lets look at a rental mobile home for example.
Lets look at a shaded plot of the earth's relief.
Lets look at a simple example of the if statement.
Lets look at a simple example.
Lets look at a simple illustration.
Lets look at a simple project case study.
Lets look at a six deck game for example.
Lets look at a small example.
Lets look at a specific example to clarify the position.
Lets look at a specific muscle group in regards to flexibility and massage.
Lets look at a tetrahedral carbon atom with three different groups bonded to it.
Lets look at a typical hiring process.
Lets look at a typical home or office.
Lets look at a worst case scenario.
Lets look at adore.
Lets look at Alaska, where railroads are limited compared to most of the rest of North America.
Lets look at an anchor construction more closely.
Lets look at an economy and break down the commodities into two commodity groups.
Lets look at an example now.
Lets look at an example of how layers are added.
Lets look at an example of sending data to a cell in Excel.
Lets look at an example using the same antenna, transmission line and transmitter as above.
Lets look at an example.
Lets look at an island neighbour.
Lets look at another case.
Lets look at another code fragment.
Lets look at another example.
Lets look at another expansion value.
Lets look at another feature.
Lets look at another peice of scripture.
Lets look at another problem from a mixed bridge, router environment.
Lets look at another project where documentation had worked.
Lets look at another reality construction.
Lets look at attack choices through a spy's eyes.
Lets look at automobile insurance for a moment.
Lets look at both.
Lets look at breast cancer.
Lets look at commodities as an example.
Lets look at cost verces gain again.
Lets look at creation as occurring in the ultimate here and now.
Lets look at crying and what it encompasses.
Lets look at database marketers per million population.
Lets look at each briefly.
Lets look at each element of the table.
Lets look at each feature from a customer perspective.
Lets look at each map in detail.
Lets look at each one a little closer.
Lets look at each one briefly again.
Lets look at each one individually.
Lets look at each one separately.
Lets look at each story in turn.
Lets look at economics.
Lets look at equilibrium another way.
Lets look at examples of each.
Lets look at five of the major damsel groups seen in the hobby.
Lets look at grants through our own organizations for the building of our venues.
Lets look at hours first.
Lets look at households with at least one dentist.
Lets look at how a 'trace' is done.
Lets look at how denial applies to the families in the documentary.
Lets look at how different fluids can affect sediment transport.
Lets look at how each of the races play.
Lets look at how it's put together.
Lets look at how the correlator works.
Lets look at how the frameset is created.
Lets look at how the mailbox is displayed.
Lets look at how they came to be.
Lets look at how to make the staffing process more customer friendly.
Lets look at it again.
Lets look at it another way.
Lets look at it for a moment.
Lets look at it from the child's point of view.
Lets look at it honestly.
Lets look at it more closely.
Lets look at it philosophically.
Lets look at it.
Lets look at just a few of the challenges accelerator operators face.
Lets look at just one.
Lets look at lard, chicken fat and safflower oil as examples.
Lets look at medicine.
Lets look at more letters.
Lets look at neutralization in a little more detail.
Lets look at number one.
Lets look at one example.
Lets look at one herb known to buffer the immune system and maintain good health.
Lets look at one more example thumbnail picture.
Lets look at our environment and see what is there that causes our kidneys to be overloaded.
Lets look at our limits.
Lets look at our next text.
Lets look at our problem again.
Lets look at our recent history.
Lets look at our vows.
Lets look at ownership.
Lets look at perceive.
Lets look at permanent magnets at the atomic scale.
Lets look at possible engine problems first.
Lets look at reading mail.
Lets look at reality here.
Lets look at remembrance first.
Lets look at removal and sequestration first.
Lets look at revenue generation first.
Lets look at software to make online advising easier.
Lets look at some actual figures.
Lets look at some analogies.
Lets look at some areas where confusion can arise.
Lets look at some basic and successful methods using technical analysis.
Lets look at some basic facts.
Lets look at some code.
Lets look at some common features in metazoans.
Lets look at some detail.
Lets look at some different forms buttons have taken through the years.
Lets look at some examples by building on our sample test.
Lets look at some examples of designs, then try scaling one for a specific result.
Lets look at some examples using the Reversal Day Indicator to identify market turns.
Lets look at some examples.
Lets look at some factors of hair health.
Lets look at some facts from China and Kosovo.
Lets look at some facts.
Lets look at some local businesses that allow for broadband connections to the Internet.
Lets look at some math.
Lets look at some more examples.
Lets look at some more scripture about being unsure.
Lets look at some more sets of numbers.
Lets look at some numbers.
Lets look at some of FAR 's features.
Lets look at some of our technology partners. .
Lets look at some of the advantages and disadvantages.
Lets look at some of the costs.
Lets look at some of the different types of equations and how their solutions appear.
Lets look at some of the factors to consider.
Lets look at some of the facts here, people.
Lets look at some of the facts.
Lets look at some of the histograms.
Lets look at some of the most obvious.
Lets look at some of the physiological evidence about the characteristics of the sodium pump.
Lets look at some of the pluses and minuses of both alternatives.
Lets look at some of the positives and negatives.
Lets look at some of the things that can stall a processor and slow work down.
Lets look at some possible physical arrangements for co-phasing.
Lets look at some sources for ping utilities.
Lets look at some strategies for early season perch.
Lets look at some suggestions.
Lets look at some unmistakeable similarities.
Lets look at some ways to prevent excessive oxygen from entering wine during the winemaking process.
Lets look at statement one first.
Lets look at styles first.
Lets look at tackle.
Lets look at that now.
Lets look at that part of the book again and see what it says.
Lets look at that response.
Lets look at that scripture real quick.
Lets look at that stone wall which the door is inset within.
Lets look at that ware on a shelf.
Lets look at that.
Lets look at the above passage.
Lets look at the actual callback method now.
Lets look at the actual language of the First Amendment as it pertains to speech.
Lets look at the answers from a Christian world view.
Lets look at the answers.
Lets look at the apple and the moon problem.
Lets look at the apple tree again.
Lets look at the application performance in more detail.
Lets look at the averages.
Lets look at the basic requirements for a successful long range shot at a Sambar deer.
Lets look at the basics for component preparation.
Lets look at the beginning and see if there is any declaration of the end.
Lets look at the benefits.
Lets look at the body profile close up.
Lets look at the bottom of every email sent to the list.
Lets look at the card.
Lets look at the case where our stone is dropped into a pool of water.
Lets look at the cash flow of the rich, middle class and poor.
Lets look at the CD-ROM based tutorial now.
Lets look at the characters.
Lets look at the clinical example first.
Lets look at the code that was used to call the alert box in our demonstration above.
Lets look at the color attribute.
Lets look at the color.
Lets look at the common sense side.
Lets look at the concept of disease from another perspective.
Lets look at the context.
Lets look at the creation of the world.
Lets look at the current coaches in the conference and their prognosis for success.
Lets look at the data.
Lets look at the definition.
Lets look at the definitions for destroy , hell , and death .
Lets look at the definitions.
Lets look at the details.
Lets look at the developing male and female reproductive systems.
Lets look at the development of craters and movement of craters on two planets.
Lets look at the difference between search engines and directories in more detail.
Lets look at the different parts of an egg.
Lets look at the earth.
Lets look at the economics.
Lets look at the electrical aspect of the problem first.
Lets look at the errors.
Lets look at the events surrounding Israel becoming a nation.
Lets look at the evidence.
Lets look at the example of a particle starting at rest on the origin of the y and t axes.
Lets look at the factors involved.
Lets look at the facts.
Lets look at the field itself, the thorns and nettles, and then the wall.
Lets look at the figures in more detail.
Lets look at the figures with regard to concentration of ownership.
Lets look at the figures.
Lets look at the first decade.
Lets look at the first group.
Lets look at the first line in the Punjabi Alphabet.
Lets look at the first point.
Lets look at the following chart.
Lets look at the following example attack.
Lets look at the following example.
Lets look at the following image.
Lets look at the following sample.
Lets Look at the following verses.
Lets look at the four and ten.
Lets look at the four families.
Lets look at the Gaussian smoothing process first.
Lets look at the graph.
Lets look at the hard statistics here.
Lets look at the hen.
Lets look at the historical perspective.
Lets look at the HTML to display a single bar in the above graph to see how it is done.
Lets look at the idea of dates.
Lets look at the interface first.
Lets look at the last assumption by Olbers.
Lets look at the last few years.
Lets look at the last two in detail.
Lets look at the last year or two.
Lets look at the manager points about building a good web site.
Lets look at the many other benefits.
Lets look at the methods used.
Lets look at the more popular accessories.
Lets look at the more positive name.
Lets look at the Morrison.
Lets look at the most popular theory available , that of multiple worlds.
Lets look at the notes again.
Lets look at the numbers with that in mind.
Lets look at the numbers.
Lets look at the object tools in more detail.
Lets look at the opponents and their qualifications and statistics.
Lets look at the opportunity in more detail.
Lets look at the option very carefully.
Lets look at the oral transcript, the raw stenograhic minutes.
Lets look at the output first.
Lets look at the parable of the sower for one example.
Lets look at the parameters for each of the images.
Lets look at the pascal first to get the general idea.
Lets look at the passages concerned.
Lets look at the path of a comet.
Lets look at the people of the bible, who had who.
Lets look at the performance issue first.
Lets look at the player profile window and run through the options.
Lets look at the pork industry.
Lets look at the possibilities.
Lets look at the possible solutions and the good and bad of each.
Lets look at the present.
Lets look at the problem a little differently.
Lets look at the problems created by fuel quality.
Lets look at the process again.
Lets look at the process concerning the microwave signal that is emmited at the given target.
Lets look at the properties prodeolytic enzymes are known for.
Lets look at the rationales as given above.
Lets look at the reasons it was a success.
Lets look at the requirements for entry.
Lets look at the results.
Lets look at the rib cross section again.
Lets look at the same data but in another form.
Lets look at the sampling distribution of and s in more detail.
Lets look at the situation.
Lets look at the specifics.
Lets look at the spirit of the precepts as a whole before returning to sexuality.
Lets look at the spokes of our wheel.
Lets look at the starting rosters.
Lets look at the status of the Middle East Peace Process.
Lets look at the steps.
Lets look at the story for a minute.
Lets look at the story parts corresponding to each stage.
Lets look at the structure of the students table.
Lets look at the syntax for declaring an array.
Lets look at the table step by step.
Lets look at the table.
Lets look at the text.
Lets look at the three cases again using limits.
Lets look at the time scale as it stands now.
Lets look at the Timing as it is shown.
Lets look at the timing of salat.
Lets look at the tobacco industry for a minute.
Lets look at the tools of paintless dent removal.
Lets look at the two parts of the implementation.
Lets look at the unique blood flow in a fetus as compared to an adult mammal.
Lets look at the verse first.
Lets look at the weaponry.
Lets look at the Whole page in and unexpected language.
Lets look at the whole thing in context.
Lets look at their responses.
Lets look at two examples of hackers applying for a job with one company and the potential results.
Lets look at two passages in Genesis.
Lets look at two scenarios.
Lets look at two sets of numbers.
Lets look at two vowels .
Lets look at velocity or speed.
Lets look at weaning conflict.
Lets look at what eating is like in the tribulation period.
Lets look at what is happening here as the page loads.
Lets look at what is perceived by the title of the novel.
Lets look at what it contains.
Lets look at what it cost.
Lets look at what lukewarmness means.
Lets look at what the Scripture says.
Lets look at what the typical casino visitor loses at various games.
Lets look at why such dates have always failed.
Lets look at why.
Lets look at, learn about an use some basic tools.
Lets look at, learn about and use some basic tools.
Lets look Ayurvedically at the effects of excess stress and excessive sympathetic stimulation.
Lets look back at the example.
Lets look back into the past.
Lets look behind the life lease and examine just how it is put together.
Lets look briefly at some basic facts about sheep.
Lets look closely at that last statement.
Lets look deeper at what is really happened here.
Lets look deeper.
Lets look first at the basic tetrahedral unit.
Lets look for a better layout.
Lets look for newspapers.
Lets look for quality with quantity rather than sacrificing one for the other.
Lets look for some details.
Lets look for the counties that have more men than women.
Lets look for ways to help others.
Lets look forward to election night.
Lets look forward to seeing that becomes true.
Lets look just a little in our past to see the future.
Lets look more closely at the hosta leaf.
Lets look more closely at what is happening here.
Lets look more deeply based on v. large-scale environments which have received much actual analysis.
Lets look now at the cost of having a Web site like the package mentioned above, for one year.
Lets look rationally at who is killing who.
Lets look realistically to the fact that the immune system needs the boost.
Lets look to that.
Lets look to the future.
Lets look to turn the disk over less on offense by minimizing risk and taking the easiest throw.
Lets look under the hoods.
Lets look upon the theses two verses really quick.
Lets love each other and try to forgive one another for our faults.
Lets make a big turn out .
Lets make a commitment to tomorrows future.
Lets Make a Deal'' to offer inducements to wavering lawmakers.
Lets make a deal today.
Lets make a deal.
Lets make a difference.
Lets make a Fax .
Lets make a few assumptions and look at an example.
Lets make a great collection of genealogical information available for everyone.
Lets make a list of the causes of truck crashes.
Lets make a list of their names.
Lets make a man with all the capacity to love and to cherish, to be creative, to reflect, to feel.
Lets make a menu and see how easy it is.
Lets make a noise and get Darts in the Olympics.
Lets make a object that has some complex curves to it.
Lets make a panorama.
Lets make a seamless tiling background.
Lets make a simple chart.
Lets make a simple table to demonstrate.
Lets make a socialist world.
Lets make a table and total up all the numbers.
Lets make an appointment.
Lets make an attempt to read a very popular story from the scriptures.
Lets make an example.
Lets make banner.html .
Lets make beautiful music together.
Lets make charity voluntary again.
Lets make children our personal and corporate crusade.
Lets make clear.
Lets make criminals fear society instead of society fearing criminals.
Lets make criminals pay for their bad deeds.
Lets make each others private fantasies come true.
Lets make education a top priority.
Lets make element type names to represent source and result tree markup tags.
Lets make every effort to insure success for every student.
Lets make Florida an example of our determination.
Lets make freebord a sport everyone has heard of and believes in.
Lets make friends with the spectral images of others.
Lets make Hollywood get smart.
Lets make it a bit more accurate.
Lets make it a day to remember for the kids and plan on participating.
Lets make it a festive occasion.
Lets make it a great one.
Lets make it a little easier to start with.
Lets make it a lively debating arena.
Lets make it a night to never forget.
Lets make it a place to be proud of.
Lets make it a safe weekend.
Lets make it bigger and better than ever.
Lets make it bigger than the first.
Lets make it count.
Lets make it damn clear.
Lets make it do something.
Lets make it fun.
Lets make it great.
Lets make it happen.
Lets make it Happen.
Lets make it into execution dolls for our little girls to titter over revenge.
Lets make it look like the record.
Lets make it look more like a pipe by brightening the center with the retouch brush.
Lets make it look worse.
Lets make it loud and give the good guys a better chance.
Lets make it real.
Lets make it red.
Lets make it short and simple, accurate, excelent rate of fire, and realiable.
Lets make it short.
Lets make it simple.
Lets make legislative equality in our parliaments our major cause for the new millennium.
Lets make Louisiana whole, maybe for the first time.
Lets make love like the first time, For the last time.
Lets Make Love.
Lets make Lubbock Area libraries stronger.
Lets make millions.
Lets make more available.
Lets make no bones about it.
Lets make one.
Lets make our application accept files that are dropped on the main window.
Lets make our dreams come true.
Lets make our first stop the Red Planet.
Lets make our own message using three-letter English words.
Lets make our page be a resource page along with a meeting place.
Lets make our quarterbacks weapons instead of holsters.
Lets make our successes wonderfully progressive and avoid aquarium beginners doldrums.
Lets make some assumptions.
Lets make some change.
Lets make some changes to give it a better look.
Lets make some good basic scrambled eggs.
Lets make some words using the above .
Lets make something good happen together.
Lets make sure that England is well represented.
Lets make sure that they are well taken care of in the field.
Lets make sure they have a fighting chance.
Lets make sure what they remember is positive.
Lets make that bolt.
Lets make that handle.
Lets make the best of life.
Lets make the button highlight now.
Lets make the health of our soil a high a priority in all our program plans.
Lets make the Internet a safe haven for all ages, and protect our children's innocence.
Lets make the link red so type red after the color attribute.
Lets make the most of it and learn together.
Lets make the social workers accountable for the abuse the system brings upon our children.
Lets make up a fake scenario for the sake of conversation.
Lets make up a story.
Lets make up reasons to make our own arguments.
Lets make updating each other a mutual benefit.
Lets make use of it.
Lets make war.
Lets means allows.
Lets measure one side only.
Lets meet and see what happens.
Lets meet at the corner.
Lets meet for coffee and play.
Lets meet in summer.
Lets meet somewhere under the moon alone.
Lets meet that challenge and make a future full of the sense of wonder.
Lets meet up and chalk out the modalities in terms of equipments and finances.
Lets mention just a few.
Lets mention too the behaviour of the fans which each team applauding the other and no trouble.
Lets modify the previous program slightly, and introduce an error to highlight a problem.
Lets modify the scene now.
Lets move along to the fun part.
Lets move along.
Lets move back one more decade.
Lets move back to the question of evolution.
Lets move closer to home.
Lets move from the general to the specific.
Lets move on and see what service the public does want.
Lets move on and talk about Heather now.
Lets move on back to the Band Page .
Lets move on down the chart and figure the flow for each percentage change.
Lets move on now.
Lets move on to another topic close to our hearts, mother boards.
Lets move on to cleaning up.
Lets move on to happier subjects.
Lets move on to installation.
Lets move on to looking some information up.
Lets move on to our impression of sound and tone.
Lets move on to radio buttons, which are very straightforward.
Lets move on to searching the database.
Lets move on to some more general topics.
Lets move on to some theological questions.
Lets move on to the background.
Lets move on to the first section.
Lets move on to the matter of packing and lighting.
Lets move on to the modification and user additions issues.
Lets move on to the options for each tag.
Lets move on to the rails.
Lets move on to the tourney results.
Lets move on with the quiz.
Lets move on.
Lets move onto some more interesting stuff.
Lets move onto some of the other features of the chipset.
Lets move some atoms around .
Lets move that discussion to blinux-develop.
Lets move the discussion to where it started, a generic discussion of what makes a person a Gadol.
Lets move the entire party over there.
Lets move to another program hideout, the start up menu itself.
Lets name a few more, heart medication, oxygen, blood thinner and there are more.
Lets name our programs accordingly to our community needs.
Lets name the output file mySchema.qiml.
Lets negotiate a price.
Lets never forget why the Funeral Rule was implemented in the first place.
Lets now address the symbolic side.
Lets now analyze what happen when delamination occur.
Lets now consider the simplest situation.
Lets now correct their physical positions.
Lets now discuss the demand loading of the module by the kernel, dynamically .
Lets now go on to look at another video clip which amplifies the message behind our exercise.
Lets now go one step further.
Lets now go through and convert each security policy bullet into technical implementation.
Lets now look at adding colors and textures.
Lets now look at genetic and non genetic factors.
Lets now look at the emergence of modernity, and the nature of the individual in the modern world.
Lets now look at the second example.
Lets now move on to the installation.
Lets now move to the blood factor theories.
Lets now spend some time to look at the global environment.
Lets now start with the red double deck fleet.
Lets now switch to an absolute quantity.
Lets now take a look at how film works.
Lets now talk about durability of shingles and shingle temperature.
Lets now try to see how whole regions of embryos, rather than individual organ systems are formed.
Lets now understand storm clouds.
Lets observe stars, etc.
Lets offer a solution.
Lets only hope.
Lets open a dialog.
Lets open it up and take a look.
Lets open our eyes.
Lets open up to each other for mutual love and support.
Lets optimize it.
Lets organize an excursion to Berkeley.
Lets outlaw meat.
Lets outline a simple example.
Lets pack the stuff and go.
Lets paint a scenario.
Lets pay just as much attention to our own city governments.
Lets peel the onion one more layer.
Lets pick out two numbers which capture the self similarity of the bifurcations.
Lets picture the scenario.
Lets plan a venture down here in Chile.
Lets plan an event together and share our new found lives.
Lets plant a strong base to be the foundation of our very first human presence there.
Lets play a game instead of collecting mold.
Lets play a game is a very good French fanzine from Strasbourg.
Lets play a game.
Lets play a little game.
Lets play clean hockey boys .
Lets play doctor.
Lets play it smarter.
Lets play some good, old fashioned, playable games.
Lets play the following game.
Lets play the index fossil game.
Lets play with some modes.
Lets play with some things here.
Lets post some stories.
Lets postulate some puzzle pieces.
Lets pour the water that spilled out into a cup.
Lets practice making our arguments come alive with good reasons.
Lets pray for a strong walk of faith in our individual.
Lets pray for more snow.
Lets pray for one another.
Lets pray for snow.
Lets pray for strength.
Lets pray for the ability to live the demands of trusting faith.
Lets pray for the terrorrist victims of all the world and their family and friends.
Lets pray it works.
Lets preserve and be Enticed.
Lets preserve our heritage.
Lets pretend for a minute that it wasnt .
Lets pretend for the moment that the Internet is just like a Telephone.
Lets pretend that Germany's reunification can be applied to the Korean peninsula.
Lets pretend that our underwear company is having a sale on factory seconds.
Lets pretend they are actually correct in that belief.
Lets prevent that problem through education.
Lets proceed to establishing some goals.
Lets proceed with the upgrade.
Lets promote a creative way to protect personal information from third-party misuse.
Lets proofread our material folks.
Lets protect our right to keep bees by avoiding problems.
Lets prove it.
Lets prove the nay-sayers wrong.
Lets provide another example.
Lets pull back the covers.
Lets pull together and help each other.
Lets punt it.
Lets push that aside also.
Lets put everyones knowledge to use.
Lets quickly review solubility rules.
Lets raise a glass to quiet corners and the traditional ways of doing things.
Lets raise some money, and remember it is easy.
Lets raise the minimum wage.
Lets rally around our new chairman.
Lets read and discuss their works here, and learn from each other.
Lets read the answer in the next verse.
Lets read the story and look at the illustrations.
Lets read the story.
Lets really look around and see what needs to be taken care of next.
Lets really make the Rat Come Back.
Lets rearrange that a little.
Lets rededicate our professions and say the pledge again.
Lets redo the outer rim.
Lets reexamine the race condition.
Lets register a callback to roll the dice.
Lets remember Iraq was beautiful before the first Gulf War.
Lets remember that a lot of infections are transmitted through water,air, foodstuffs and waste.
Lets remember that most of our forefathers owned guns, many for hunting.
Lets remember that technology can also be a wonderful tool.
Lets remember that UofA played a game of a lifetime two years ago in Seattle.
Lets remember that.
Lets remember there are needs and then there are wants.
Lets remember, the elder son was an excellent son who made wise choices.
Lets reminisce with E-mail.
Lets remove it.
Lets remove the categories and seek an overall integration of human culture with the environment.
Lets rent a plane and do some sprayin .
Lets rephrase that.
Lets reproduce the image above as an example.
Lets restore a different saved view.
Lets restore the properties now.
Lets restrict the problem to the home link.
Lets retire the USA and bring on greater competition at the top of women's soccer.
Lets return now to our discussion of the sections of a paper.
Lets return to the dual coil drive sequence shown above.
Lets return to the war zone.
Lets reverse the predominant thoughts.
Lets review a few concepts first.
Lets review a few facts.
Lets review each one separately.
Lets review how to look at the selections.
Lets review some important wave properties.
Lets review the code.
Lets review the grocery store design basics.
Lets review the menu now.
Lets review the options that most electronic day traders have a the their disposal.
Lets review the reasoning behind effective Internet research.
Lets review what happens in a plant when as it grows after a harvest.
Lets revisit exactly what vtable modification is, and take a look at some of the pros and cons.
Lets revisit the validity issue and the denouncing of one construct to privilege the other.
Lets Revote the military, or first vote actually.
Lets reward the people who sit on the bench.
Lets rewind the tape.
Lets rewrite eq.
Lets rewrite the equation above.
Lets ride out of town into the night.
Lets ride, aw baby everythings gonna be alright.
Lets ride, down to the waterline.
Lets rise and let justice prevail.
Lets roll up our sleeves and help people.
Lets run an experiment.
Lets run off together.
Lets run some tests to find out.
Lets run the numbers.
Lets save lives by getting the word out.
Lets save on printing costs.
Lets save some money while shopping.
Lets save the nerves of the women.
Lets say a basic geology course required.
Lets say a company in Australia wanted to import some herbs for production purposes.
Lets say a drum sings a family's song without permission.
Lets say a group of five hardcore gamers with talent get together, and created a development house.
Lets say a Video card.
Lets say each of the genes involves complete dominance and recessiveness.
Lets say for arguments sake that the individual did train as a medical doctor at some stage.
Lets say for example that in our world our knowledge is limited.
Lets say four horses.
Lets say how important our children are.
Lets say it is a chest trap two-touch.
Lets say it is a clockwise spinning helicopter.
Lets say it is sturdily tethered to the passenger's seat.
Lets say it s the king of hearts.
Lets say it together again.
Lets say it together.
Lets say it's around a corner . . .
Lets say now a third party comes along and visits the owner's web site.
Lets say our intent was for successful investing.
Lets say so.
Lets say that a group forms with a belief system that uses human sacrifice.
Lets say that a queen ant produces a fixed number of eggs per day.
Lets say that again.
Lets say that both x and y can be expressed as functions of another variable t .
Lets say that employees wanted a more flexible schedule.
Lets say that morals are derived from culture or ethnicity, instead.
Lets say that one corner is totally saturated with water and the other is dry.
Lets say that the user has the vhdl code for the tutor.vhd example.
Lets say that there is a list of project.
Lets say that they sell a variety of components.
Lets say the above data is stored in a file called poly .
Lets say the broad subject is dating.
Lets say the Earth is rotating at w revolutions per hour.
Lets say the earth just stopped revolving around the sun.
Lets say the list is narrowed to a final group of four to six colleges.
Lets say the nearest part of the bolt is one mile away.
Lets say the page in question is a page which asks the user to authenticate themselves.
Lets say the physician failed to make a proper diagnosis of the patient s condition.
Lets say the program was to add two numbers together.
Lets say the size of the fish determines where they swim and what they eat.
Lets say the source is at rest, and the observer is moving.
Lets say the team got tired of never winning because of the cost.
Lets say the United States goes to war against Mexico.
Lets say the user's name is fred.
Lets say there a rules for some and rules for others.
Lets say there is a meeting prearrange in a place, an alley.
Lets say there is a rigid metal box.
Lets say there's a tiny crack in a rock, or small dent, some water seeps in.
Lets say they are classified as a C, B borrower.
Lets say they meet on the right as shown in the figure below.
Lets see . . .
Lets see a big fight between the pathogens of the computer industry.
Lets see a few more.
Lets see a flick.
Lets see a half dozen in our favor.
Lets see a loose bearing HS do that.
Lets see a practical example of a two dimension array in action.
Lets see a quick show of hands.
Lets see a whole book on here about Real artist of merit.
Lets see an example of creating a student object.
Lets see an example.
Lets see an intelligent attack and intelligent strategy.
Lets see each one in turn.
Lets see 'em roll in.
Lets see everyone's response to that.
Lets see for how long.
Lets see how far the chain can be passed.
Lets see how high our hits can go.
Lets see how hypnosis and relaxation can help.
Lets see how it all goes together.
Lets see how it all works out.
Lets see how it fared.
Lets see how it goes in future.
Lets see how it goes.
Lets see how it seems to match alternatives.
Lets see how it works.
Lets see how long it takes.
Lets see how many come true.
Lets see how many homes are actually protected by each alternative.
Lets see how many humans in the bank at lunchtime.
Lets see how many weeks it takes for it to move down farther.
Lets see how much cock a women can handle.
Lets see how serverless storage works in as simple as terms possible.
Lets see how the dictionary defines the word first.
Lets see how the elements relate when decorating our homes.
Lets see how the numbers add up then.
Lets see how the story begins.
Lets see how the video and audio holds up.
Lets see how they act during the night.
Lets see how they are able to do what they do in, form and function .
Lets see how they fair.
Lets see how they 'wash' uniforms now.
Lets see how things go.
Lets see how well the dam does in protecting homes from floods, which is what it is supposed to do.
Lets see how.
Lets see if it can add on volume.
Lets see if it helps.
Lets see if it lives up to the precedent set by the television program of the same name.
Lets see if it worked.
Lets see if it works.
Lets see if it'll stay after a few more games.
Lets see if that theory works.
Lets see if that's true.
Lets see if the clerk knows about ergogenic aids.
Lets see if the lack of expertise showed up.
Lets see if the patent office lets that one slip through.
Lets see if the same thing happens again.
Lets see if the studio buys it'.
Lets see if their production chips hold up to their promise.
Lets see if there are answers.
Lets see if they can break the curse next show.
Lets see if they have the time to catch the rat to eat in the days that are coming.
Lets see if they passed the test.
Lets see if they respond.
Lets see if they want it.
Lets see it.
Lets see Next.
Lets see now what to do with errorlevel.
Lets see now when the situation is reversed.
Lets see now. . .
Lets see now.
Lets see on friday.
Lets see one by one.
Lets see some chairs get blown off before closing it down at the slightest gust.
Lets see some code .
Lets see some creativity.
Lets see some more locations show up in the city area.
Lets see some new ideas.
Lets see some real answers.
Lets see some varity.
Lets see something more.
Lets see the avarage in next days.
Lets see the basics behind it.
Lets see the clams top that.
Lets see the comedians revived for some decent entertainment.
Lets see the contents of our defaulters table.
Lets see the contents of our loans table.
Lets see the station is programed.
Lets see the structure of our inmates table.
Lets see the structure of our table sarah.
Lets see the structure of the escapees table.
Lets see what a New Testament church is according to Scripture.
Lets see what a real one looks like.
Lets see what additional information emerges.
Lets see what can be done.
Lets see what develops.
Lets see what else.
Lets see what happened behind the scenes of the summit meeting.
Lets see what happens come tourney time.
Lets see what happens in the next few years.
Lets see what happens next.
Lets see what happens.
Lets see what it does.
Lets see what it looks like to revolve functions around the x-axis.
Lets see what it's all about.
Lets see what kind of job they can do if they're needed.
Lets see what kind of prayer yields that kind of power.
Lets see what pete can do.
Lets see what reactions the mail brings.
Lets see what that s all about.
Lets see what the Bible says.
Lets see what they are.
Lets see what they come out with.
Lets see what they do in the future.
Lets see what they suggest'.
Lets see what they're really made of.
Lets see what value the property 'first' has, itself.
Lets see what's in that sack.
Lets see whats next.
Lets see what's on the Web.
Lets see what's out there.
Lets see whether the movie manages to do the same.
Lets see which communities match up well with our lifestyle interests.
Lets see which one it is.
Lets see who can get pick the babys birthday for tigger.
Lets see who can get the longest chain.
Lets see who has been naughty or nice.
Lets see why that is.
Lets see why.
Lets see, fifty grand.
Lets see, first lets take a look as the specifications of the card.
Lets see, is it red wine or white wine that goes with salmon.
Lets see, next point of interest.
Lets see, oh, fires.
Lets see, scrub in.
Lets see, set the back edge of the compass on the camp and the front edge to the center of the pass.
Lets see, what else.
Lets see, where's that damn shopping list.
Lets see, Who to talk about next.
Lets see, wut else.
Lets see. .
Lets seek the answer in the next point.
Lets select a number of southern states.
Lets select a temperature plot.
Lets send a message about the importance of student loans and higher education.
Lets send price gougers packing.
Lets seriously plan ahead.
Lets settle it now.
Lets setup a quick lookup table based on grades.
Lets shake it off.
Lets share a donut.
Lets share and compare.
Lets share our concerns.
Lets share our information, resources and experiences.
Lets share our knowledge and keep in touch.
Lets share our views.
Lets share some information.
Lets share the truth.
Lets shoot for maximum participation.
Lets shoot some pool .
Lets show a little life.
Lets show and tell the world about the things that ARE working.
Lets show blood, gore and oodles of flesh and see how well it sells.
Lets show our appreciation for the great job that they have done.
Lets show our support by putting together a table from our club.
Lets show our support for one another.
Lets show our support for our presenters and attend as many of the sponsored programs as possible.
Lets show the way.
Lets show up in force again and provide support for the house.
Lets show yah how to do it.
Lets sing about it.
Lets sing in signs.
Lets sing it.
Lets sit back and smoke our pipe.
Lets sit down and bargain now.
Lets sit down and have a chat.
Lets skip ahead to Mission to Mars .
Lets skip to the end of the game.
Lets slow down a minute.
Lets slow down and catch up with adding the infrastructure to handle future growth.
Lets slow down here.
Lets smack the stiching off that sucker and run some bases.
Lets smoke some cones.
Lets sort it out here and now.
Lets speak frankly.
Lets speak soon.
Lets spend more money on defense.
Lets spend our money on something useful.
Lets spend some more time discussing the differences in aerobic and anerobic exercise.
Lets spend some time finding out.
Lets spin a few tales.
Lets spread love.
Lets spread responsibility for the screw up.
Lets stand and sing.
Lets stand beneath and stick out our tongues for a wee drop.
Lets stand here inanely and film it instead of running for our lives.
Lets stand strong as a nation to rid the world of terrorism.
Lets stand up and be counted loud and clear for all with diabetes everywhere.
Lets start a chain of great recipes here.
Lets start a dialogue and get something accomplished.
Lets start a dialogue.
Lets start a new and exciting group of new talent.
Lets start a riot in tha club lets get wild and now.
Lets start again.
Lets start an epidemic, and get the world infected.
Lets start an internet sangha.
Lets start analyzing the situation.
Lets start anew for once.
Lets start another year off right and come out and participate in our training class.
Lets start at the basics about programs or information manipulation.
Lets start at the bathroom door.
Lets start at the beginning of the process, from the perspective of a recruiter, with the resume.
Lets start at the beginning of the ride experience.
Lets start at the beginning.
Lets start at the bottom.
Lets start at the hand and work up from the point where the hammer hits metal.
Lets start at the most basic point.
Lets start at the top.
Lets start at the very beginning.
Lets start by clarifying a few things about psychics and psychic ability.
Lets start by creating a new button.
Lets start by defining a microbrewery.
Lets start by describing the path of the water through the pump.
Lets start by describing what keys are.
Lets start by explaining what the Internet is.
Lets start by first making the existing program financially solvent.
Lets start by keyframing the shockwave object.
Lets start by looking at what a cache is.
Lets start by making a complex surface to blend to.
Lets start by making a curve.
Lets start by making the main shaft.
Lets start by putting out a plea in our own club newsletters.
Lets start by re-sizing the image.
Lets start by reviewing the basic relationships most people experience in life.
Lets start by saving a new style.
Lets start by taking a look at the current xhost configuration.
Lets start by thinking in three distinct areas.
Lets start by using the Option Explicit function.
Lets start discussing the issues and asking campaigns to respond.
Lets start doing some guesstimating.
Lets start doing some serios networking and information sharing.
Lets start easy and move on from there.
Lets start evil.
Lets start first to make the application visible.
Lets start focusing on the students and thier families.
Lets start from a different, a better, place.
Lets start from the actual concept of information.
Lets start from the beginning.
Lets start from the beginning-cost.
Lets start from the bottom.
Lets start from the ground up.
Lets start from the middle and work up and down with the amount of tension on the line.
Lets start from the most obvious ones.
Lets start from the top.
Lets start getting in touch with one another.
Lets start in the classroom.
Lets start in the present.
Lets start in the south.
Lets start indoors.
Lets start it say that prayer.
Lets start now .
Lets start off by adding five new lines of code to the top of lesson one.
Lets start off by looking at the basic components.
Lets start off by pretending that they are all really guilty of the offense.
Lets start off discussing a recent discovery from the parapsychology community.
Lets start off with a bang.
Lets start off with a question that has been on several peoples minds.
Lets start off with getting the weights into the arbor.
Lets start off with some examples.
Lets start off with the biggest and most exciting tours of the summer.
Lets start off with the description of a typical Texas barbecue pit.
Lets start off with the most important in any racing simulation, the physics.
Lets start off with what Derivative works are.
Lets start our tour through the generator at the shaft.
Lets start our trip.
Lets start out by letting everybody know the sex of each.
Lets start out by looking at some common errors found in many movies.
Lets start out by saying the following.
Lets start out by supporting our new slate of officers and new president.
Lets start out with a few pictures.
Lets start out with a personal protective gear.
Lets start out with diagonals, or star prisms as they are sometimes referred to.
Lets start out with plastics first.
Lets start out with the hardware.
Lets start proposing songs to the list.
Lets start putting it together.
Lets start right at the top with the induction of the third opener.
Lets start sharing more information on the exchange .
Lets start simple.
Lets start simply, by animating the stacking of a small pile of bricks.
Lets start slides.
Lets start talking about the rights of their casualties.
Lets start that digestive process.
Lets start the conversation going and see how many are interested.
Lets start the game with an easy one.
Lets start the journey.
Lets start the life cycle with a spore.
Lets start to call things by their real name.
Lets start to connect with other internationally minded vegetarians in our local communities.
Lets start to fill in the stucture of the design a bit.
Lets start wit the basics.
Lets start with a basic description of the gear.
Lets start with a basic world that is square.
Lets start with a beginning shooter .
Lets start with a bit of background.
Lets start with a brief definition of the different types of points.
Lets start with a brief description of the stepper motor.
Lets start with a button.
Lets start with a car.
Lets start with a definition.
Lets start with a demonstration and then explain the CSS scripting following the demonstration.
Lets start with a discussion about precedence.
Lets start with a few examples.
Lets start with a fresh checkout.
Lets start with a list of annuals that do well in shade.
Lets start with a live well.
Lets start with a mush meal.
Lets start with a salbutamol inhaler, the brand price and the generic.
Lets start with a short introduction.
Lets start with a short look at what saving faith encompasses.
Lets start with a simple case, just a bivariate normal.
Lets start with a simple form, a select box, text box, and submit button.
Lets start with a simple question.
Lets start with a simple slide projector from Braun .
Lets start with a very basic exercise for learning to push down the bar exactly one whole note.
Lets start with abortion.
Lets start with age and music.
Lets start with all our usual optimistic assumptions about fuel, technology and sociology.
Lets start with an actual skin file.
Lets start with an appetizer.
Lets start with an earth that was cool.
Lets start with an easy case.
Lets start with an easy one.
Lets start with an example of the elevator running with the doors open.
Lets start with an example that explains how position sizing and expectancy go together.
Lets start with an experiment.
Lets start with an outline of the events.
Lets start with animals.
Lets start with answering another question.
Lets start with banner ads.
Lets start with bone density.
Lets start with component video.
Lets start with criticism.
Lets start with decorating.
Lets start with definitions.
Lets start with diet.
Lets start with draft day.
Lets start with furniture.
Lets start with Germany.
Lets start with getting all the parts.
Lets start with getting pans in and out of a hot oven.
Lets start with herbs.
Lets start with how it felt.
Lets start with how the film image was created.
Lets start with igneous rocks.
Lets start with Jacob.
Lets start with just one network.
Lets start with lines of code and what they do.
Lets start with memory.
Lets start with monitors.
Lets start with neutering.
Lets start with old fashioned, stopping by our store.
Lets start with one of the biggest reasons, security.
Lets start with our arrival.
Lets start with our elementary and middle school kids.
Lets start with our fight for our independence from British rule.
Lets start with packing.
Lets start with perhaps the most fundamental thing of all - funding.
Lets start with plumbing.
Lets start with portability.
Lets start with positive points from the game.
Lets start with pranks.
Lets start with questions.
Lets start with setting the code.
Lets start with some basic beef export facts.
Lets start with some basic biology.
Lets start with some basic information.
Lets start with some data.
Lets start with some math.
Lets start with some mechanics.
Lets start with some published definitions.
Lets start with some quotes.
Lets start with some shrivel.
Lets start with some simple work with labels.
Lets start with some stuff for the wireframe dudes.
Lets start with some useful, but simple examples.
Lets start with some very general features of the game.
Lets start with something simple.
Lets start with stereotypes.
Lets start with stripping floors.
Lets start with sun.
Lets start with tags.
Lets start with that.
Lets start with the all-district squads.
Lets start with the ancient Chinese culture.
Lets start with the appearance.
Lets start with the audacious claim about covering the world.
Lets start with the background eraser. .
Lets start with the background eraser.
Lets start with the bads.
Lets start with the base system.
Lets start with the basic rigging.
Lets start with the basic video package.
Lets start with the basics , the teams and the schedule.
Lets start with the basics here.
Lets start with the basics, and work our way up from there.
Lets start with the basics.
Lets start with the basios.
Lets start with the best part the game, the graphics.
Lets start with the best.
Lets start with the big picture.
Lets start with the boots.
Lets start with the calendar.asp page.
Lets start with the camera itself.
Lets start with the cats' appearance.
Lets start with the cause.
Lets start with the circuit first and then discuss the program to control it.
Lets start with the clipper work.
Lets start with the consumer.
Lets start with the consumers.
Lets start with the culinary basics.
Lets start with the curds.
Lets start with the default mode done.
Lets start with the definition of a real estate escrow.
Lets start with the display adapter.
Lets start with the doors.
Lets start with the double jeopardy clause.
Lets start with the economy.
Lets start with the education side of the argument.
Lets start with the end of the story, or at least the present situation.
Lets start with the end result - what happens when an Event is triggered.
Lets start with the facts.
Lets start with the filtering system.
Lets start with the fireplace.
Lets start with the first derivative criterion.
Lets start with the first one.
Lets start with the first three questions.
Lets start with the forearm.
Lets start with the functionality.
Lets start with the fundamental.
Lets start with the good news.
Lets start with the good things.
Lets start with the good.
Lets start with the graphics.
Lets start with the hardware required.
Lets start with the head.
Lets start with the history of methoxyisoflavone.
Lets start with the individual images.
Lets start with the infamous voting record.
Lets start with the intuitive and work towards the formal.
Lets start with the kids.
Lets start with the last one first.
Lets start with the lesser browsers.
Lets start with the location.
Lets start with the logical first step.
Lets start with the logs.
Lets start with the loudspeaker.
Lets start with the main gun part the side of the machinery and the handle.
Lets start with the majors.
Lets start with the method of using another company's merchant account.
Lets start with the most common feature, anti-lock brakes.
Lets start with the most common question.
Lets start with the most important part of any RPG, the role-playing aspects.
Lets start with the motivation to feel low self concept.
Lets start with the name and email fields.
Lets start with the Northern Sky procedure.
Lets start with the numbers first.
Lets start with the one most often used and least likely to succeed, shoot.
Lets start with the opening theme.
Lets start with the origin of the concept in western law.
Lets start with the output table.
Lets start with the planets.
Lets start with the ppp-on script.
Lets start with the pregame.
Lets start with the present.
Lets start with the shoulders.
Lets start with the simple perimeter program.
Lets start with the simplest studio.
Lets start with the sound files.
Lets start with the specs.
Lets start with the spiral galaxies, and then move onto the ellipticals and the irregulars.
Lets start with the stars.
Lets start with the stimulating signal.
Lets start with the tank itself.
Lets start with the template for the two sides.
Lets start with the title.
Lets start with the top line, which begins with the A .
Lets start with the trigger pull.
Lets start with the trigram which has the lower line yang and the other lines ying.
Lets start with the two-variable function and then generalize from there.
Lets start with the type of hammers blacksmiths use.
Lets start with the user form.
Lets start with the visual image.
Lets start with the weather.
Lets start with their younger brothers.
Lets start with treating our athletes like their hard training and their input means something.
Lets start with warm season grasses which are usually sodded.
Lets start with weather conditions.
Lets start with web sites.
Lets start with what exactly is soil.
Lets start with what has been said in the press in the last few days.
Lets start with what most people are thrown off by.
Lets start with where the word came from.
Lets start writing questions, collaboratively.
Lets starts from the head and work our way down.
Lets state a few home truths before proceeding.
Lets stay flat for now.
Lets stay focused.
Lets stay in southern Italy, but let's go on the other side of the country, Puglia.
Lets stay in touch for future possibilities.
Lets stay in touch.
Lets stay positive, work hard together, help each other out on and off the field and stay focused.
Lets stay simple and refer to complications whenever they come up.
Lets stay with the example of a child's birthday.
Lets steal some and celebrate the birthday.
Lets step back a bit and look at what happens when a file is written to a disk.
Lets step out of the micro view for a moment and consider the macro view.
Lets stick strictly to the facts.
Lets stick to that.
Lets stick to the movie on hand, however.
Lets stick together and get some answers and some service back in our lives.
Lets stick with the charter.
Lets stir up some great recipes, all while learning the basics of food preparation.
Lets stop allowing television to rule or predict our lives.
Lets stop at the brakes for some time.
Lets stop believing the mythologies and stop taking the government at their word.
Lets stop brutal character assasination and practice good civil discourse.
Lets stop for a minute too look at the live selection tool.
Lets stop for the night and wander around aimlessly in the dark.
Lets stop guessing who is building what where and why.
Lets stop here for just a moment.
Lets stop Hollywood embarrass the greatest TV show of all time.
Lets stop investing in incarceration.
Lets stop it now.
Lets stop it.
Lets stop listening to guys with beer bellies and cheap wigs and forget about dissolution.
Lets stop now before it gets even worse.
Lets stop now.
Lets stop pointing the finger at the school system and start doing our jobs as parents.
Lets stop pretending that all speakers in network marketing are equal.
Lets stop the burning of the forest and habitat.
Lets stop the killing.
Lets stop the vauge open ended questions and get to the root of helping.
Lets stop thinking so deeply and just live.
Lets stop violence and promote life.
Lets Stop Wasting Our Time .
Lets stretch a little further.
Lets strike up a friendship.
Lets strive, rather, for some innovative methods of educational retention.
Lets struggle and fight to go forward.
Lets struggling students read the same materials as the rest of the class.
Lets sum up the facts.
Lets support all of our peers and applaud the job they do.
Lets support both.
Lets support our college athletes in there fight towards a winning season.
Lets support our men basketball team while they are on there quest for victory.
Lets support our schools and our community.
Lets support our teammates.
Lets support the guys who have made a conscious decision to be natural competitors.
Lets support the team.
Lets suppose that the blastaea lives in a gravitational field, probably the sea.
Lets swap and send each other traffic.
Lets swap emails, maybe meet up, hang out together and see.
Lets swap fresh content for the benefit of all.
Lets swap the verses.
Lets switch gears and talk a bit about the environment.
Lets tackle the latter first.
Lets tackle the little question of phase.
Lets take a a simpler approach.
Lets take a bathtub for example.
Lets take a break and sit under the shade of the apple tree for a bit.
Lets take a break from the short sighted view.
Lets take a break.
Lets take a brief look at the theory of such an approach.
Lets take a brief look.
Lets take a close look at the picture above.
Lets take a closer look and find out.
Lets take a closer look at a very basic electrical system.
Lets take a closer look at each of the control structures.
Lets take a closer look at how to do it.
Lets take a closer look at Internet mail.
Lets take a closer look at NICs .
Lets take a closer look at some of the one-way devices.
Lets take a closer look at that chart.
Lets take a closer look at the card.
Lets take a closer look at the distribution of wealth.
Lets take a closer look at the following example.
Lets take a closer look at the heatsink.
Lets take a closer look at the infamous bluefish.
Lets take a closer look at the mixing for the different room combinations.
Lets take a closer look at the second item.
Lets take a closer look at the styles . . .
Lets take a closer look at their DVD release.
Lets take a closer look at why stock pickers lose on average.
Lets take a closer look behind the old guard s smoke and mirrors and find out.
Lets take a closer look behind the old guards smoke and mirrors and find out.
Lets take a closer look.
Lets take a concrete example.
Lets take a critical look at the possibilities for challenging the status quo.
Lets take a cursory look at some of the epidemiological data.
Lets take a few pics of the sound card in question.
Lets take a house cleaning company.
Lets take a journey down memory lane.
Lets take a little look into recent history.
Lets take a look a more indepth look at the ingredients starting with the preservatives.
Lets take a look a typical situation.
Lets take a look ahead and see what is on the horizon.
Lets take a look an example.
Lets take a look and laugh.
Lets take a look ast the graphs for a bit.
Lets take a look at a basic example.
Lets take a look at a common plant, the fern.
Lets take a look at a couple of examples.
Lets take a look at a few facts.
Lets take a look at a few of the more important ones from the perspective of a web technician.
Lets take a look at a post card.
Lets take a look at a simple example of a menu box.
Lets take a look at a simple example using a faded edge mask.
Lets take a look at a simple example.
Lets take a look at a simple page that uses data binding.
Lets take a look at an actual mesh definition.
Lets take a look at an example.
Lets take a look at another example.
Lets take a look at another point , school safety.
Lets take a look at each independently.
Lets take a look at each one, starting with build-time signing.
Lets take a look at each plug-in in the bundle.
Lets take a look at each.
Lets take a look at examples using the red circle and the surrounding blue pixels.
Lets take a look at history.
Lets take a look at how it works.
Lets take a look at how that's done.
Lets take a look at it and see how smooth the surface looks.
Lets take a look at it from their perspective now.
Lets take a look at it in detail.
Lets take a look at it.
Lets take a look at jazz.
Lets take a look at matching ultralight tackle and lures to the fishing conditions.
Lets take a look at our new data.
Lets take a look at our plane again.
Lets take a look at recent bandwidth speed history.
Lets take a look at several key examples.
Lets take a look at some big names left out there.
Lets take a look at some common date formating problems.
Lets take a look at some different types of body language.
Lets take a look at some examples of an after image.
Lets take a look at some examples.
Lets take a look at some HTML right now.
Lets take a look at some important layout and structural concepts.
Lets take a look at some of North America s finest scenic trails.
Lets take a look at some of the common misconceptions about spaying and neutering.
Lets take a look at some of the creative uses of syrups taking place around the world.
Lets take a look at some of the drivers.
Lets take a look at some of the fallacies.
Lets take a look at some of the information from various studies and how it relates to angling.
Lets take a look at some of the more common types of claims submitted from educational institutions.
Lets take a look at some of the reasoning behind spam.
Lets take a look at some of the top tech issues in the new budget.
Lets take a look at some of their achievements.
Lets take a look at some samples.
Lets take a look at some standard fly gear.
Lets take a look at some things to consider.
Lets take a look at some voltage combinations.
Lets take a look at something a bit more complicated now.
Lets take a look at something.
Lets take a look at that first.
Lets take a look at that page now.
Lets take a look at the above scan first.
Lets take a look at the advantages and disadvantages of such trends in the draft.
Lets take a look at the architecture of the Internet for just a moment.
Lets take a look at the basic concept.
Lets take a look at the basic concepts.
Lets take a look at the benchmarks now.
Lets take a look at the big picture.
Lets take a look at the competition.
Lets take a look at the Constitution for a few moments.
Lets take a look at the core and memory speeds.
Lets take a look at the core concepts of each theory.
Lets take a look at the cosine and arccosine.
Lets take a look at the dates.
Lets take a look at the dictionary to find a general definition of clan.
Lets take a look at the differences between the new and old chillers.
Lets take a look at the equipment requirements for freediving.
Lets take a look at the ethereal output for the next packet.
Lets take a look at the evidence.
Lets take a look at the exceptions.
Lets take a look at the feature set.
Lets take a look at the Harding scandals.
Lets take a look at the information included in the marketing report.
Lets take a look at the install script.
Lets take a look at the issue of curriculums first and then general instructor qualifications.
Lets take a look at the meat of the code.
Lets take a look at the menus first.
Lets take a look at the new rules.
Lets take a look at the one at the top.
Lets take a look at the photo album.
Lets take a look at the porn industry.
Lets take a look at the process of preparation.
Lets take a look at the quad area next.
Lets take a look at the refrigerant path and the components.
Lets take a look at the rest of our schedule.
Lets take a look at the results it produces versus the traditional model.
Lets take a look at the schedule.
Lets take a look at the science of magnets.
Lets take a look at the server side happenings.
Lets take a look at the shield of faith in the Roman days.
Lets take a look at the steps to consider when shopping for wireless service.
Lets take a look at the subnet mask in binary form.
Lets take a look at the teams batting, or lack thereof.
Lets take a look at the technical specifications first.
Lets take a look at the third dimension.
Lets take a look at the two software packages that are most widely used by digital photographers.
Lets take a look at two different advertisers response rate based on hours of the day.
Lets take a look at two high buck candidates for the virtual workspace.
Lets take a look at what lds.org says about exaltation, or the highest degree of salvation.
Lets take a look at what makes it suck pretty bad.
Lets take a look at what the game has going on.
Lets take a look at whats happening.
Lets take a look at who is likely to be traded in the next few days.
Lets take a look at why maps are so complex.
Lets take a look at why tools are invented.
Lets take a look first, at the article about vitamin C and cancer.
Lets take a look from another angle below.
Lets take a look inside .
Lets take a look inside.
Lets take a look of two computers.
Lets take a look once again at the server side.
Lets take a look the most common types of retail establishments in the United States.
Lets take a look today at creating user-defined functions.
Lets take a look, click here.
Lets take a look.
Lets Take A Look.
Lets take a look-see.
Lets take a minute to put things in perspective.
Lets take a moment and look back at our childhood.
Lets take a moment to explore that together.
Lets take a moment to talk about the audio outs.
Lets take a more complicated example.
Lets take a new example.
Lets take a nice juicy human gut cell, intestinal epithelial tissue.
Lets take a normal day, remembering that men and women are creatures of habit.
Lets take a peek at some of our features within the integrated cockpit.
Lets take a peek at the sine and arcsin, and see how they are reflections of one another.
Lets take a peek.
Lets take a photographic tour of our shop.
Lets take a previous example.
Lets take a quick glance at some reasons that can happen.
Lets take a quick look around.
Lets take a quick look at how the capital gains tax works.
Lets take a quick look at just of a few of the better known women who ventured out beyond the cave.
Lets take a quick look at the state football championship games.
Lets take a quick look at which teams went to which region and their seedings.
Lets take a quick run through the most used tools.
Lets take a quick run up the Bay from the break, watching for hazards.
Lets take a quick tour.
Lets take a real life application.
Lets take a realistic look at the Canadian situation.
Lets take a realistic look at the options.
Lets take a second to talk about prey bh.
Lets take a shorter trip down memory lane.
Lets take a simple example.
Lets take a simplified example of a three-reel machine.
Lets take a slight diversion.
Lets take a step back .
Lets take a step back a sec.
Lets take a step back for a minute and explain a few things.
Lets take a step back from the specifics of diving equipment and take a wider view of things.
Lets take a tour and start searching for coins.
Lets take a trip back in time to the first half of the twentieth century.
Lets take a trip to British Columbia.
Lets take a trip.
Lets take a typical day in the care of a newborn feral kitten.
Lets take a typical sales item like a dual band mobile.
Lets take a vacation over looking the ocean.
Lets take a very simplified situation as an example.
Lets take a vote.
Lets take a walk down memory lane.
Lets take a walk down to the trees.
Lets take a web site as a comparative example to a grocery store.
Lets take advantage of it.
Lets take an armed robbery at a convenient store as an example.
Lets take an audience question.
Lets take an example from dolphin training.
Lets take an example in order to think about other resources.
Lets take an example, the python cookbook.
Lets take an example.
Lets take an opportunity to examine a cost recovery system in more detail.
Lets take another look at that sign.
Lets take another look at the above situation and change the consequence.
Lets take another look at the whole coco issue again.
Lets take as example West Java, Central Java and West Sumatra.
Lets take back our security by force if necessary.
Lets take backstreet boys and nsync out of the charts.
Lets take bluegrass.
Lets take care of it now, instead of at that very stressful closing deadline.
Lets take care of more important stuff around here instead of worrying about POVs.
Lets take care of our provider.
Lets take cartoons, t.v. shows, and movies for example.
Lets take crimes against property.
Lets take excess calcium as an example because it is probably one of the most common problems.
Lets take first things first.
Lets take fisting for example.
Lets take for example a review on car seats.
Lets take for example PC SPES .
Lets take for instance, a water hose.
Lets take full advantage of that opportunity, that silver lining.
Lets take good care of what they died for.
Lets take Huntington Beach in California.
Lets take in the harvest and can the preserves.
Lets take it as an opinion and leave it there.
Lets take it for a spin.
Lets take it for a test ride and see how well it really works for racing.
Lets take it in order.
Lets Take It One More Step.
Lets take it one step at a time.
Lets take it one word at a time.
Lets take it out into a broader perspective.
Lets take it.
Lets take marketing for instance.
Lets take obstetrics as an example.
Lets take off the gloves, stop being so nice and bring the Cup back where it belongs.
Lets take our candy.xml file for example.
Lets take our meaningless word kn and add vowel marks to it .
Lets take plastics for example.
Lets take schizophrenia as an example.
Lets take several objects.
Lets take some basic shampoo product and see what's on the bottle.
Lets take some class pictures.
Lets take some questions from the floor.
Lets take some time and explore the town, or maybe just each other.
Lets take spanking.
Lets take speed dialing for example.
Lets take Springfield, MA. for example.
Lets take teaching for now.
Lets take that one apart.
Lets take that one thing and go from here.
Lets take the above example one step further.
Lets take the battle online.
Lets take the case of agricultural irrigation systems in India.
Lets take the case of our familiar wcnet.org address.
Lets take the current arsenic level in water as an example.
Lets take the current situation with China.
Lets take the electronics drift first.
Lets take the example of an often seen web package.
Lets take the example of the soldier who enlists in the army.
Lets take the example of the woman again.
Lets take the example of trying to accelerate an electron to the speed of light.
Lets take the fight to the real bigots.
Lets take the first part.
Lets take the gas part first.
Lets take the hair as an example and the color yellow .
Lets take the issue of peace, stability and security for example.
Lets take the lead.
Lets take the limit as x approaches negative infinity.
Lets take the movie The Verdict as an example.
Lets take the new prisons construction programme.
Lets take the peacock for example .
Lets take the peacock for example.
Lets take the question of cholesterol.
Lets take the risk and go outside.
Lets take the second two questions first.
Lets take the structure of litigation as an example.
Lets take the Trinity one step further.
Lets take the upcoming England-Pakistan series as an example.
Lets take the worst case, they have to install pollution control equipment.
Lets take time out and have a look at their background.
Lets take two green machines, for starters.
Lets take two more.
Lets take wealth, for example.
Lets take wearing ties, for example.
Lets take, for example, a car that is about to travel to a park.
Lets take, for example, an active underwater volcano.
Lets take, for example, the impact energy absorbed by a metal at various temperatures.
Lets take, for example, the requirement to be able to update a sales order.
Lets talk a bit about color mixing.
Lets talk a bit about the steps and concept behind making a rollover work.
Lets talk a bit about variables in Delphi.
Lets talk a little about the lake, fishing and boats.
Lets talk a little bit about the political realities in the States.
Lets talk a little more about sexual abuse.
Lets talk a moment about prequalify.
Lets talk about a concrete example.
Lets talk about advertising and links.
Lets talk about alpha channels and transparency for a moment.
Lets talk about an avg.
Lets talk about an outdoor party first.
Lets talk about ants sometime.
Lets talk about arcology.
Lets talk about attacks.
Lets talk about beefy.
Lets talk about clutter.
Lets talk about cooperation first.
Lets talk about corporate giving.
Lets talk about crusades.
Lets talk about disappearances for instance.
Lets talk about each one separately.
Lets talk about features.
Lets talk about first world problems for a minute.
Lets talk about fishery science and the philosophy of the angler behind the rod.
Lets talk about fractal compression.
Lets talk about gameplay.
Lets talk about high blood pressure.
Lets talk about how a child gets diagnosed.
Lets talk about how to avoid catching colds on a plane.
Lets talk about it first.
Lets talk about it in Cali.
Lets talk about it some.
Lets talk about it.
Lets talk about lack of organic matter and trace minerals.
Lets talk about Late Money Updates.
Lets talk about love, where both people get their vital needs met.
Lets Talk About Love.
Lets talk about maps for a moment.
Lets talk about money.
Lets talk about old times.
Lets talk about our socials first.
Lets talk about parent involvement in our programs.
Lets talk about people who have microalbuminuria.
Lets Talk About Pop'.
Lets talk about preparation.
Lets talk about racial incorrectness, or at least, the possibility of it.
Lets talk about repayment.
Lets talk about reproductive success.
Lets talk about revenge .
Lets talk about room factors that affect acoustics.
Lets talk about safety.
Lets talk about service.
Lets talk about some of the differences between a tape and live orchestra and dance.
Lets talk about some of the guest artist on the project.
Lets talk about some specific types of specialty services.
Lets talk about something a bit more inane and trite.
Lets talk about something serious.
Lets talk about stock collections and galleries in general.
Lets talk about stock images and galleries in general.
Lets talk about stuff.
Lets talk about surface drifters.
Lets talk about tackle a little bit.
Lets talk about that cat.
Lets talk about that most important issue.
Lets talk about that right now.
Lets talk about that.
Lets talk about the all-consuming tenderness issue.
Lets talk about the ball first.
Lets talk about the basic brakes system.
Lets talk about the components of paintgun accuracy and dispel some of the myths.
Lets talk about the current scandal.
Lets talk about the differences within races and also between communities.
Lets talk about the different personalities a school has.
Lets talk about the dinosaur.
Lets talk about the facts of life on the web.
Lets talk about the first one.
Lets talk about the future of family systems.
Lets talk about the games atmosphere.
Lets talk about the lynx.
Lets talk about the man for a moment.
Lets talk about the mechanics of the screw-on type gas cap.
Lets talk about the new school mode for a moment.
Lets talk about the orchid family.
Lets talk about the Oscars.
Lets talk about the party.
Lets talk about the people who work here.
Lets talk about the programmer.
Lets talk about the qualities of essence.
Lets talk about the real environment.
Lets talk about the real issue - legality, and ethics.
Lets talk about the realistic costs.
Lets talk about the sex factor in video games.
Lets talk about the subject matter jurisdiction of the federal courts in civil cases.
Lets talk about the tall lit ones that are the focus of the website and our concern.
Lets talk about the tires.
Lets talk about the truth here.
Lets talk about the wide ranging peripherals now.
Lets talk about the with first, then about the how .
Lets talk about truck traffic.
Lets talk about unexplainable fires.
Lets talk about wading first.
Lets talk about what is important in solid canine nutrition.
Lets talk about what it takes to succeed in Marketing.
Lets talk about what really matters.
Lets talk about what some of the individual chips do.
Lets talk after.
Lets talk always working on artistic and profitable ideas.
Lets talk asian softball.
Lets talk at the next meeting.
Lets Talk Back.
Lets talk baseball.
Lets talk celadon and periwinkle.
Lets talk diarrhea.
Lets talk dollars.
Lets talk first about pacing in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Lets talk for a minute about the current laws.
Lets talk it over.
Lets talk just briefly about each of the sub-systems.
Lets talk Live.
Lets talk money.
Lets talk more about it.
Lets talk movies.
Lets talk now about advertisers.
Lets talk offline.
Lets talk on the performance.
Lets talk on the phone, meet for a coffee,beer and check each other out.
Lets talk Pits.
Lets talk sex.
Lets talk some more about innovation and change.
Lets talk true shooting skills.
Lets talk Turkey . . .
Lets teach abstinence, correct condom use and the ramifications of having sexual relations.
Lets teach our kids about courtesy, sharing, honesty, pride, character, and humanity.
Lets teach the children about their power within.
Lets tell the morons in TV land that good TV is hard enough to find let alone replace.
Lets test it to make sure it works.
Lets test it.
Lets test the primary and foreign keys.
Lets think about an alignment.
Lets think about it for a minute.
Lets think about it for a moment.
Lets think about it, the price is right.
Lets think about Jerusalem.
Lets think about our fishing tournament and fish fry - and maybe a mall setup and display.
Lets think about some inherent differences between the two.
Lets think about something interesting.
Lets think about the muscles.
Lets think about the problems facing the issue of computer recycling.
Lets think about what actually goes into the making of an ear.
Lets think for a moment.
Lets think it through, and set up a neat, proactive and rewarding system.
Lets think like a dog.
Lets think of a standard large Web index.
Lets think, discuss, and affirmatively endorse our candidates.
Lets throw a rock at it.
Lets throw out the whole election.
Lets together conduct business with peace of mind.
Lets touch briefly on the stolen content issue.
Lets trade in a pot smoking sex maniac for a cocaine snorting dimwit.
Lets trash pointless articles.
Lets travel to the past.
Lets try a few things.
Lets try a free fall vision.
Lets try a lighter vein today.
Lets try a somewhat more complicated example.
Lets try a thought experiment.
Lets try again - maybe even a reboot.
Lets try again.
Lets try an actual example.
Lets try an example.
Lets try and be a bit more respectful of the victims.
Lets try and be more precise.
Lets try and create the elements of a model in words and symbols.
Lets try and find out.
Lets try and illustrate a whole note.
Lets try and keep it edifying.
Lets try and leave an accurate record for future generations to learn and understand.
Lets try and make it an information resource for all UK divers.
Lets try and stay focused here.
Lets try and write something useful.
Lets try another angle.
Lets try another one.
Lets try another question.
Lets try another topic.
Lets try another type of Boolean language.
Lets try another.
Lets try centering some bold text, for example.
Lets try for another.
Lets try for something else here.
Lets try it again.
Lets try it and see what happens.
Lets try it anyway.
Lets try it anyways.
Lets try it now.
Lets try it out.
Lets try it using a milk jug and a pulley and some rope.
Lets try it.
Lets try linking.
Lets try now.
Lets try one more search for images.
Lets try one more time.
Lets try our hand at some thing new.
Lets try our select statement again using the rtrim function.
Lets try playing around with another document method then.
Lets try scaling up.
Lets try short pieces on the home page and links to stories for longer content.
Lets try some grouping of words.
Lets try some guided meditation exercises.
Lets try some links.
Lets try some simple questions and see how the results shake out.
Lets try something a little different with the differential gauge.
Lets try something a little more challenging.
Lets try something else.
Lets try something.
Lets try that again.
Lets try that here.
Lets try the direct approach.
Lets try the following statement.
Lets try the most important step in Pure Culture Methods.
Lets try the NC side.
Lets try the neighborhood mini mart.
Lets try the pencil again.
Lets try the scanner.
Lets try the search again.
Lets try to be a little practical.
Lets try to explain the problem.
Lets try to find a way to let individuals sign up for personal assistance in technology.
Lets try to find out.
Lets try to get a word from christina.
Lets try to get better.
Lets try to get everyone to wallow in it.
Lets try to get that accident ratio down by buckling up and driving safely.
Lets try to help ouer cristian brother.
Lets try to keep an eye out.
Lets try to keep both organizations in touch as much as possible.
Lets try to leave the baby sitting to someone else.
Lets try to make it all a little simpler .
Lets try to make one poor-man's .rpm for the kernel.
Lets try to match it next year.
Lets try to minimize the time involved in actually extracting usefull information from the list.
Lets try to move the humor and fanfic off the main list as soon as possible.
Lets try to offer interesting and perhaps challenging programs.
Lets try to play nice with one another in here.
Lets try to return to be the world's leaders in real job formation.
Lets try to stay out of trouble.
Lets try to understand what was.
Lets try to write nicer words rather than making Iran look so bad.
Lets try two low tech approaches first.
Lets try using 'assets'.
Lets turn it around backwards.
Lets turn now to today's work.
Lets turn our attention to the electrons, which surround the nucleus of the atom.
Lets turn the faucet off now and see what happens.
Lets turn the whole lake into beer.
Lets turn there together.
Lets turn to another book in the Minor Prophets, to the book of Micah.
Lets turn to the Obits.
Lets understand consciousness and how does it affect our spiritual progression.
Lets understand search engines and how they work first.
Lets understand that car dealers are business people.
Lets unite and make our economy strong.
Lets unite and organize a local effort to promote peace.
Lets use a child as an example.
Lets use a familiar example to illustrate some features of the emulator.
Lets use a purely fictitious example.
Lets use a real example using real prices.
Lets use a red scoop dish at mealtime instead of the cream colored cafeteria tray.
Lets use a text area.
Lets use a typical example.
Lets use a wheel, or a joystick for comparison.
Lets use an apartment as an example.
Lets use an example where water is the data and a pipe is the transport method.
Lets use an example with real numbers to illustrate the point.
Lets use an example.
Lets use an issue thats a proven winner.
Lets use annual compounding.
Lets use beans for example.
Lets use Biconic connectors as an example with a SC source.
Lets use biodegradable oils in our personal watercrafts.
Lets use defense and avoidance as an example.
Lets use disease as an example.
Lets use dynamite.
Lets use em.
Lets use fish as an example.
Lets use it now.
Lets use it to defend our world and our lives from corporate power.
Lets use it wisely and for the benefit of the community.
Lets use it.
Lets use milk as an example.
Lets use n for the number of decks of cards.
Lets use our resources creatively.
Lets use smoke grenades.
Lets use some common sense.
Lets use some short names for the entities.
Lets use the dragon as an example.
Lets use the example of the peacock site again.
Lets use the extreme examples here to paint a picture.
Lets use the first two sets of scores.
Lets use the Internet as an example.
Lets use the last table as an example, and break the statements down.
Lets use the notation that aaa is mandatory when it is red .
Lets use the progress of the poem to chart our own poem.
Lets use the search engine page as an example here.
Lets use the table here for the discussion that follows.
Lets use three principal components.
Lets user save personal map-layer and style settings.
Lets verify the source is compiled correctly.
Lets view it as such and keep repression and censorship at a minimum.
Lets visit about the good and bad stuff.
Lets visualize running water.
Lets vote on that, too.
Lets vote on that.
Lets wait and hope.
Lets wait and let the kick be taken and see what happens.
Lets wait and see if bribery works where power had failed.
Lets wait and see what happens and then decide the future course of action.
Lets wait and see what the final product is going to be.
Lets wait and see.
Lets wait for a review.
Lets wait for a while and lay down on the couch, relaxed.
Lets wait for the others to catch up.
Lets wait until next testing.
Lets wake up and standup for the common good.
Lets wake up for future shows.
Lets walk along our path with compassion, devotion, and above all love for our fellow man.
Lets walk down the boardwalk, to the multi-season building.
Lets walk in beauty.
Lets walk over to the computer lab .
Lets walk step by step on a easier way to get paint on the walls.
Lets walk through a very simple example.
Lets walk through different databases.
Lets walk through that now.
Lets walk through that process right now.
Lets walk through the script and understand how a CGI works.
Lets walk through the stored procedure.
Lets walk to that restaurant.
Lets watch the chain grow.
Lets watch the movement of the Sunspots.
Lets webmaster delete any guest comments at any time.
Lets wheel out the boys and push tem down the slope of truth.
Lets whittle it down some more.
Lets win two more games and win a championship.
Lets wish our sportin.
Lets work as a group for better trade-in rates or advertise within the group.
Lets work as a team, have some fun and play hard.
Lets work as a team.
Lets work for one cause and stick to it.
Lets work in a bipartisan fashion to get it done.
Lets work in moles because that is a practical unit.
Lets work offline to figure out how to force background at bottom.
Lets work on a hypothetical installation.
Lets work on firming up the specs and ironing out differences.
Lets work on it.
Lets work on the hindge next.
Lets work our way from the inside out.
Lets work safely.
Lets work through the issues here.
Lets work together and build the basis of a new paradigm, enlightened business model.
Lets work together and dismiss heron vomit,stagg semen etc etc.
Lets work together and make it a reality.
Lets work together and save our world.
Lets work together as a group to get major discounts from national suppliers.
Lets work together as a team for a Republican Georgia.
Lets work together as a team.
Lets work together for a cleaner environment.
Lets work together for a solution, To put an end to water pollution.
Lets work together on the opportunities that are here.
Lets work together rather than trying to force solutions on each other that limit.
Lets work together to bring meaningful traffic to our diverse community member websites.
Lets work together to build a better track and field future.
Lets work together to ensure a safe environment for everyone.
Lets work together to fulfill our mission by being an ever more welcoming church.
Lets work together to keep our environment safe.
Lets work together to keep the Folk Art Chat Room a fun and friendly place to be.
Lets work together to make our community strong.
Lets work together to make our presence known.
Lets work together to make shopping on-line easier.
Lets work together to raise standards in education.
Lets work together.
Lets work two examples, to see the markup.
Lets work up a system using air power and see what falls out.
Lets work with an example.
LETS work with main economy.
Lets wrap it up on a positive note.
Lets write a function that determines if there is an obstacle in the way.
Lets write a function to return the minimum and the maximum value.
Lets write a simple program that lists all the chunks in a mission file and store their offsets.
Lets write all the power chords for the E minor key.
Lets write and express our opinions with truth.
Lets write characters in or out, change situations, re-do the entire premise of the show.
Lets write it down.
Lets write RSAEncodeNum which encodes a single large number by computing mod n .
Lets write some code to insert data to the table.
Lets zoom for a closer look.
Lets zoom in at the roots.
Lets zoom to the present.
Lets always strive to satisfy our customers, profitably.
Letcher hands do it.
Letdown is dissatisfaction
Letdowns are very important in pumping.
A lethal agent is an agent
Lethal agents produce death in all or most victims.
Lethal alleles are always recessive.
Lethal alleles can be dominant or recessive, but mor often they are recessive.
Lethal alleles can be either recessive, dominant and can be either autosomal , sex linked.
Lethal alleles result in modified ratios among surviving foals.
Lethal alleles violate the rules of Mendelian inheritance.
Lethal concentration is applied only to airborne concentrations.
Lethal concentration is taken into the body through inhalation of airborne toxic chemicals.
Lethal control has the longest history but has major drawbacks.
Lethal control is the last resort.
Lethal currents are present on and in the DC fuse panels.
Lethal damage comes from guns, bladed weapons, or other similar types of weapons.
Lethal dehydration is a frequent concomitant in very young children.
A lethal dose is a dose
Lethal dose is unlikely.
Lethal force is a last resort.
Lethal force is eschewed, but force of any other kind is maximized.
Lethal genes are known in mice, fruit flies, human beings, in certain plants, etc.
Lethal injection is currently the most-used method.
Lethal injection is far less painful than a pickax.
Lethal injection is much too kind.
Lethal injection is no less a human rights violation than electrocution.
Lethal injection is now sole the method of execution.
Lethal injection is now the primary method of execution in Tennessee.
Lethal injection is supposed to be a kindly process for the condemned.
Lethal injection is the method most used for execution in America.
Lethal injection is the method of execution in Pennsylvania.
Lethal injection is the most common means of execution in the United States.
Lethal injection is the most used method of capital punishment today.
Lethal injection is the presumed method of execution in Washington state.
Lethal injection is too easy.
Lethal injection is used if the inmate fails to choose.
Lethal injection is used in only a handful of countries.
Lethal injections are capital punishment.
Lethal methods are sometimes necessary to increase the effectiveness of a management program.
Lethal methods consist of hunting the adult geese and oiling, shaking, or puncturing goose eggs.
Lethal microbe rampages around globe.
Lethal mutations are also possible.
Lethal saucers are the weapons.
Lethal violence is a distinctively American problem.
Lethality is a relative term.
Lethality is associated with inappropriate empirical antibiotic treatment.
Lethality is morbidity
Lethality refers to the likelihood of death resulting from the act in the immediate or near future.
Lethality reflects the relative ease with which an agent causes death in a susceptible population.
Most lethargic organizations study things and study things and study things.
Lethargy becomes apparent.
Lethargy is always a sign of poor health.
Lethargy is torpor
Lethargy leads to retrogression.
Letheen broth neutralizes halogen, quaternary ammonium, and acid sanitizers.
Lets agents control and manipulate remote PCs for effective problem resolution.
LETS credits are units that communities use to measure the value of exchanges.
LETS members offer a variety of services.
Letter boards have a anodized aluminum frame.
A letter bomb is a bomb
Most letter bombs use a mechanical detonation system rather than an electrical one.
A letter box is a box
Letter boxes have a solid back and a fully hinged front door.
A letter carrier is an employee
Letter carrier is preferred to postman, people to mankind, chairperson to chairman.
Letter carriers are in the dangerous situation of having a job that can be legislated away.
Letter carriers are located in post offices.
Letter carriers can show walkers the quickest way to reach the maximum number of voters on a street.
Letter carriers haul a very full pack Of letters and packages upon their back.
Letter carriers watch mailboxes for signs of trouble.
A letter case is a case
Letter case is ignored in all character comparisons, but case is preserved in string constants.
Letter case is important.
Letter case is very important.
Letter cases are cases.
Letter D denotes the location of possible old debris-flow deposits on the canyon floor.
Letter E marks the location of fan deposits at the mouths of tributaries.
Letter E rejects a late claim.
Letter forms are part of the admission application.
Letter forms can be very thin illumination can even be fluorescent or incandescent.
Letter grade is given.
Letter grade requires a project approved by instructor.
Letter grades appear on official transcripts.
Letter grades are determined according to the following criteria.
Letter grades are determined from the number grades.
Letter grades are determined only at the end of the course, based on the final weighted average.
Letter grades are highly recommended for all courses.
Letter grades are issues for all academic core courses.
Letter grades are to be obtained in all courses.
Letter grades begin in fourth grade.
Letter grades can be counterfeit coins.
Letter grades contribute the following point values.
Letter grades have the following assigned numerical ranges.
Letter grades have their place in the educational system.
Letter grades tend to have emotional associations that point totals lack.
Letter grades translate into grade points for each class.
Letter home describes life in camp.
Letter mail is simply a message service.
Letter mail takes one to two weeks, and parcels can take up to three weeks.
All letter mail posted locally is treated as first class.
Letter names are, in most cases, good clues to letter sound associations.
Letter names help children connect print and speech.
Letter names help children to connect print and speech.
Letters of commitment are due.
Letter of credit is a document
Letter of credit is credit
Letters of credit are also available on the Internet with allfirst.
Letters of credit are available in lieu of refunds.
Letters of credit are laden with performance requirements established by the importer.
Letters of credit are normal with new companies.
Letters of credit are the aging ladies of trade.
Letters of credit are the most commonly used mode of payment.
Letters of credit are very cumbersome and expensive.
Letters of credit can be time-consuming and expensive for the buyer to obtain.
Letters of credit have an old and long established history.
Letters of credit have many uses in shifting credit risk and providing liquidity.
Letters of credit is credit.
Letters of credit is documents.
Most letters of credit are documentary.
Letters of inquiry are open to any organization that wishes to be considered.
Letters of inquiry are the recommended initial step.
Letters of inquiry are welcome at any time .
Letters of inquiry have no deadlines and are accepted throughout the year.
Letter of intent is a letter
Letters of intent are due one month prior to each application receipt date.
Letters of intent are preliminary written understandings meant to be the basis for a contract.
Letters of intent are subject to the closing of definitive agreements.
Letters of intent can take more than a month to negotiate and are generally nonbinding in any event.
Letters of intent facilitate the negotiation of complex deals.
Letters of intent is letters.
Letter of recommendation complete the standard procedures.
Letters of recommendation accompany each profile.
Letters of recommendation are a critical part of the academic job search process.
Letters of recommendation are also an important consideration.
Letters of recommendation are also critical.
Letters of recommendation are also extremely important.
Letters of recommendation are also important in the application process.
Letters of recommendation are also very important.
Letters of recommendation are also welcome.
Letters of recommendation are always available upon request.
Letters of recommendation are available upon request.
Letters of recommendation are crucially important at every career stage.
Letters of recommendation are essential for evaluation of an applicant.
Letters of recommendation are extremely important.
Letters of recommendation are important.
Letters of recommendation are nonreturnable and nontransferable.
Letters of recommendation are now available to applicants for their review.
Letters of recommendation are often extremely important.
Letters of recommendation are often late, making a full consideration more difficult.
Letters of recommendation are on file and available upon request.
Letters of recommendation are optional and are limited to a maximum of three per application.
Letters of recommendation are optional but strongly recommended.
Letters of recommendation are optional.
Letters of recommendation are strongly encouraged.
Letters of recommendation are the main sources of such information.
Letters of recommendation are to be mailed directly by the authors.
Letters of recommendation are to be sent as part of the secondary application.
Letters of recommendation are to be sent out directly by faculty members.
Letters of recommendation are tricky things.
Letters of recommendation are unnecessary.
Letters of recommendation are useful in evaluating applicants.
Letters of recommendation are very important.
Letters of recommendation are welcome and resumes are encouraged.
Letters of recommendation are welcome.
Letters of recommendation can carry a huge amount of weight.
Letters of recommendation can in some cases have a significant effect on the admission decision.
Letters of recommendation go only to the department.
Letters of Recommendation Make a list of recommenders.
Letters of recommendation play a significant role in the decision making process.
Letters of recommendation require a great deal of effort.
All letters of recommendation are available for inspection.
Letter of reference can be in English.
Letters of reference are also acceptable.
Letters of reference are always an obstacle for re-entering candidates.
Letters of reference are available upon request.
Letters of reference are important in the hiring process.
Letters of reference are most important.
Letters of reference are to be completed on the forms provided.
Letters of reference are veryimportant in the application process.
Letters of reference are welcome as attachments.
Letters of reference play an especially crucial role in the admission process.
Letters of reference submitted on behalf of the applicants are also confidential data.
All letters of reference are to be sent by the referees directly to the chair of the department.
All letters of request are date-stamped.
Letters of thanks is an occasional column to accommodate such letters.
A letter opener is a knife
Letter opener is a perfect office, executive or corporate gift.
Letter poems can start with a greeting.
Letter size can go up to approx.
Letter sizes are approximate.
All letter winners are eligible to participate in the organization.
A letter writer is a communicator
Letter writer says president to blame for economic downturn.
Letter writers are generally limited to one appearance every two months.
Letter writers are limited to one letter per month.
Letter writers are limited to one per month.
Letter writers are limited to one publication per month.
Letter writers are limited to one published submission per calendar month.
Letter writers express life-long fears of going broke again.
Letter writers have the option of submitting letters on department or professional letterhead.
Any letter writer is eligible.
Many letter writers ask one or more specific questions.
Most letter writers can put the letter on a computer disk and supply extra copies easily.
Most letter writers place the blame for today's disorderly students squarely on parents' shoulders.
A letter is a document
A letter is text
Letter also addresses concerns regarding the same pre-emption over cable franchising issues.
Letter also discusses military education and faculty.
Letter also discusses various aspects of management and finances.
Letter answer only with no explanations.
Letter appears busy or boring.
Letter appears on front page.
Letter attempts to justify failure to declare nuclear materials.
Letter attempts to justify failure to declare uranium enrichment programs.
Letter beads to create name necklaces.
Letter begins with introductory paragraph and ends with closing and signature.
Letter brings good news.
Letter can and do influence and change public policy.
Letter carries no postal rate markings.
Letter check until little cake though varies alabama apparel.
Letter cites numerous statistics on annual tobacco related deaths.
Letter concerns a baby.
Letter consider along any paintball.
Letter contains a request to remember the author in prayers.
Letter contains all necessary information.
Letter contains all three comonents.
Letter contains at least one component.
Letter contains information on contraindications as well as the warning above.
Letter contains news of home.
Letter contains several references to various members of the Elder family.
Letter contains two concepts.
Letter conveys appropriate meaning, clearly and effectively.
Letter counts vs. phoneme counts.
Letter describes regimental drilling and is a request for news from home.
Letter discusses getting a commission, a possible leave home and life in camp.
Letter ends a toxic friendship.
Letter ends here.
Letter follows in confirmation.
Letter frequencies One of the best clues to solving cryptograms is the letter frequencies.
Letter Get to know the latest and the best in the world of travel.
Letter Go to . . .
Letter goes out to Haycock community.
Letter grades grades are worth the following points.
Letter grades including plus and minus.
Letter grades influence the public's perception of a school, either positive or negative.
Letter grades on the draft and final versions contribute the following point values.
Letter grades on the midterm exam are approximate.
Letter grades only.
Letter happen via that crew next interest gammalink.
Letter has at least introductory paragraph with one additional paragraph.
Letter has more than one paragraph providing details about the Native American group selected.
Letter has one paragraph with poorly prepared topic sentence.
Letter has proper address, return address, subject, and salutation.
Letter includes colored self-caricature by Beerbohm.
Letter includes heading, greeting, body, closing, and signature.
Letter includes instructions for formatting a protest to immigration authorities.
Letter includes names of professional mathematicians and scientists who endorsed the letter.
Letter includes several fonts, the Greek alphabet and many mathematical symbols.
Letter indicates reservoir.
Letter is a secondary meaning.
Letter is a written or printed communication addressed to someone and sent through the post.
Letter is accompanied by cover.
Letter is adopted, sent.
Letter is answered with response.
Letter is available here .
Letter is complete with all required elements.
Letter is composed for a specific position or particular company.
Letter is concise.
Letter is convincing.
Letter is crinckled in upper right corner otherwise fine.
Letter is error free.
Letter is fairly convincing.
Letter is here .
Letter is highly complimentary to our program.
Letter is in file.
Letter is in good condition.
Letter is in HTML format , so a connection to the internet is required while viewing it.
Letter is in response to an autograph request.
Letter is inadequate with significant misconceptions and absence of key ideas.
Letter is incomplete.
Letter is invoice for wood cut, hauled, and delivered, stating that check is enclosed.
Letter is neat and contains no grammatical or spelling errors.
Letter is neat and contains one - two grammatical or spelling errors.
Letter is neat and contains three - five grammatical or spelling errors.
Letter is perfect.
Letter is polite, positive and offers constructive ideas.
Letter is posted on the bulletin board in the upper hall.
Letter is Preferable.
Letter is rude and demanding.
Letter is sent to consultant and owner detailing conditions of approval.
Letter is short.
Letter is signed by a hand that vanishes.
Letter is signed by company manager, other than applicant.
Letter is subject to changes based on outside aid, verifications, etc.
Letter is tailored to the specific company and requirements.
Letter is the innd command-line option to set, and value is the new value.
Letter is the personal, essential element.
Letter is well-written.
Letter is written in the student's own words.
Letter is written on both sides of paper.
Letter is written, waiting on a reorder of stationery.
Letter isa artifact.
Letter isa text.
Letter needs to link to the last section.
Letter notes date of birth.
Letter provides name of wife.
Letter re new mailing address.
Letter requests the addressees to remember the author in their prayers.
Letter shows an understanding of the issues and defends position with a few examples.
Letter shows folds, normal aging, slight chipping at right border and upper left corner.
Letter shows no sign of being proofread.
Letter spacing now displays correctly.
Letter stipulating valid period of dewatering and additional requirements is issued to applicant.
Letter tells which jug, scent or color to use.
Letter turns red when device is down.
Letter warns of pull-tag dangers.
Letter writing doesn t have to be a lost art.
Letter writing instead of calling is encouraged.
Letter writing only takes place between breaks in the action.
Letter writing to congress still works.
Letters accompany many of the pictorial items and explain historical background and origination.
Letters accompany the assortment of unlucky souvenirs.
Letters address the topics of nature, the environment, maps, laws and explorers.
Letters addressing general U.S. and global population are helpful.
Letters allow parents to make a good impression and tell their side of the story.
Letters also keep communication on a more personal level between leadership and donor.
Letters also mention many cases of suicide of Russian women and men.
Letters also requests a meeting, and offers to pay expenses at the same rate as for court witnesses.
Letters -Alternate alternatives.
Letters answer enquiries and accompanied copies of reports.
Letters appear at a rate that is carefully synchronized with classical music.
Letters appear in both upper and lower case form.
Letters appear on all four sides of each block.
Letters appear on the screen in large print.
Letters appear on the sides of the screen and change when the top paddle is hit.
Letters appear regularly, supporting some aspect of individual freedom.
Letters appearing here do so by permission of the writer.
Letters appearing on the screen are different to the keyboard keys.
Letters are a fairly simple model.
Letters are a family's lifelines to sanity.
Letters are a great joy.
Letters are a tool of oppression.
Letters are a valuable source to the historian even when written by non-famous people.
Letters are a very intimate method of correspondence.
Letters are a very personal form of communication.
Letters are a very valuable source of historical information.
Letters are almost ready to be mailed.
Letters are also more detailed.
Letters are also subject to the editorial policy stated in the masthead.
Letters are also welcome.
Letters are always interesting.
Letters are an especially effective way to learn about both historic figures and everyday people.
Letters are an important form of contact.
Letters are an insufficient means to feel the warmth of the relationship.
Letters are available to invite people to participate as a judge.
Letters are available upon request.
Letters are awards.
Letters are best, but phone messages, faxes, e-mail needs to go.
Letters are better than phone calls because letters are tangible connections to home.
Letters are better.
Letters Are Better.
Letters are black unless otherwise requested.
Letters are case insensitive.
Letters are case sensitive .
Letters are case-sensitive.
Letters are characters.
Letters are cheap.
Letters are cheaper than phone calls, they tend to be more personal, and can make great keepsakes.
Letters are chiefly about family matters.
Letters are chiefly about routine family and school affairs.
Letters are completely private between writer and Santa.
Letters are culture.
Letters are doctrine.
Letters are documents.
Letters are due judicial respect according to their care and completeness in logic.
Letters are easy and lots of players get letters.
Letters are easy to address, obeying an agreed convention, and easy to put in a letter box.
Letters are fine.
Letters are for and by readers.
Letters are for fast publication of new and interesting results, limited to six printed pages.
Letters are for identification purposes only.
Letters are forever.
Letters are formal in tone and addressed to an individual.
Letters are from both from training camp and the European front.
Letters are fusible.
Letters are generally about family life and personal business.
Letters are generally about family matters and personal business.
Letters are generally one typed page.
Letters are gold outlined with glitter.
Letters are good but video convinces.
Letters are good ice-breakers, but they are easily set aside.
Letters are good, but calls are better.
Letters are great.
Letters are hand-written and delivered in person.
Letters are important, even critical, to influence legislation.
Letters are important.
Letters are in chronological order.
Letters are in French.
Letters are in gradual blends to train proper eye tracking.
Letters are in the mail to administrators with registration info for new accounts.
Letters are in upper case.
Letters are ink smudged.
Letters are intensely personal statements.
Letters are like a lottery.
Letters are limited to one per month per writer.
Letters are limited to one per writer per month.
Letters are limited to two pages.
Letters are literal interpretations.
Letters are located in alphabets.
Letters are located in drawers.
Letters are located in envelopes.
Letters are located in front doors.
Letters are located in mail boxs.
Letters are located in mail.
Letters are located in newspapers.
Letters are located in post offices.
Letters are located in suitcases.
Letters are lowercase, with no spaces or dashes between the numbers.
Letters are made of paper.
Letters are mainly in English, but there is also some correspondence in French.
Letters are more durable and less likely to be mislaid.
Letters are more effective if sent before a vote on legislation.
Letters are mostly concerned with membership status.
Letters are much more effective if they are written in a respectful, polite way.
Letters are name of block-station.
Letters are narrower and shaped differently.
Letters are now in possession of editor.
Letters are one and one quarter inches tall, placed in straight lines.
Letters are one of the best means to influence elected officials.
Letters are one of the most important tools in advocacy.
Letters are only subject to editing for clarity and grammar.
Letters are only subject to editing for clarity, house style and grammar.
Letters are optional for all other applicants.
Letters are out naming the recipients of the service awards.
Letters are owners.
Letters are papers.
Letters are part of alphabets.
Letters are part of correspondence.
Letters are part of mail.
Letters are part of our environment, like grass, like cars, like other people.
Letters are part of spelling.
Letters are part of syllables.
Letters are part of words.
Letters are pilin' up something fearful.
Letters are prepared only if the individual is shown in the assessment roll.
Letters are pre-spaced and have an application tape over the entire surface.
Letters are primarily requests for death certificates of soldiers who died during Civil War.
Letters are primarily with various real estate firms.
Letters are printed on first-come, first serve basis.
Letters are quite easy, newspapers are moderately difficult and litterature is the most difficult.
Letters are real funny things.
Letters are removable and in primary colors.
Letters are required to have a valid return address.
Letters are scarcer than they used to be.
Letters are short papers that undergo a more rapid review and publication.
Letters are small and the bright blue used to show rivers and bodies of water is shocking.
Letters are small but legible.
Letters are so much easier.
Letters are still helpful.
Letters are still one of a firm's main means of communication with the outside world.
Letters are still the most effective method for communicating with legislators.
Letters are subject to an editorial examination faster than papers.
Letters are subject to condensation and standard editing.
Letters are subject to condensation.
Letters are subject to current editorial policy with respect to publication in part or in full.
Letters are subject to editing and abridgement.
Letters are subject to editing and abridging.
Letters are subject to editing and condensation.
Letters are subject to editing and editorial comment.
Letters are subject to editing for brevity and clarity.
Letters are subject to editing for brevity, clarity, legality and taste.
Letters are subject to editing for clarity and length.
Letters are subject to editing for clarity, language and space.
Letters are subject to editing for clarity, legal, and space considerations.
Letters are subject to editing for clarity, style, accuracy, space, and propriety.
Letters are subject to editing for clarity, style, and length.
Letters are subject to editing for grammar, style, language, libel, and lenght.
Letters are subject to editing for grammar, style, language, libel, and length.
Letters are subject to editing for length and clarity.
Letters are subject to editing for length, clarity and taste.
Letters are subject to editing for length, grammar and style.
Letters are subject to editing for length, style and decorum.
Letters are subject to editing for length.
Letters are subject to editing for space.
Letters are subject to editing for style and space at the editor's discretion.
Letters are subject to editing for style, brevity and taste as deemed necessary by the editor.
Letters are subject to editing for style, clarity, and length.
Letters are subject to editing for style, length, grammar and libelous material.
Letters are subject to editing for style, length, grammar, and libelous material.
Letters are subject to editing.
Letters are subject to review.
Letters are symbols and are very abstract for young children.
Letters are symbols for energy.
Letters are symbols which turn matter into spirit.
Letters are symbols.
Letters are symbols.
Letters are text.
Letters are the elements of written language.
Letters are the last things managed to be scribbled or ascribed.
Letters are the most common type of documents found in documentary editions.
Letters are the ownership of Europe.
Letters are the personal opinion of the readers of the paper .
Letters are the second most important resource.
Letters are three inches high.
Letters are to address academic performance, activities, and potential for academic success.
Letters are to address academic performance, activities, and potential for success.
Letters are to be addressed to the Graduate Dean.
Letters are to be analyzed for sincerety and figurative language.
Letters are to be rescinded and gag order removed.
Letters are to be sent directly to the headquarters office.
Letters are to be sent out to potential booth and space renters.
Letters are to be sent soon to the electees and non-electees.
Letters are to be submitted on official letterhead stationery and signed by the referee.
Letters are to be used only for continuing education.
Letters are to be written in the thick of finals, which is a hassle for students.
Letters are to family and friends.
Letters are to family members.
Letters are to speak to the applicant's potential to complete the graduate program.
Letters are to, from, and about family members.
Letters are together in chronological order by year, month, and day.
Letters are too slow, telephone calls and faxes too expensive.
Letters are unanswered and phone numbers are changed.
Letters are unique among the styles.
Letters are used for alphabets.
Letters are used for communication.
Letters are used for greets.
Letters are used for marketing.
Letters are used for posts.
Letters are used for reading.
Letters are used for spells.
Letters are used to describe parts of echinoderms.
Letters are useful as a means of expressing the ideal self. . . .
Letters are usually in response to a local issue of importance or a recent article or editorial.
Letters are usually the best way for individuals to lobby the governor and legislative leaders.
Letters are variable, numbers are constant.
Letters are very important for politicians to gauge the depth of public interest in an issue.
Letters are very welcome.
Letters are welcome, and subject to the same standards.
Letters are welcome.
Letters are what get filed and passed around when it comes to explaining what happened.
Letters are wonderful treasures to keep.
Letters are word processed, students get computer generated timetables, and so on.
Letters are written by women.
Letters arrive each week from all parts of the world.
Letters arrive every forenoon at eleven, and are despatched every morning at seven.
Letters arrive from a disturbed fan.
Letters arrive in about a week and packages arrive in two to three weeks.
Letters arrive twice daily, and are then logged in.
Letters arriving unsigned go straight into the trash.
Letters assigning temporary PINs to customers are on their way.
Letters bang like denmark room bang.
Letters become a part of the faculty file.
Letters begat phone calls.
Letters begin to come in day following registrations and come enough often.
Letters c.t.a. and d.b.n., form.
Letters can also include a picture of the author and a sentence describing the author's occupation.
Letters can appear in more than one word.
Letters can be a valuable piece of history.
Letters can be a warm-up to a good performance, which, in turn, leads to repeat performances.
Letters can be about anything.
Letters can be an important form of contact.
Letters can be any length.
Letters can be anything from adhesive vinyl to paint, metal, plastic or wood.
Letters can be either upper or lower case.
Letters can be from coaches, athletic director, principal etc.
Letters can be from employers or faculty.
Letters can be from individuals, groups, SILCs, etc.
Letters can be hand-drawn or copied from any number of clip art books.
Letters can be hand-written or typed.
Letters can be helpful when they illuminate or underscore other information in the application.
Letters can be impersonal.
Letters can be in English.
Letters can be powerful.
Letters can be referral, staff or patient.
Letters can be send via local Colombian human rights organizations.
Letters can be uppercase and lowercase.
Letters can be very effective, even if only a few sentences long.
Letters can change lives.
Letters can come from professors, project directors, employers etc.
Letters can expand upon the facts in the article, correct any mistakes or add some last minute news.
Letters can go in the top slit.
Letters can go to the wrong address.
Letters can include references to earlier mailings or contacts.
Letters can make someone's day.
Letters can range widely in their degree of formality and complexity.
Letters can sometime take longer depending of the weather.
Letters can suggest new perspectives to the writers and editors who shape the news.
Letters can take two weeks to go in one direction, although they maintain a tradition of quaintness.
Letters capture heartfelt and personal feelings that other forms of communication sometimes lack.
Letters ccliv. and ccxlv.
Letters ccxi., lxiii.
Letters chiefly contain news of conditions faced by the family in Mississippi.
Letters cii., ccxxvii.
Letters clog the box again.
Letters combine historical allusions and doctrinal ideas with metaphors and arguments.
Letters come and go like the best bridge in town.
Letters come and go.
Letters come dressed up as important-sounding policy surveys.
Letters come from all over the world.
Letters come from boys and from gray-haired men.
Letters come from friends and relatives in Indiana and New York.
Letters come in assorted colors.
Letters come in two forms, upper and lower case.
Letters comment briefly on findings of interest or on publications in the journal.
Letters commenting on any issues in Riposte are most welcome.
Letters complain of inappropriate intrusions by the board of trustees.
Letters consist of ca.
Letters constitute the bulk of the material.
Letters correspond to chart.
Letters correspond to driving tour sites and numbers correspond to the walking tour ones.
Letters cover all business and professional correspondence.
Letters crash onto the hall floor with their weight of intelligence and junk.
Letters cxlivi, clvii., and clviii.
Letters cxx. and ccxxi.
Letters cxx., cxxi.
Letters deal chiefly with family affairs and news of romances among friends and relatives.
Letters deal with publishing and translating of papers and other professional matters.
Letters Debate on genetic counseling, scholars war over Israel's early years.
Letters describe the area, give prices for land, slaves, and products, and mention family news.
Letters designate specific inlets and estuaries discussed in the text.
Letters differ from cards in that they have an envelope.
Letters disappear all the time.
Letters discuss activities of the correspondents and of mutual friends.
Letters discuss contemporary Spanish literature and personal matters.
Letters discuss education, politics, religion, and local and personal news.
Letters discuss financial concerns of the school.
Letters discuss financial contributions for conference, planning of conferences.
Letters do go astray sometimes.
Letters do have an effect.
Letters do make a difference.
Letters do on extend above or below the line.
Letters do really count.
Letters do work.
Letters drop from the sky, and players have to click on the correct position of each letter.
Letters exist which document one lines migration from Missouri to California.
Letters expire sixteen months after the date of issue.
Letters explaining why the nominee is especially deserving are also welcome.
Letters express opinion of the writers.
Letters expressing deep gratitude and begging for more Bibles continue to come in.
Letters expressing support to the project from local entities are welcome.
Letters facilitate the rapid publication of important research in all branches of organic chemistry.
Letters fall from the top of the screen.
Letters fall to the bottom of the screen.
Letters feel rigid, appear uneven or lopsided, or are bulkier than normal.
Letters figure prominently in the novel.
Letters Find out what our readers think.
Letters fit into place neatly on the black surface of each board.
Letters fit neatly on the black surface of each board.
Letters flood through the internet supporting the magazine.
Letters follow strict typographical rules, moving away from calligraphical style.
Letters following store names indicate which items are discounted.
Letters following the AN designation numbers provide added information about the equipment.
Letters following the docket number refer to the type of brief.
Letters Get help writing effective employment-related letters, including cover letters.
Letters get in and out of the story, with the emphasis on one or two specific sex scenes.
Letters get things done better than e-mails so please take the time to write a small one.
Letters get through.
Letters get to the actors so much easier through the theatre than through an agent.
Letters go from left to right and numbers from bottom to top.
Letters go in the orange boxes around the city.
Letters go neither below the line or above the middle of the line.
Letters go out immediately to the Great and Unacceptable groups.
Letters go unanswered, calls unreturned.
Letters go unanswered.
Letters happen in and as poems, plays, philosophy, novels.
Letters have (part) chapters.
Letters have (part) paragraphs.
Letters have (part) postcodes.
Letters have (part) sections.
Letters have (part) word order.
Letters have a greater chance of being accepted if they are concise and courteous.
Letters have a unique format.
Letters have links to the cairns.
Letters have more political clout than phone calls.
Letters have names.
Letters have sounds and names.
Letters have stories.
Letters have the same size and orientation, and sit on the smae baseline.
Letters have to be 'dropped' to the right row until the message makes sense.
Letters have, for the most part, been arranged alphabetically by name of person or organization.
Letters help the missionary feel supported and connected to the people who they have left behind.
Letters here refer to the first word in a title.
Letters highlighted in yellow are o n-line.
Letters hint at secret meanings.
Letters indicate location of each station.
Letters indicate redundant nodes.
Letters indicate requirements on the platform.
Letters indicate room use.
Letters indicate significant differences between community treatments within a litter type.
Letters indicate the areas examined most extensively.
Letters indicate the level of protective equipment to wear.
Letters Indicates that the item is a single letter or collection of correspondence.
Letters infer a non-official patch.
Letters involving the execution of stems and loops in the upper zone are b, d, f, h, k, l, t .
Letters is a rather standard letters column as well.
Letters is an open forum for our readers.
Letters ix., xxvii.
Letters jump to that entry in the address book.
Letters keep appearing in the dailies.
Letters Keep it to one page, short, neat, to the point, and above all polite.
Letters Keep letters brief, to one page if possible.
Letters keep politicians and bureaucrats very busy and the issues in their faces.
Letters letters letters.
Letters link in different ways.
Letters looking for entitlements for an individual are never successful.
Letters lxxii. and lxxiii.
Letters make a more lasting impression.
Letters make a person feel special.
Letters make communications clearer.
Letters make it to places better than tamper-tempting parcels.
Letters make the alphabet, but they are manmade.
Letters make the most impact.
Letters match sleeve and collar.
Letters mean the world to prisoners.
Letters mingle souls.
Letters Note the satisfaction and appreciation expressed in the letters.
Letters notes and phone calls are welcome.
Letters only come in upper case.
Letters out are poor quality.
Letters overwrite the edit control's edges Excellent control.
Letters Pass it On Thanks for the free magazine.
Letters play Rose Vines finds out about being a writer.
Letters pray on stones.
Letters provide a familiar medium within which to express concerns, raise questions, explore ideas.
Letters provide a forum where a range of views can be shared.
Letters provide a lesser discount than which the school filed and deserves.
Letters provide an excellent way to reconnect with tenants who are disgruntled.
Letters provide details of rural life in Missouri.
Letters provide information.
Letters provides a stimulating forum for comment and contraversial views.
Letters providing further details regarding a patient's presentation and history are welcome.
Letters re references for jobs and papers.
Letters reach a wide audience.
Letters read and delegates enrolled.
Letters read of all.
Letters read, received and the brethern discharged.
Letters receive first priority.
Letters refer to ABET a-k criteria.
Letters refer to areas into which the colony has been arbitrarily divided for study.
Letters refer to handouts available at the philosophy department or in class.
Letters refer to mission work, local customs, and politics.
Letters referring to the settlement of government claims ca.
Letters regarding printing of annual and biennial reports are the most common.
Letters relate difficulties in early days of coffee-planting, methods, wages and finance generally.
Letters represent previously identified WGDs.
Letters represent the fractions used in the radioreceptorassay.
Letters represent the fragment pattern generated by each restriction enzyme.
Letters represent thematic material.
Letters requesting a definitive statement about participation are pending to No.
Letters requesting additional documentation begins.
Letters requesting either cassettes or the written text, are, as before, received regularly.
Letters requesting information often bring no response.
Letters require two weeks advance notice.
Letters reveal what kids think is important.
Letters run together.
Letters say a request is denied because the number is unpublished.
Letters score as shown.
Letters seem to offer the greatest impact, however, email messages are also effective.
Letters sent by email or facsimile are fine.
Letters sent by relatives are often subject to lengthy delays.
Letters serve as a great morale builder.
Letters serve as historical documents, a window into the lives of people from the past.
Letters Set up a business letter in an acceptable style.
Letters shift according to the percentage specified.
Letters show dates, names of parties involved, provisions and terms, and signatures.
Letters show section starting with that letter.
Letters soliciting sponsors for the fishing tournament are ready.
Letters speak for themselves.
Letters specify major cold periods with A equal to the Little Ice Age.
Letters specify the type of valve, but there appears to be no consistency of coding.
Letters stand for speech sounds.
Letters start a new description in the appointment book, numbers launch the time picker.
Letters start a new todo or a new memo in their respective apps.
Letters still put forward the best first impression.
Letters survive and provide some details of the family in Pennsylvania.
Letters take a week to ten days to North America.
Letters take a week to ten days to reach North America.
Letters take about a week to reach Europe.
Letters take about seven to ten days to reach Europe by airmail.
Letters take an eternity and are being monitored as well as the phone, well, that is, when it works.
Letters take at least a day.
Letters take at least two week going and coming.
Letters take too long and phone calls quickly become too expensive.
Letters talk about many civil war battles including Chancellorsville.
Letters Teach children to notice and report threats It has happened again.
Letters tend to fill-in or touch with the smaller type sizes.
Letters then designate the part's style.
Letters travel through the air.
Letters typically summarize important results to be published later at greater length.
Letters use parallel structure to stress points equally important.
Letters verifying vocational experience are on file there.
Letters viii. and li.
Letters Visit our sister organizations ' sites.
Letters Visit our sister organizations' sites.
Letters Welcome from friend or foe alike.
Letters Welder electrical safety training.
Letters work a lot too.
Letters work better than E-mail but please do one or the other.
Letters Write a letter to the editor.
Letters Write in to the South Wales Argus.
Letters Writing good cover letters is critical for conducting an effective job search.
Letters written at the workplace are basically informative, polite and concise.
Letters written by a person are the clearest window into their soul.
Letters written by hand are less likely to be form letters and show a commitment of time.
Letters written by professional superiors, colleagues or former professors are acceptable.
Letters written by soldiers demonstrate universal emotions and priorities.
Letters written by soldiers to their families demonstrate universal emotions and priorities.
Letters written by various other orthodox individuals also never see the light of day.
Letters written for residency applications are acceptable.
Letters written from the heart can be most effective.
Letters written in braille are also a vital tool of communication.
Letters written in the area give a detailed picture of every day life during the time.
Letters xxxii., xcvi.
Letters xxxviii. and xcii.
Letters always come first regardless of the type of vehicle for personalized plates.
Letters often get no reply.
Letters often represent more than one phoneme.
All letter are in lower case.
All letters accepted are subject to editing.
All letters are above the line.
All letters are autograph.
All letters are available for the youth to read after the ceremony.
All letters are available in their original form.
All letters are case sensitive.
All letters are devoted to progressive causes.
All letters are easily customizable.
All letters are equally important when they are used on different occasions.
All letters are free of charge.
All letters are gold.
All letters are Gold.
All letters are in capitals and are in a style in keeping with the traditional look of the bell.
All letters are in plastic binders.
All letters are in red, with a red border set on a black background.
All letters are lower case, and there are never any spaces or punctuation.
All letters are lower case.
All letters are lowercase.
All letters are lower-case.
All letters are on file in their entirety at our corporate offices.
All letters are optional, however.
All letters are prewritten and addressed.
All letters are subject to abridgment.
All letters are subject to condensation or rejection.
All letters are subject to copyediting.
All letters are subject to discretionary editing for length and style.
All letters are subject to editing and abridgment.
All letters are subject to editing and condensing.
All letters are subject to editing and final approval for publication.
All letters are subject to editing at the discretion of the opinion page editor.
All letters are subject to editing for brevity and clarity.
All letters are subject to editing for brevity, clarity or legality.
All letters are subject to editing for clarity and brevity.
All letters are subject to editing for clarity and length.
All letters are subject to editing for clarity and space.
All letters are subject to editing for clarity or legal problems.
All letters are subject to editing for clarity, length, taste and libel.
ALL letters are subject to editing for clarity, libel and good taste.
All letters are subject to editing for considerations of space, fairness, and clarity.
All letters are subject to editing for grammar and propriety.
All letters are subject to editing for grammar, punctuation, libelous content and length.
All letters are subject to editing for grammar, spelling, length, and libel.
All letters are subject to editing for length and clarity.
All letters are subject to editing for length and for considerations of libel and good taste.
All letters are subject to editing for length and libel.
All letters are subject to editing for length and style.
All letters are subject to editing for length, clarity, libel and good taste.
All letters are subject to editing for reasons of space, clarity, libel and taste.
All letters are subject to editing for space and redundancy .
All letters are subject to editing for space considerations and libel concerns.
All letters are subject to editing for space requirements and clarity.
All letters are subject to editing for space, fairness and good taste.
All letters are subject to editing for space, grammar and, on occasion, factual accuracy.
All letters are subject to editing for style and length.
All letters are subject to editing for style, clarity and length.
All letters are subject to editing for style, length, and clarity.
All letters are subject to editing to enhance clarity and accommodate space requirements.
All letters are subject to editing with the author's approval.
All letters are subject to editing.
ALL letters are subject to editing.
All letters are subject to editorial review.
All letters are subject to Ohio's Public Records Act.
All letters are subject to possible editing and abridgement.
All letters are subject to possible editing for clarity, taste and length.
All letters are subject to verification before being published.
All letters are subject to ver-ification, editing and condensation.
All letters are subject to verification.
All letters are surface painted on face and edges then clear coated with an eggshell finish.
All letters are the property of the writers and are used with permission.
All letters are the same size.
All letters are upper case and there are no spaces or other punctuation.
All letters are upper case.
All letters are uppercase and there is a limited selection of symbols available for engraving.
All letters are welcome.
All letters considered for publication are subject to editing.
All letters go from top to bottom, or from left to right.
All letters go to the academic dean for approval.
All letters listed are available upon request to North Dakota licensed attorneys.
All letters move as their digital forms.
All letters posted here are the property of the original author.
All letters represent the views of their author.
All letters retain their diacritics.
All letters stand disjoint even in cursive style.
All letters then fade in and out.
All letters used in the printed edition are subject to editing.
All letters welcome.
Any letter received has to be read and stamped regardless of what it is or what it is written on.
Any letter received has to be read and stamped regardless of what it is or what it's on.
Any letter received has to be read and stamped, regardless of what it is about.
Any letter submitted for publication is subject to editorial review.
Every letter contains a promise for the person who overcomes.
Every letter contains long lists of questions.
Every letter counts.
Every letter created is personally spell-checked and edited.
Every letter gets an answer, regardless of who sends it.
Every letter gets equal consideration.
Every letter has a different name.
Every letter has only one sound and is always pronounced.
Every letter has only one sound which is always pronounced the same.
Every letter has only one sound.
Every letter has to be pronounced and every letter has to have an assigned sound.
Every letter helps build our case.
Every letter helps.
Every letter here tells a similar story.
Every letter introduced is accompanied by multiple pictures beginning with that sound.
Every letter is a faceted gem of information and ideas.
Every letter is a grain of sand, being added to the growing piles of understanding.
Every letter is a link and every link is important.
Every letter is a special delivery.
Every letter is an opportunity to make a good impression on the recipient.
Every letter is answered within two days.
Every letter is answered.
Every letter is assigned a number as it's received.
Every letter is pronounced in every word and the pronunciation is always the same for every letter.
Every letter is represented by two numbers.
Every letter is responded to in a similarly creative insulting, berating manner.
Every letter is written around a theme.
Every letter listed below is real.
Every letter makes a difference.
Every letter makes one sound.
Every letter receives a response.
Every letter receives personal attention, prayer, and a reply.
Every letter represent one category, and the sorting is made by surname.
Every letter represents something different, from an igloo to voodoo.
Every letter sent from abroad into Vietnam is opened and read.
Every letter still gets a response.
Many letters are from school children studying about Orange County and are answered individually.
Many letters are from teenage girls.
Many letters are in French or German.
Many letters are simply balls and sticks, circles and lines.
Many letters are superficial and are only frustrating to the admissions committee.
Many letters conclude with pleadings for quick replies and information.
Many letters contain personal tragedy stories.
Many letters deal with plantation conditions and life on the plantation.
Many letters discuss travel, church attendance, social calls, and neighborhood events.
Many letters have just short term effect or have been superseded by another circular letter.
Many letters mention politics, travel, social matters, and business and legal affairs.
Many letters reflect upon spiritual and religious concerns of the servicemen.
Many letters relate to the status of blacks before and after the Civil War.
Many letters seek information and concepts about what is happening and how the profession is doing.
Many letters testify to the success of the programmes.
More letters follow.
More letters speak about the internal conflicts of the church.
Most letters are about two pages, typed or handwritten.
Most letters are fairly chatty in style.
Most letters are of a business rather than personal nature.
Most letters are written by women.
Most letters contain parts of both.
Most letters cover trouble with school, work, money, parents or dating.
Most letters discuss family matters, the state of people's health, and crop conditions.
Most letters have only one pronunciation.
Most letters provide information.
Most letters ramble on in excruciating detail for one or even two full pages.
Most letters relate to pensions and Civil War damages.
Most letters require a students signature before they can completed.
Most letters use baseline connectors.
Some letters also contain discussion of other contemporary poets.
Some letters also contain items such as newscuttings, visiting cards and original envelopes.
Some letters appear at only certain times.
Some letters appear in condensed form.
Some letters appear in more than one version.
Some letters are a joy to write.
Some letters are copies.
Some letters are far too metrical to be considered prose poems or free verse.
Some letters are long, some are short.
Some letters are more complex, especially in combination with others.
Some letters are more gratifying to get than others.
Some letters are only a straight line up and down, always on the line.
Some letters are part of correspondence.
Some letters are part of postcard.
Some letters are similar to the Greek alphabet.
Some letters are three-dimensional and some engraved.
Some letters are to the sisters from others.
Some letters are, of course, more complex than others.
Some letters carry a combination of two different accents.
Some letters come from women who ve fallen for sex outside of marriage.
Some letters contain near misses.
Some letters contain sincere thanks and approval of our efforts.
Some letters deal with incidents leading up to the Civil War and the War itself and slavery.
Some letters deal with personnel matters.
Some letters describe characteristics.
Some letters describe conflict.
Some letters describe growth.
Some letters discuss prison conditions or individual prisoners.
Some letters display as squares.
Some letters even have multiple verses.
Some letters have a draft reply attached.
Some letters have a peripheral connection to a public issue, but their main thrust is personal.
Some letters have attachments.
Some letters have lamp shade features.
Some letters have more than one symbol or combinated symbols.
Some letters have more then one sound.
Some letters have only a couple of sites listed - others have a dozen or more.
Some letters have significance.
Some letters look like, and sound similar to English letters.
Some letters mention business affairs.
Some letters mention the growing tensions between North and South.
Some letters project right off the page and others appear to recede behind it.
Some letters provide details.
Some letters resemble the Roman alphabet but is never pronounced as such.
Some letters say the senders enjoyed something they read in the paper.
Some letters seem to indicate that the road was improved specifically for the forced march.
Some letters show evidence of prepayment of certain transit fees, probably arranged by a forwarder.
Some letters take special forms when being stacked.
Some letters take up more space than others, although the same space is allocated to all.
Some letters touch the black border.
Lettered definitions match only one term.
All lettered edges are equal in length.
A letterhead is a stationery
All letterhead is laser-printer compatible and uses recycled paper.
Letterheaded paper is used, which sometimes includes the firm's logo.
Lettering are documents.
A letterman is an athlete
Letterman explains it otherwise.
Letterman has a family history of high cholesterol and heart disease.
Letterman has a long history of tormenting network executives.
Letterman interacts more with the audience.
Letterman invites the unsuspecting man into the studio and on stage.
Letterman is a friend.
Letterman is a self-proclaimed depressed workaholic with a severe inferiority complex.
Letterman is all business.
Letterman is also a television and film producer.
Letterman is entitled to have fun at the expense of politicians.
Letterman is great.
Letterman lives in Connecticut.
Letterman makes fun of open-heart surgery, too.
Letterman obviously understands that.
Letterman tells a camera crew to enter the pizzeria next door.
Letterman walks across the room to take the call.
Lettermans are athletes.
Letterman often seems to work at being kinder and gentler to guests.
Letterman usually hides behind jokes and cue cards.
A letterpress is a writing
Letterpress copy books and scrapbooks.
Lettuce corals lie under small schools of watchful barracuda .
Lettuce plants attain height.
Lettuce plants enter cotyledon stages.
Lettuce plants enter stages.
Lettuce plants have bottoms.
Lettuce plants have flowers.
Lettuce plants have perfect flowers.
Lettuce contains cellulose.
Lettuce contains compounds.
Lettuce contains defensive compounds.
Lettuce contains nutrients.
Lettuce grows in cool weather.
Lettuce grows in fields.
Lettuce grows in regions.
Lettuce grows in weather.
Lettuce has (part) cell membranes.
Lettuce has (part) cells.
Lettuce has (part) corpi.
Lettuce has (part) cytoplasm.
Lettuce has (part) nuclei.
Lettuce has (part) plasma membranes.
Lettuce has (part) sections.
Lettuce has (part) vacuoles.
Lettuce has (part) vegetables.
Lettuce has appearances.
Lettuce has benefits.
Lettuce has color.
Lettuce has enzymes.
Lettuce has foliage.
Lettuce has green foliage.
Lettuce has green leaves.
Lettuce has growth patterns.
Lettuce has growth stages.
Lettuce has high water requirements.
Lettuce has identical appearances.
Lettuce has leaves.
Lettuce has life stages.
Lettuce has nutrition.
Lettuce has outer leaves.
Lettuce has patterns.
Lettuce has requirements.
Lettuce has roots.
Lettuce has shallow roots.
Lettuce has stages.
Lettuce has taproots.
Lettuce has taste.
Lettuce has thick leaves.
Lettuce is a herb
Lettuce is food.
Lettuce is herbs.
Lettuce is leafy vegetables.
Lettuce is located in grocery stores.
Lettuce is located in refrigerators.
Lettuce is located in salad.
Lettuce is located in supermarkets.
Lettuce is made of water.
Lettuce is part of salad.
Lettuce is plants.
Lettuce is salad green.
Lettuce is salad.
Lettuce is vegetables.
Lettuce isa herb.
Lettuce produces crisp leaves.
Lettuce produces leaves.
Lettuce produces products.
Lettuce produces waste products.
Lettuce provides nutrients.
Lettuce provides nutrition.
Lettuce provides vitamins.
Lettuces are most common in the milder blends.
Lettuces are very poor in overall nutritional value.
Lettuces contain phytochemicals such as vitamin C and carotenoids.
Lettuces do cross.
Lettuces predominate, along with kale, onions, and various herbs.
Lettuces require fertile soil, high in organic matter.
Lettuces start to be more affordable.
All lettuce is marketed as a fresh product.
All lettuces are open-pollinated.
All lettuces possess a milky juice that flows freely from any wound.
Most lettuce contains cellulose.
Most lettuce contains compounds.
Most lettuce contains defensive compounds.
Most lettuce contains nutrients.
Most lettuce grows in cool weather.
Most lettuce grows in fields.
Most lettuce grows in regions.
Most lettuce grows in weather.
Most lettuce has appearances.
Most lettuce has benefits.
Most lettuce has color.
Most lettuce has enzymes.
Most lettuce has foliage.
Most lettuce has green foliage.
Most lettuce has green leaves.
Most lettuce has growth patterns.
Most lettuce has growth stages.
Most lettuce has high water requirements.
Most lettuce has identical appearances.
Most lettuce has leaves.
Most lettuce has life stages.
Most lettuce has nutrition.
Most lettuce has outer leaves.
Most lettuce has patterns.
Most lettuce has requirements.
Most lettuce has roots.
Most lettuce has shallow roots.
Most lettuce has stages.
Most lettuce has taproots.
Most lettuce has thick leaves.
Most lettuce is best sown in drills about in deep as thinly as possible.
Most lettuce is crisp and has few calories.
Most lettuce produces crisp leaves.
Most lettuce produces leaves.
Most lettuce produces products.
Most lettuce produces waste products.
Most lettuce provides nutrients.
Most lettuce provides nutrition.
Most lettuce provides vitamins.
Some lettuce attracts slugs.
Some lettuce causes irritation.
Some lettuce creates problems.
Some lettuce does have a little nutritional value.
Some lettuce grows for weeks.
Some lettuce grows in gardens.
Some lettuce grows in glass.
Some lettuce has black spots.
Some lettuce has compounds.
Some lettuce has properties.
Some lettuce has spots.
Some lettuce has structures.
Some lettuce makes diet food.
Some lettuce makes food.
Letup isa pause.
A leucine is amino acid
Leucine appears to have a specific, and apparently, unique impact on skeletal muscle .
Leucine helps reduce muscle protein breakdown.
Leucine is a member of the branched-chain amino acid family, along with valine and isoleucine.
Leucine is a nonpolar hydrophobic amino acid.
Leucine is present in all protein foods, such as meat, fish, eggs, milk, and beans.
Leucine promotes muscle growth, acting in concert with insulin.
Leucine promotes the healing of bones, skin and muscle tissue.
Leucines are amino acid.
Leucines are chemical compounds.
A leucocyte is a corpuscle
Leucocyte assessments via cytochemical methods.
Leucocytes accumulate at the inflamed site to combat invading bacteria.
Leucocytes are absent.
Leucocytes are abundant, red blood corpuscles, and endometrial cells are also common.
Leucocytes are blood cells.
Leucocytes are found during the whole of pregnancy, but in less abundance than in the sheep.
Leucocytes are the body's white blood cells, a vital component of the immune system.
Leucocytes are the white blood cells which fight infection.
Leucocytes deteriorate rapidly in anti-coagulant treated blood.
Leucocytes disappear from mucosa.
Most leucocytes migrate into tissue from the circulation.
Leucopenia appears early, possibly together with haemorrhagic symptoms.
Leucopenia is blood disorder
Leukaemia cutis arises due to cutaneous infiltration of neoplastic leukocytes or their precursors.
Leukemia cells can t survive without asparagine, another amino acid.
Leukemia rates are high in Canada, as in other industrialized countries.
Leukemia research is good, but the real problem is on the outside.
Leukemia survivors risk obesity.
Leukemia is cancer
Leukemia is cancer.
Leukemia is diseases.
Leukemias affect the blood forming tissues of the body, such as bone marrow and the spleen.
Leukemias are cancers of blood-forming tissues.
Leukemias are cancers of the blood.
Leukemias are cancers of the blood-forming tissues.
Leukemias are cancers of the blood-making bone marrow.
Leukemias are cancers of white blood cells.
Leukemias are cancers that develop in lymphocytes or hematopoietic cells.
Leukemias are malignant neoplasms of either lymphoid or hematopoietic cell origin.
Leukemias are primary disorders of bone marrow.
Leukemias are the leading malignancies among children.
Leukemias arise when immature white blood cells become abnormal and grow and divide rapidly.
Leukemias associated with nucleoporin gene rearrangements tend to be refractory to treatment.
Leukemias involve blood-forming tissues and blood cells.
Many leukemias are very sensitive to traditional cytotoxic chemotherapy.
Most leukemias arise from non-inherited mutations in the genes of growing blood cells.
Most leukemias originate in the bone marrow.
Leukemic cells are actually abnormal white blood cells.
Leukemic cells are also classified according to morphology .
Leukemic relapse following transplantation is a very real possibility.
Leukemic transformation is rare, esp.
A leukocyte is a corpuscle
Leukocyte isa cell.
Leukocyte isa phagocyte.
Leukocytes are a second line of defense against disease.
Leukocytes are blood cells that fight infections and get rid of debris.
Leukocytes are blood cells.
Leukocytes are primarily defensive, but also have important sanitation and recycling duties.
Leukocytes are responsible for immunity and fighting infections.
Leukocytes are specialists.
Leukocytes are the primary effector cells against infection and tissue damage.
Leukocytes are white blood cells and function in fighting disease.
Leukocytes are white blood cells that fight infections and get rid of debris.
Leukocytes are white blood cells, one of the types of cells in human blood.
Leukocytes are white blood cells.
Leukocytes congregate here and many initial encounters between immune cells and microbes occur here.
Leukocytes destroy infective agents and promote healing but can also amplify chronic inflammation.
Leukocytes destroy some microogarnisms and cancerous cells.
Leukocytes gradually infiltrate during diestrus.
Leukocytes have (part) cell membranes.
Leukocytes have (part) chromatin.
Leukocytes have (part) chromosomes.
Leukocytes have (part) corpi.
Leukocytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Leukocytes have (part) cytoskeletons.
Leukocytes have (part) lobes.
Leukocytes have (part) nuclei.
Leukocytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Leukocytes have (part) sections.
Leukocytes have (part) vacuoles.
Leukocytes help defend the body from disease.
Leukocytes marginate along and adhere to endothelial surfaces.
Leukocytes move through the circulatory system by amoeboid motion.
Leukocytes play a crucial role in the process of inflammation.
Leukocytes play a major part in the body's defense system by fighting infection and disease.
Leukocytes play a major role in the defense system of the body against invading microorganisms.
Leukocytes serve as the second line of defense for bacteria that have entered the body.
Leukocytes slow down by rolling, then receive signals.
Leukocytic cytokines regulate growth rate and composition following activation of the immune system.
Leukocytoclastic vasculitis is a type III immune reaction marked by circulatory immune complexes.
A leukocytosis is blood disorder
Leukocytosis can occur under normal conditions of health.
Leukocytosis commonly accompanies acute bacterial infection.
Leukocytosis is common.
Leukocytosis is present.
Leukocytosis is the most common laboratory abnormality.
Leukocytosis is typical.
Leukocytosis is usually also present.
Leukocytosis is usually present in acute diverticulitis.
Leukocytosis is usually present.
Leukocytosis occurs only in acute infections .
Leukocytosis typically follows.
Leukocytosises are diseases.
Leukopenia can occur in profound hypoxia.
Leukopenia decreases the body's ability to fight infection.
Leukopenia is a condition characterized by a decrease in white blood cells.
Leukopenia is an abnormally low number of leukocytes.
Leukopenia is blood disorder
Leukopenia is diseases.
Leukopenia is frequently present, and serum uric acid elevation is common, but gout is rare.
Leukopenia is most common and usually occurs first.
Leukopenia is usually transient with use of recommended dosage.
Leukopenia typically persists throughout the febrile period.
Leukopenia usually follows every course of adequate therapy with fluorouracil.
Some leukotriene agents can interact with other medications.
Leukotrine inhibitors block a substance called leukotrines, which cause asthma symptoms.
A lev is an unit
Lev finds that grooming can transform the ordinary doofus.
Lev goes out on the town with a special lady.
Lev takes a different approach.
Levant tribesmen dress differently than other villagers and can be easily recognized.
Levant is a disease of Hollywood.
Levant is able to equip up to three Minions at a time to use in battle.
Levator ani is made up of the pubococcygeus and iliococcygeus.
Some leves have really good graphigs like the great pyramid.
Levee deposits are typically sandy and outlying floodplain deposits are usually silty.
Levee failure is simulated on a grid element by grid element basis.
Levee failures continue to be one of the Delta's primary problems.
Levee setbacks have other advantages too.
Levee tops are open at various places.
A levee is reception
Levees are approximately one half to four times the channel width in diameter.
Levees are banks on the side of the river which prevent the river flooding into the flood plain.
Levees are earthen barriers that prevent lower lying land from flooding.
Levees are embankments along the course of a river.
Levees are embankments.
Levees are fine sand or silt.
Levees are narrow on top, usually only the width of a road.
Levees are often the weakest link in any flood control system.
Levees are piers.
Levees are reception.
Levees are ridges found along the sides of the stream channel composed of sand or gravel.
Levees are the best way, but they take time to build, and require man power to dredge the mud.
Levees are there to stop water.
Levees break in several different ways.
Levees can fail for three main reasons.
Levees form natural flood protection defences as they raise the height of the channel sides.
Levees form on the outer part of the flow.
Levees frame the river, turning former flood plains into farm and residential land.
Levees lock the river into a narrower channel - so the water has nowhere to go but up.
Levees protect the surrounding countryside from floods by holding more water in the channel.
Levees provide protection from some floods but can be over-topped or eroded away by large floods.
Levees stop the river from doing what's natural - which is spreading out over the floodplain.
Levees tend to constrain the river to one single large channel.
Many levees are also in disrepair due to limited maintenance budgets and fail before overtopping.
Many levees are structurally weak and present a high risk of failure.
Level bombers can paralyse naval forces and bomber units for the turn's duration.
Level bombing is the chosen technique for bombing most other targets.
Level decision makers understand effects.
Level design is above average.
Level design is amazing, with architecturally realistic renderings of impressively large buildings.
Level design is another headache.
Level design is equally bad.
Level design is excellent for several different reasons.
Level design is excellent, if challenging.
Level design is excellent.
Level design is generally excellent, and all of the locations look and feel like the real world.
Level design is generally of a high quality.
Level design is good and there are some very good puzzles, but the levels are too short.
Level design is great.
Level design is impressive with huge and highly detailed levels.
Level design is solid, with some degrees of non-linearity and flashes of ingenuity and innovation.
Level design is spot on most of the time.
Level design is wonderful, featuring new architectural designs that differ from city to city.
Level design varies from adequate to very good.
Level designer is an impressive term on a business card, and rightly so.
Most level designers are their own worst critics.
Level determination is a collaborative decision.
Level E enables students to add, subtract, multiply and divide fractions and decimals.
Level editing is an individual thing for the most part anyway.
Level editors build levels out of blocks of tiles.
Level environments are more realistic and immersive than ever before.
Level flight is relatively slow.
Level heads win games.
Level land is favoured because it is easier to cultivate and is less susceptible to water erosion.
Most level land is restricted to river valleys.
Level lines are just what they sound like, lines with no taper.
Level lines are the least expensive and the hardest with which to learn to cast.
Level Lines Make a quality installation easier.
Level loop refers to tufted, uncut loops of equal height giving it a pebbly look.
Level meter has hysteresis, showing signal peaks.
Level of care is subject to the availability of funds.
Levels of care are available for every situation.
All levels of care meet the standards for the provision of linguistically competent services.
Every level of care includes a strong educational component.
Level of consciousness can range from drowsiness to coma.
Level of consciousness is the most important indicator in a conscious person.
Level of detail is the same for the whole scene for the moment, but can be adjusted via the console.
Level of difficulty determines the final pricing of a mural.
Level of difficulty increases automatically with student mastery.
Level of difficulty is moderate to difficult.
Level of difficulty varies as well.
Level of difficulty varies greatly according to the amount of water in the river.
Level of difficulty varies.
Levels of difficulty determine how many pieces are in each puzzle.
Levels of difficulty keep it demanding.
Level of effort is measured only in terms of resources actually consumed within a given time period.
Level of effort needs to be shown in short term purposes.
Levels of effort vary from bioassessment studies to fully developed biological criteria programs.
Levels of measurement have an inherent order.
Levels of security determine access to system features.
Level of service indicates the capacity per unit of demand for a public facility.
Level of service is a comparison between true capacity of a roadway and the demand for the roadway.
Level of service is based on population density and geography.
Level of service varies with program participation.
Levels of service vary from facility to facility.
Levels of service vary What services are available varies from bank to bank.
Any level of service is available - no matter how limited or how broad.
Levels of significance are denoted with increasing number of asterisk.
Level one begins with easy drinks and sufficient time to consult the recipe book.
Level property is attractive for various business ventures.
Level repulsion is observed.
Level sets are convex .
A level is a property
Level acces through the inner yard of the museum.
Level accessand a good area.
Level based access is a single password for the four different levels.
Level can be measured with a light meter and the most widely used measurement currently is the lux.
Level commensurate with qualifications.
Level coordinate variable.
Level depends on sanitation and multiple other factors.
Level depends on type of feed.
Level determines how much optimization is done.
Level drive right to cottage which has grassy area surrounding cottage and toward lakeside.
Level gaging Suppose a company wants to monitor the level of cooking molasses in a large tank.
Level is actually quite small but design in several places is quite good.
Level is adjusted on slider.
Level is an example.
Level is an indicator of position within the repository hierarchy that the element is meaningful.
Level is audience-dependent.
Level is based on the division that student is in at time of project completion.
Level is better than sloped.
Level is cool place and also shadow rounge.
Level is defined as lower divisional, upper divisional, masters, first professional, and doctorate.
Level is detected by ultrasonic pulse echo.
Level is determined by difficulty of vocabulary and structures.
Level is determined by difficulty of vocabulary, structures and tasks.
Level is determined by placement exam.
Level is determined by placement test, regardless of the number of years of previous language study.
Level is displayed in inches, centimeters or percent.
Level is down, clear water.
Level is fairly freeform, i.e. a largish outdoor area split into different areas by walls pillars.
Level is for beginner to early intermediate.
Level is general, intermediate, intermediate plus.
Level is given in feet .
Level is good.
Level is handled differently too.
Level is how loud or soft the frequency is.
Level is low for the digit being displayed.
Level is often out of alignment from the factory.
Level is open, but our preference is to hire at the advanced assistant or associate level.
Level is set via the control right above the output.
Level is supposed to modify mass.
Level is ten feet and dropping.
Level is the center of the ramp of the lookup table.
Level is the center of the ramp of the lookuptable.
Level is the effective level of the index as it is seen by the user.
Level is the same for most maps.
Level is their current grade level.
Level is used in Event reporting, described in a later tour stop.
Level is used to describe a student's progression through a programme.
Level is used to indicate the degree of complexity or level of autonomy.
Level is used to indicate the degree of difficulty of a course.
Level isa property.
Level lift multiple points with accuracy.
Level reflects the severity of the condition described by the message.
Level ridges and fill voids.
Level sets the volume of the sound.
Level shifting components and signal optimization is explained.
Level spoil banks from excavation and seed to grass in the immediate area of the dugout.
Level start with an uphill finish.
Level start with uphill finish.
Level switches, all stainless steel in single and multilevel.
Level tends between intermediate and advanced, but all are welcome.
Level thresholds to buildings and rooms.
Level varies from early to late elementary.
Level walk to bus.
Levels affect behaviour.
Levels affect excretion.
Levels affect health.
Levels affect urea excretion.
Levels again Wrap the edges of the selection to make a seamless tile.
Levels also have one secret star .
Levels also have one secret star.
Levels also increase after exercise and gradually decrease with advancing age.
Levels also vary across the floodplain due to variations in the underlying ground surface.
Levels also vary with the phase of the menstrual cycle.
Levels also vary within an individual cell type, depending upon the physiological state.
Levels alter chemistry.
Levels are a bit high, resulting in occasional distortion and clipping.
Levels are a little too linear, and the save game mechanism shows the game's console roots.
Levels are already good and getting better.
Levels are also extremely varied in regards to terrain.
Levels are also in the eye of the beholder.
Levels are beginners to advanced.
Levels are beginners, intermediate, and advanced.
Levels are below three feet and the water is clear.
Levels are both challenging and interesting, with much to see and do.
Levels are both good and bad.
Levels are colorful and highly detailed.
Levels are decreased when either less magnesium comes in or more magnesium goes out of the body.
Levels are different in different institutions.
Levels are flats.
Levels are for beginners, intermediate, and the advanced learner.
Levels are for people without known cardiovascular disease.
Levels are free form, meaning they can be approached in a variety of ways.
Levels are from beginning to advanced.
Levels are generally very well done, and all have a unique theme or graphical style.
Levels are good at just under three feet and the clarity is a-ok.
Levels are grades.
Levels are graphically very varied and enemies are creatively inspiring.
Levels are higher in pregnancies with more than one fetus.
Levels are highest during the winter and spring.
Levels are highest early in the morning, so the first urine of the day is tested.
Levels are highest in the brain and ventral ganglia.
Levels are highest in urban areas just after morning and afternoon rush hours.
Levels are indicators.
Levels are interesting but consistently and believably designed.
Levels are just a tad low at times.
Levels are large and well designed, chock-full of puzzles and peppered with hazards.
Levels are laser-cut cast acrylic.
Levels are likewise.
Levels are located in garages.
Levels are located in video games.
Levels are long.
Levels are low during the day and higher at night.
Levels are low throughout the postovulatory phase.
Levels are lower in some states.
Levels are lowest in early afternoon and at dusk.
Levels are lowest in early afternoon and dusk.
Levels are mites - midgets.
Levels are much better now.
Levels are never to be greater than is permissible under applicable standards.
Levels are nicely varied, and the humour from start to finish is a joy to behold.
Levels are normally low at birth but rise soon thereafter.
Levels are only approximate indicators of text difficulty and are intended to serve as a guide.
Levels are password protected.
Levels are places.
Levels are pretty much streamlined with one path to take to the final goal.
Levels are prettymuch streamlined with one path to take to the final goal.
Levels are quite interestings and nice themed.
Levels are quite low at old age.
Levels are really long to load.
Levels are really only useful for detecting or confirming toxicity.
Levels are reduced in people with schizophrenia .
Levels are reduced in people with schizophrenia.
Levels are self-explanatory.
Levels are short and include environments such as caves, abandoned mines, mountains and forests.
Levels are simple.
Levels are somewhat less in the other disorders of hyperphenylalaninemia.
Levels are static now instead of randomized, allowing for a more structured environment.
Levels are still higher than desired in some streams, however.
Levels are still linear, but they are designed with enough imagination and realism to avoid boredom.
Levels are still within the desirable range, but researchers plan to monitor the trend.
Levels are subject to change as they are periodically tested and reevaluated.
Levels are the most complicated option yet the best to use.
Levels are to be determined by advisement.
Levels are too easy.
Levels are too high or limiters on while adjusting.
Levels are tools.
Levels are used for buildings.
Levels are used for leveling.
Levels are used for measurements.
Levels are usually consistent.
Levels are usually low in uremia with normal tissue levels.
Levels are variable in other causes.
Levels are variable in pancreatic carcinoma.
Levels are very low in American women.
Levels are very low in Lake Okeechobee, and in most other available surface water storage areas.
Levels are well below food safety and public health concern levels.
Levels are well-designed, without any annoying dead ends or blind leaps.
Levels beams supporting bedplates over test pit, using transit, master straightedge, and levels.
Levels bear watching over the next few days.
Levels begin to increase after that and before awakening.
Levels begin with the beginning learner and go through advanced.
Levels Bring in the left and right arrows to where the histogram begins.
Levels build up in the tissues of fish and cattle.
Levels can go on and on.
Levels can range from simply knowing the task exists to being able to teach it to others.
Levels can use optimize hgh loss just like a duplicate loss.
Levels can vary greatly in the same town, on the same street, and from house to house.
Levels can vary widely, even between houses directly adjacent to each other.
Levels capture another important dimension of position.
Levels change in response to infection, stress and changes in chemical composition of the blood.
Levels change slowly due to slow metabolism and low renal clearance.
Levels come in a variety of sizes for a variety of jobs.
Levels come in all sizes from tiny machinist levels to large railroad levels.
Levels commonly culminate with a boss battle .
Levels consist of groups of halls and a large middle, which is accessible from any side of the map.
Levels consist primarily of picking up gems and finding where the dragons are hidden.
Levels contain buildings with beautiful architecture and crisp textures.
Levels contain structurally related blocks of information.
Levels continue to fall on the lower Mississippi River.
Levels continue to fall.
Levels continue to recede.
Levels create a hierarchy of the information in the infobase.
Levels cycle properly.
Levels decrease as distance and elevation increase from the valley floor.
Levels decrease growth.
Levels decrease over time.
Levels decrease with age, especially in women.
Levels define different levels of functionality within the Semantic layer.
Levels depend on factors.
Levels depend on levels.
Levels depend on major factors.
Levels depend on many factors.
Levels depend on such factors.
Levels describe student achievement.
Levels differ from beginner to university examination standard.
Levels differ in kinds of bonuses and monsters.
Levels differ in size and variety.
Levels differ wildly from one another, including lava worlds and underwater caves.
Levels do get repetitive.
Levels drop when steroids are stopped.
Levels encourage camping.
Levels encourage growth.
Levels fall after the tumor is removed or reduced through treatment.
Levels fall and rise with time as the effects wear off.
Levels generally decrease when treatment of lupus is successful.
Levels get a little boring.
Levels get more and more complex as the game moves forward.
Levels get progressively more difficult as game play progress.
Levels give many kids goals to shoot for.
Levels go from left to right like columns on a page or a table.
Levels go up with difficulty.
Levels gradually decline until a woman stops menstruating .
Levels has the most experience of the returners.
Levels have a set goal, or number of lines to clear.
Levels have benefits.
Levels have gravity.
Levels have phases.
Levels include participation.
Levels increase during decades.
Levels increase during past decades.
Levels increase gradually in pregnancy and then surges in the weeks before labor.
Levels increase in menopausal women.
Levels increase in time because of appearance of drug resistant strains.
Levels increase over years.
Levels increase sharply for a maximum of ten days following ovulation.
Levels increase thirsts.
Levels indicate acidity.
Levels indicate increase acidity.
Levels indicate which tours are appropriate for which people.
Levels involves keycard collecting and a lot of backtracking.
Levels is free and available in html and text-only format.
Levels is probably the best way to fix a picture.
Levels last two hours each.
Levels leading from knowledge to evaluation are comprehension, application, analysis, and synthesis.
Levels load correctly and display without any problems.
Levels may have adverse cardiovascular effects.
Levels may have adverse effects.
Levels may have cardiovascular effects.
Levels may have effects.
Levels may have term effects.
Levels may have undesirable effects.
Levels measure a gymnast's competence and expertise.
Levels naturally decline after people reach adulthood.
Levels normally increase slightly during the first trimester of pregnancy.
Levels occur during dormant seasons.
Levels occur during seasons.
Levels occur during years.
Levels ore in bucket, using bar and shovel.
Levels peak at puberty and are already declining by maturity.
Levels peak in the bloodstream within an hour and a half after ingestion.
Levels progress from waterexporation to advanced skills and conditioning.
Levels promote colon cancer development.
Levels promote development.
Levels provide a means to categorize nodes and detail values into logical groups within a tree.
Levels provide information.
Levels provide quantitative information.
Levels rails by driving wedges beneath track with maul or sledge hammer.
Levels range from absolute beginners to upper intermediate.
Levels range from basic literacy and numeracy to college preparation.
Levels range from beginner to advanced.
Levels range from beginner to expert.
Levels range from beginner walk-trot through advance open equitation competition.
Levels range from beginner walk-trot through advanced open equitation competition.
Levels range from beginning instructors to national coaches.
Levels range from beginning to advanced.
Levels range from children s access to no filtering whatsoever.
Levels range from elementary to advanced.
Levels range from elementary to high school, with hundreds of words and definitions for each.
Levels range from moderate to insanely huge.
Levels range from normal indoor levels to spaceships in space, with low gravity and all.
Levels range from the beginner to rabbinical ordination.
Levels range from true beginners to advanced.
Levels reach high enough levels.
Levels reach high levels.
Levels reach levels.
Levels reach optimum levels.
Levels reduce growth.
Levels remain elevated for several weeks after supplementation is discontinued.
Levels reportedly are normal in bullosis diabeticorum.
Levels require skills.
Levels result in growth.
Levels rise a foot due to heavy rains.
Levels rise and fall like mini-waves over invisible moats.
Levels rise during pregnancy.
Levels rise markedly in good weather.
Levels rise rapidly postnatally and then more slowly throughout childhood and adolescence.
Levels rise with fever, inflammation, and infection.
Levels show what a pupil has learned.
Levels sink to their lowest in winter, when snow piles up and freezes flows from tributaries.
Levels specify a certain speed rating on the cable.
Levels start at absolute beginner and progress to advanced.
Levels start at beginner walk-trot and progress through advanced open equitation competition.
Levels start at one end at five, five being the highest.
Levels stop and start abruptly, with a short amount of spoken prose gluing the pieces together.
Levels surge at the time of ovulation.
Levels tend to be higher in homes with basements.
Levels tend to be higher in rural areas where wells are the water source.
Levels tend to rise with age.
Levels use methods.
Levels use multiple methods.
Levels vary by product and are adjusted to reflect change in price volatility and other factors.
Levels vary due to annual supply and demand.
Levels vary from kindergarten to post-doctoral.
Levels vary predictably over the day with the highest levels produced at night.
Levels vary throughout the cycle.
Levels vary with gestational age during pregnancy .
Levels usually drop off to four during the summer because of ocean conditions.
All levels allow users to update their own information using their chosen username and password.
All levels are a mirrored versions of the original levels.
All levels are accessible and nobody is treated as a subordinate.
All levels are accessible by both elevators and stairs.
All levels are accessible by elevator from the ground floor lobby.
All levels are available at affordable rates.
All levels are available in both served or buffet form.
All levels are available now.
All levels are beneficial for change.
All levels are eligible to earn the World Friendship Patch.
All levels are field-based.
All levels are handicap accessible with elevators, escalators, and stairs connecting the decks.
All levels are important, depending on the issues at stake.
All levels are in feet.
All levels are in the same workshop.
All levels are self mapping.
All levels are very well-equipped.
All levels are welcome - eyeguards expressly designed for indoor court sports are mandatory.
All levels are welcome and anyone who can walk can cross country ski or snowshoe.
All levels are welcome and encouraged to come.
All levels are welcome and encouraged.
All levels are welcome and equipment is provided.
All levels are welcome and individual attention is available.
All levels are welcome and limited stabling is provided.
All levels are welcome and no sign-up is necessary.
All levels are welcome at ALL practices.
All levels are welcome at our camp.
All levels are welcome beginners-advanced.
All levels are welcome for networking, practice and meditation.
All levels are welcome to attend both classes.
All levels are welcome to attend.
All levels are welcome to come play Social Scrambled Round Robin Mixed Doubles.
All levels are welcome to early and mid-morning running sessions.
All levels are welcome to join.
All levels are welcome to play on four courts.
All levels are welcome, and private classes are available.
All levels are welcome, and the classes are free.
All levels are welcome, but experience is helpful.
All levels are welcome, but some knowledge of the figure is recommended.
All levels are welcome, but some step experience is needed.
All levels are welcome, experience is important, but dedication is absolutely crucial.
All levels are welcome, from beginner to expert.
All levels are welcome, from beginners to expert racers.
All levels are welcome, including beginners.
All levels are welcome, including health care practitioners.
All levels are welcome.
ALL levels are welcome.
All levels are zero and water quality is maintained by doing weekly water changes.
All levels ballet, jazz, tap, modern, acro-tumbling.
All levels can attend.
All levels can be successful with inclusion in the right setting with the right support.
All levels can be trained - separate manager and employee versions.
All levels can benefit.
ALL levels can participate.
All levels can play.
All levels carry eight graduate-level credits.
All levels carry five graduate-level credits each.
All levels contain power features.
All levels continue to steadily drop - still excellent boating is happening on all area runs.
All levels Create a new player called TheWorldIsYours.
All levels emphasis on tones and basic rhythms.
All levels enjoy it.
All levels entail a grammatical part listening comprehension and dialog.
All levels evaluate oral, listening, reading and writing proficiency through midterms and finals.
All levels focus on business content.
All levels have access to private decks.
All levels have an attendance and behavior requirement in addition to an academic requirement.
All levels have both fiction and non-fiction sentences, paragraphs and complete texts.
All levels have excellent views.
All levels have instruction booklets.
All levels have responsibilities for the company's competitiveness.
All levels have the same goal, leave only one peg in the central position.
All levels have winter maxima and summer minima.
All levels load with the initial page load.
All levels mix together and come to unity.
All levels offer convenient billing options.
All levels offer custom design and custom graphics.
All levels offer employees the excitement of becoming a powerful part of the equation.
All levels offer unlimited access and unlimited users.
All levels participate in one-week themed sessions with a different curriculum for each age level.
All levels participate in the probability of tapping the income stream.
All levels permit city name search.
All levels present, the story is finalized, and the weapons and monsters are all done.
All levels present.
All levels receive the same publications and benefits.
All levels require course work and exams in various levels of financial management.
All levels require the equivalent to graduation from high school.
All levels require the willingness to travel and work away from the office.
All levels Selecting the right people is one of the most important thing managers do.
All levels send the project home with the students.
All levels stress problem solving, creative thinking and individual and group work.
All levels stress teamwork, sportsmanship and fun.
All levels stress water adjustment, correct body position and water safety.
All levels study same core stories.
All levels There is little point in riding if serious injury is likely.
All levels use new progressions for faster learning with todays wider shaped telemark skis.
All levels welcome at any time.
All levels welcome for adventure and fun.
All levels welcome to dance and play down the street.
All levels welcome, available four times a week.
All levels welcome, beginner through elite.
All levels welcome, beginner to expert.
All levels welcome, but class is designed for the beginner.
All levels welcome, but especially dedicated students seeking to develop potential.
All levels welcome, especially beginners.
All levels welcome, family atmosphere.
All levels welcome, flexible schedule.
All levels welcome, from newbies to geeks.
All levels welcome, from pre-ballet to on pointe.
All levels welcome, fun runs, competitive racing teams.
All levels welcome, great for riders just getting started in eventing.
All levels welcome, including beginners.
All levels welcome, leads to participation in top int'l marathons.
All levels welcome, no experience necessary.
All levels welcome, students and staff.
All levels welcome, with emphasis on beginner lessons.
All levels welcome.
All levels Welcome.
ALL levels welcome.
All levels yoga.
Any level can join in.
Any level can play and it's a great way to meet and compete with other players.
Any level Can read Chinese files in various formats.
Any level is welcome.
Any levels welcome.
Every level also has a souvenir.
Every level cleared is counted on-screen.
Every level contains the new net block.
Every level drops making even simple physical tasks difficult.
Every level enjoys spectacular lake views.
Every level features a new logic puzzle to solve, and many levels have multiple solutions.
Every level has a different degree of work, the prices depend on that.
Every level has a purpose and a place.
Every level has different qualities which influence weapon choice.
Every level has it's highlights with each animated to the highest of standards.
Every level introduces a new skill to master, and many levels have multiple solutions.
Every level involves practices and competitive action.
Every level is a cloud level.
Every level is a different apprenticeship.
Every level is a fun new game in itself.
Every level is a step towards a satisfying career.
Every level is an interesting combination of speed and action.
Every level is completely different to the rest.
Every level is has strengths and others have weaknesses.
Every level is hungry.
Every level is similar, with the exception of a few different goals.
Every level is welcome.
Every level offers a beautiful view at Frenchman Bay.
Every level offers all the same services.
Every level reveals new surprises.
Every level seems to have 'em.
Every level taxes individual people.
Every level turns into a frustrating crawl.
Many levels are available.
Many levels are for death-matches only.
Many levels are more than challenging, especially without the proper weapons.
Many levels Dalek cesta has a strange and complex narrative structure on three levels.
Many levels require stealth and thought to complete.
Many levels require that they be played through normally.
Many levels take place inside rooms of a house.
More levels are available on the Finnish version of the homepage.
Most Level Is have two pages.
Most levels affect behaviour.
Most levels affect excretion.
Most levels affect health.
Most levels affect urea excretion.
Most levels allow learners to click on the right answer.
Most levels alter chemistry.
Most levels are fairly complex, including unobvious solutions and red herrings to waste time.
Most levels are quite detailed, and there's a good range of environments to keep things interesting.
Most levels come with a leather case, stiff and bulky.
Most levels decrease growth.
Most levels decrease over time.
Most levels depend on factors.
Most levels depend on levels.
Most levels depend on major factors.
Most levels depend on many factors.
Most levels depend on such factors.
Most levels encourage growth.
Most levels have a different kind of enemy to face, and each enemy acts in a different way.
Most levels have benefits.
Most levels have gravity.
Most levels have phases.
Most Levels have two distinct floor areas - a main floor area and an extension.
Most levels increase during decades.
Most levels increase during past decades.
Most levels increase over years.
Most levels increase thirsts.
Most levels indicate acidity.
Most levels indicate increase acidity.
Most levels occur during dormant seasons.
Most levels occur during seasons.
Most levels occur during years.
Most levels promote colon cancer development.
Most levels promote development.
Most levels provide information.
Most levels provide quantitative information.
Most levels reach high enough levels.
Most levels reach high levels.
Most levels reach levels.
Most levels reach optimum levels.
Most levels reduce growth.
Most levels require skills.
Most levels result in growth.
Most levels see the world as level and plumb.
Most levels use methods.
Most levels use multiple methods.
Some levels affect concentration.
Some levels affect habitat quality.
Some levels affect performance.
Some levels affect productivity.
Some levels affect quality.
Some levels affect survival.
Some levels also feature slides.
Some levels also require participation in maintenance clinics.
Some levels approach normal ranges.
Some levels are a bit simple, but all are good tough fun.
Some levels are almost fiendish with their holes and dead-ends.
Some levels are below detection limits.
Some levels are below gs.
Some levels are below limits.
Some levels are below mg.
Some levels are below strength.
Some levels are below yield strength.
Some levels are caused by ingestion.
Some levels are downright annoying too.
Some levels are easy, some are creative, and some are downright evil.
Some levels are frustratingly difficult and the objects to some levels can be a little difficult.
Some levels are just dead ends that contain some important spell or item.
Some levels are just plain brilliant.
Some levels are massive, which are best suited for a very large number of players.
Some levels are occupied by scavengers.
Some levels are puzzle-style, and others are just straight shooters.
Some levels are so high that men are advised to eat no more than one fish a year.
Some levels are underground and others are underwater .
Some levels are underground and others are underwater.
Some levels ask for confirmation before aborting.
Some levels can get a bit too long, but it adds to the challenge.
Some levels cause anemia.
Some levels cause irritation.
Some levels cause skin irritation.
Some levels change over time.
Some levels contain bosses.
Some levels contribute to cancer.
Some levels contribute to dental erosion.
Some levels contribute to economic uncertainty.
Some levels contribute to erosion.
Some levels contribute to fatigue.
Some levels contribute to uncertainty.
Some levels correspond to consumption.
Some levels correspond to intake.
Some levels correspond to phases.
Some levels correspond to positions.
Some levels decrease during periods.
Some levels decrease during withdrawal periods.
Some levels decrease in areas.
Some levels depend on circumstances.
Some levels depend on climates.
Some levels depend on external temperature.
Some levels depend on outside temperature.
Some levels depend on rainfall.
Some levels depend on temperature.
Some levels depend upon characters.
Some levels even load twice.
Some levels facilitate growth.
Some levels facilitate mold growth.
Some levels feature puzzle-solving aspects, and keep tricky jumping and climbing to a minimum.
Some levels have a number before the name.
Some levels have additional requirements beyond merely getting to the end of the level.
Some levels have direct effects.
Some levels have effects.
Some levels have energy.
Some levels have glue that sticks to the track that the marble runs on.
Some levels have impact.
Some levels have important impact.
Some levels have lighting and thunder.
Some levels have limited moves.
Some levels have lower energy.
Some levels have more than one demo, and some are yet to be done.
Some levels have negative effects.
Some levels have negative impact.
Some levels have plenty of room, while others feel way too crowded and cluttered.
Some levels have positive effects.
Some levels have profound effects.
Some levels have significant effects.
Some levels have significant impact.
Some levels have that grungy, doomed look of the pit.
Some levels impact health.
Some levels improve survival.
Some levels increase accuracy.
Some levels increase constant pressure.
Some levels increase crop production.
Some levels increase hemoglobin production.
Some levels increase photosynthesis.
Some levels increase pollen production.
Some levels increase pressure.
Some levels increase production.
Some levels increase secretion.
Some levels indicate mastery.
Some levels lead to artery diseases.
Some levels lead to cardiovascular diseases.
Some levels lead to coronary artery diseases.
Some levels lead to coronary diseases.
Some levels lead to degeneration.
Some levels lead to depressions.
Some levels lead to diseases.
Some levels lead to health problems.
Some levels lead to myelin degeneration.
Some levels lead to problems.
Some levels lead to serious problems.
Some levels limit growth.
Some levels limit plant growth.
Some levels observe in patients.
Some levels pose problems.
Some levels pose structural problems.
Some levels predict mortality.
Some levels promote activations.
Some levels promote cell activations.
Some levels promote growth.
Some levels promote mold growth.
Some levels promote root growth.
Some levels receive energy.
Some levels reduce blood pressure.
Some levels reduce pressure.
Some levels reflect waves.
Some levels require careful consideration.
Some levels require completion in a certain order.
Some levels require consideration.
Some levels require doing things in a certain sequence, or repeating one motion many times over.
Some levels require identification.
Some levels require knowledge.
Some levels require plenty of exploration while some are fairly linear.
Some levels restrict growth.
Some levels result in death.
Some levels rise during childhood.
Some levels rise during time.
Some levels take place in different times and exotic locations.
Some levels threaten extinction.
Some levels vary over centuries.
Some levels vary over past centuries.
Leveled books allow all children to acquire reading skills successfully.
A leveler is a radical
Leveler can restore itself when truck departs, or leveler can be manually restored.
Leveler can self-restore when truck departs or leveler can be restored manually.
Levelers also reduce routine maintenance required on culverts.
Levelers are radicals.
Levelers are semi-automatic with no manual lifting required.
Levelers ensure stable installation.
Levelers keep the enclosure firmly in place.
Levelers tend to blur similar memories.
Leveling includes focusing on one topic at a time and making other preoccupations clear.
Leveling is a an issue too.
Leveling is a great offensive tool.
Leveling is a relatively simple technique which works like a giant rake.
Leveling is extremely important.
Leveling is important to keep the rod from striking the table or rubbing against the housing.
Leveling is one of the misunderstandings.
Leveling is the process of determining elevations of points or their difference in elevation.
Leveling is through a specially designed system.
Leveling takes a long time and some levels take three to five times as long as others.
Levelized billing can help.
Lever action handle.
All lever actions utilize a lever under the action to facilitate repeat shots.
Lever arm attaches the powerful suction base instantly.
Lever arm has real meaning here.
Lever arm is always less than or equal to radius.
Lever door handle hardware is required on the affected doors.
Lever door handles Easier to use by everyone.
Lever harps tend to have more resonance.
A lever lock is a lock
Lever locks are considered difficult, although possible, to pick and also require a special pick.
A lever is a bar
Lever isa bar.
Lever raises footrest independently, whether chair is upright or reclining.
Lever reverses two secondary coils inside two fixed primaries.
Levers aid both inserting and removing electric plugs without ever having to touch the plate itself.
Levers alone are a great improvement.
Levers amplify force and energy.
Levers amplify or increase the force or velocity of motion.
Levers are a commonly used from of simple machine.
Levers are a good example of a machine.
Levers are a much better bet than round knobs.
Levers are bars.
Levers are devices.
Levers are everywhere.
Levers are levers.
Levers are machines.
Levers are one of the very first machines that humans developed.
Levers are rigid bars that rotate about a pivot called a fulcrum.
Levers are rigid rods that can be moved about a fixed point.
Levers are tools.
Levers are tumblers.
Levers can sometimes be carefully bent back into shape when softened by heating.
Levers have (part) fulcrums.
Levers have (part) sections.
Levers have a pivot point, the fulcrum, and a lever arm to each side.
Levers have a straight part that moves when a force is applied to it.
Levers help to lift loads with less effort.
Levers involve the idea of rotational motion.
Levers remain to the rear when locking buttons are engaged.
Levers transmit forces.
Levers transmit muscular forces.
All levers have three parts.
Every lever has a fulcrum.
Most levers are now adjustable and come in different lengths.
Most levers transmit forces.
Most levers transmit muscular forces.
Some levers have arrangements.
Some levers have the fulcrum between the effort and the load, as in crowbars and scissors.
Some levers sit on sides.
Leverage buyouts are apparent and mergers of multi-million dollar firms are prevalent.
Leverage ratios measure the amount of debt in a company's capital structure.
Leverage also frees financial resources needed for other investments or use.
Leverage also has downside implications.
Leverage also works backwards.
Leverage are the things that they want.
Leverage can be a dangerous tool or a conservative tool.
Leverage can be expensive.
Leverage can be good or bad, but the one certainty is it speeds success or failure up.
Leverage can cause margin calls or forced liquidations.
Leverage can enhance returns but adds risk.
Leverage can increase market exposure and magnify investment risks.
Leverage can take many other forms, and it has in Massachusetts.
Leverage comes from negotiating as a group, which means giving up some rights to individual choice.
Leverage comes from new ways of thinking .
Leverage compensates for reduced strength, especially in gripping.
Leverage creates resistance.
Leverage cuts both ways.
Leverage decreases the amount of time it takes for the horse to feel bit pressure.
Leverage describes the price movement of one issue relative to another.
Leverage drives investment benefit of real estate for the future such as retirement.
Leverage existing publishing systems to quickly establish Internet presence.
Leverage existing, operationally realistic exercises to jointly test air defense assets.
Leverage is a key word.
Leverage is a measure of vulnerability.
Leverage is a method of acquiring real estate worth many times the value of the initial investment.
Leverage is a non-issue right now.
Leverage is a physical phenomenon
Leverage is a scary thing when stocks go bad.
Leverage is advantage.
Leverage is also a matter of timing.
Leverage is an important part of our financial system.
Leverage is applied daily.
Leverage is applied to enhance the fund s potential returns.
Leverage is calculated by dividing total assets by equity.
Leverage is clearly necessary.
Leverage is everything.
Leverage is greatest for both sides today.
Leverage is human activities.
Leverage is important.
Leverage is improved, eliminating fastener rounding and increasing tool strength.
Leverage is key.
Leverage is leverage.
Leverage is noted here as beta.
Leverage is obtained through various financing arrangements.
Leverage is of the first class type and is more efficient than an endoskeleton.
Leverage is out, hedging is in.
Leverage is the ability to influence the path a polity takes to an objective.
Leverage is the best way to get the job done.
Leverage is the key here, and straightening things out also happens to be good for business, imho.
Leverage is the opposite of that.
Leverage is the pin in the grenade.
Leverage is the relationship between debt and equity.
Leverage is the third bit aspect to examine.
Leverage is the use of borrowed money to enhance the return on owners' equity.
Leverage is the use of borrowed money to increase the return on owners' equity.
Leverage is wonderful on the upside, but can be devastating on the downside, compounding losses.
Leverage is worse.
Leverage magnifies both the gains or the losses.
Leverage means focusing on programs that can be replicated throughout Texas.
Leverage means how much the observation pulls the fitted surface towards it .
Leverage means that users with relatively less experience can nevertheless prepare solid documents.
Leverage provides exciting opportunities for speculative-minded investor.
Leverage refers to buying bonds on margin.
Leverage reflects the business' ability to attract other loans and investment.
Leverage reflects the business ability to attract other loans and investment.
Leverage reflects the business 's ability to attract other loans and investment.
Leverage rises sharply on the combination of more debt and less net worth.
Leverage spurs progression, growth and revenues.
Leverage starts in the second year.
Leverage supports selection, sorting, and reporting.
Leverage ultimately means being willing to walk.
Leverage works in a similar way for the environment.
Leverages lower cost cables for longer life and higher reliability.
More leverage is needed for steep hills, offroad, etc.
More leverage is possible on external suppliers than on in-house developers.
Some leverage is lost with a laminal contact, but added safety is gained.
Leveraged buyout is buyout
Leveraged buyout is buyout.
Leveraged buyouts are a candidate, as well as subsidiaries of foreign owned companies.
Leveraged buyouts fulfill a useful role.
Leveraged buyouts mean careless and sleepy managers can be sacked.
Leveraged financing generates business for the whole firm.
Leveraged income is the future.
Leveraged lending comes back in fashion.
Leveraged technology can also play a part in helping clients be successful.
A leveret is a hare
Leverets additionally lend themselves to roasting and saut ing.
Leverets are born fully furred with eyes open.
Leverets are born with a little fur, full teeth, and closed eyes.
Leverets are fairly active soon after birth.
Levied assessments are subject to an annual interest charge.
Levitated water is continuously in use in medically super-vised treatment programmes.
Levitation is a phenomenon
Levitation is conceivable.
Levitation is most fascinating and is actually possible under certain circumstances.
Levitation is motion of a kind, and motion belongs to the domain of the physical sciences.
Levitation is old hat.
Levitation is phenomenons.
Levitation is pretty buggy.
Levitation is rises.
Levitation is the number one cause of injuries among the elderly.
Levity builds community and makes people more creativity.
Levity comes later.
Levity defies the weight of gravity.
Levity equals sympathy.
Levity is a powerful and effective tool.
Levity is a very scarce commodity, particularly in the Websites of our industry.
Levity is an important tool in building a sense of place online.
Levity is attempted.
Levity is feeling
Levity is feelings.
Levity is frivolity.
Levity is required here.
Levity is welcome.
Levity is wheelchair accessible.
A levy is conscription
Levies are also a means to collect debts in Florida.
Levies are charge.
Levies are conscription.
Levies are different from liens.
Levies are important, but local control is essential.
Levies built in the fields allow the water to remain in the fields.
Levies buy classroom materials and pay for new curriculum and teacher training.
Levies can be mandatory, partial or refundable.
Lewdness is a class B misdemeanor.
Lewdness is indecency
Lewdness is of the flesh.
Lewdness is offensive behavior.
Lewinsky rumor is that Santa has to be female for several reasons.
Lewisite vapors cause stinging and burning and irritation to the eyes and upper respiratory tract.
Lewy bodies appear.
Lewy bodies are also present in cells in the cortex of AD patients.
Lewy bodies are intracytoplasmic, spherical, eosinophilic neuronal inclusion bodies.
Lewy bodies are large relative to the cell.
Lewy bodies are present in the substantia nigra and locus coeruleus.
Lewy bodies occur in dopamine and non-dopamine cells outside the brainstem .
Leges bonae ex malis moribus procreantur.
Leges humanae nascuntur, vivunt, moriuntur.
Lex clavatoris designati rescindenda est.
Lexs are albums.
Lexs are transients.
Lexan cap keeps spout clean.
Lexan maps can contain multicolored backgrounds and therefore are very useful for campus layouts.
Lexan resin is super lightweight and virtually unbreakable.
Lexan sets are lighter.
A lexeme is a part
Lexemes are simply noun, verb, and adjective stems which express general concepts.
Some lexemes have several stems but one lemma .
Some lexemes have several stems but one lemma.
Lexer buffers are an abstract data type implemented in the standard library module lexing .
Lexical acceleration coincides with the onset of combinatorial speech.
Lexical actions have access to a set of class level declarations.
Lexical activation produces impotent phonemic percepts.
Lexical ambiguity is ambiguity
Lexical ambiguity is by far the more common.
Lexical analysis includes phrase recognition, word stemming, noun phrase extraction, and the like.
Lexical analysis is only a half the story.
Lexical analysis is run for all metrics except knots.
Lexical analysis provides tokens to a compiler.
Lexical analysis takes a cursory look at the program source code and divides it into proper tokens.
Lexical association predicts the plausibility of adjective-noun combinations.
Lexical chains capture the semantic relations between words that occur throughout a text.
Lexical classifications can reveal something about the cultural presuppositions of the speakers.
Lexical closures is on the list of key features to implement.
Lexical cohesion is another feature of text which makes clear the message within it.
Lexical cohesion is created by the use of lexical cohesive relations.
Lexical conventions Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Lexical descriptions come from the parser s own lexicon.
Lexical differences are few.
A lexical entry is an entry
Lexical entries are memory representations and hence can be weak or inaccessible.
Lexical equivalence is achieved by exact string match.
Lexical frequency shows a list of the lexical items found matching the search criteria.
Lexical items are the easiest elements to be borrowed from language to language.
Lexical items can be practically everything, from proper names to words, morphemes and even sounds.
Lexical knowledge appears to be used in phonemic decision-making only within a limited time frame.
Lexical knowledge drives infants' visual preferences in the absence of referential input.
Lexical knowledge is influenced by vocal expression of emotion.
Lexical knowledge is often hard to compile by hand, and even harder to port and reuse.
Lexical lookup requires a morphological analyser to associate each token with one or more readings.
Lexical phrases are easy to acquire for two reasons.
Lexical phrases fill the gap between grammar, on the one hand, and vocabulary on the other.
Lexical processing is a step on the way toward comprehension.
Lexical reflexivity is the only possible expression of semantic reflexivity.
Lexical register is to be strictly respected, except when idiom or collocation overrules it.
Some lexical rules contain the metaword except .
Lexical scope is restricted to the minimum to achieve perspicuousness and syntactic predictability.
Lexical selection is one of the most difficult problems in generation.
Lexical spurts give birth to grammatical changes in the production of small children.
Lexical stress See stress .
All lexical symbols map to themselves on the surface level by default.
Lexical transducers have many advantages.
Lexical variables are always LONG integers.
Lexical variables are easier to track and even included dereferencing information where possible.
Lexical variables are in lower case, and underscores are used.
Lexical variation includes many non-standard word forms and word meanings.
A lexicographer is a compiler
A lexicographer is a linguist
Lexicographer dramatically lowers development costs.
Lexicographer is an authoring system for creating multimedia references.
Lexicographer is an easy to learn and use professional tool.
Lexicographer is flexible.
Lexicographer is modular.
Lexicographer works well for both scholarly references and consumer dictionaries.
Lexicographer works with text files.
Lexicographers are involved with the publishing of dictionaries.
Lexicographers are linguists.
Lexicographers are rather like prospectors.
Lexicographers are workers.
Lexicographers believe rookie originated as an alteration of the word recruit .
Lexicographers can use the database for exhaustive study of lexical items found in ancient works.
Lexicographers claim that they construct their dictionaries according to usage patterns.
Lexicographers disagree amongst themselves.
Lexicographers turn almost always to that standard order-er of language, the alphabet.
Lexicographic neighbors are available.
Lexicographical research has a history at Toronto.
A lexicography is a writing
Lexicographies are writing.
Lexicography is focussed on collocations and sentence usage.
Lexicography is one aspect of applied linguistics with no specific training programmes.
Lexicography is the work of writing a dictionary.
A lexicon is knowledge
LexIcon can help.
Lexicons are companies.
Every lexicon allows translation from one direction to another.
Most lexicons define 'herpeton' as an animal or beast that goes about on all fours.
Lexide material is cut to finished size, scored and folded.
Any lexiographical study involving the Greek language possesses a valuable aid in Perseus.
Lexmark cartridges have heat resistors built into the heads.
Lexmark employees volunteer for construction work and the company pays the costs.
Lexmark printers are a favorite with top trade publications worldwide.
Lexmark printers are computer printers.
Lexmark printers are products.
Lexmark printers are some of the best from a management perspective.
Lexmark printers are well-respected for their quality and durability.
Lexol cleaner is a great product as it foams and cleans the leather very well.
Lextra graphics are. . .
LG company profile all products product est.
LG cup starts with Iran against South Korea .
LG drives are drives for life.
LG problem ch.
LG service is first rate and prompt.
LGBR reports offer recommendations and suggestions.
Lhomarrian warriors have few choices for armour, being limited to leather or bronze scale armour.
Liability coverage includes both bodily injury and property damage.
Liability coverage is available for a specific event.
Liability coverage is both the easiest and hardest coverage to gage.
Liability coverage is insurance.
Liability coverage is listed as total coverage for accident.
Liability coverage is offered through a commercial carrier.
Liability coverage is only available for certain smaller boats.
Liability coverage is provided with a signed volunteer agreement.
Liability coverage is purchased to cover claims filed by others against the university.
Liability coverage is purchased to cover claims of others involved.
Liability coverage is required for each tenant.
Liability coverage is the cornerstone of most insurance policies.
Liability coverage is the foundation of any auto insurance policy, and is required in most states.
Liability coverage needs to include general, errors and omissions, directors and officers insurance.
Liability coverage protects drivers who are at fault for an accident up to the liability limit.
Liability coverages are usually identical from form to form.
More liability coverages are available.
Liability insurance can be important.
Liability insurance can be very costly, especially where children are concerned.
Liability insurance claims.
Liability insurance covers being wrongly sued by a parent for negligence.
Liability insurance covers damage to property as well as any injuries sustained in an accident.
Liability insurance covers legal liability of an insured.
Liability insurance covers property damage and personal injury to the other driver.
Liability insurance is a concern of all individuals involved with ranch recreation.
Liability insurance is a major consideration.
Liability insurance is a minimum requirement for planes, pilots and passengers.
Liability insurance is a necessity for any commercial enterprise.
Liability insurance is a tiny cost of doing business.
Liability insurance is a vital risk management tool.
Liability insurance is also a requirement.
Liability insurance is an essential part of any child care program.
Liability insurance is available and advisable.
Liability insurance is available to organizations that present performances.
Liability insurance is broken down into two coverages.
Liability insurance is difficult and expensive to obtain.
Liability insurance is extra, though the dealership declined to say how much.
Liability insurance is included.
Liability insurance is insurance
Liability insurance is insurance.
Liability insurance is maintained for the protection of the College District.
Liability insurance is mandatory for each commerial vendor.
Liability insurance is mandatory.
Liability insurance is no longer a cost.
Liability insurance is paid by the Rutherford County group.
Liability insurance is paid for by fundraising, so the only cost to the student parents is time.
Liability insurance is perhaps the most important insurance to maintain.
Liability insurance is provided at no cost to the resident.
Liability insurance is provided by applicable federal law.
Liability insurance is provided only within the scope of the authorized travel.
Liability insurance is provided through the association with a paid membership.
Liability insurance is provided.
Liability insurance is purchased from the bursar's office.
Liability insurance is relatively inexpensive.
Liability insurance is required and is provided through the department.
Liability insurance is required as a minimum for every car driven in Spain.
Liability insurance is required by Georgia law.
Liability insurance is required by the state in which the vehicle is registered.
Liability insurance is required for all visitor operations.
Liability insurance is required for everyone who drives an automobile in Texas.
Liability insurance is required of all contestants in any Bass Champs Tournament event.
Liability insurance is required to conduct mining activities in Pennsylvania.
Liability insurance is required to participate in clinical agency experience.
Liability insurance is required to participate in the program.
Liability insurance is required when entering into Mexico.
Liability insurance is required when operating anywhere except on the owner's private property.
Liability insurance is required.
Liability insurance is the minimum required by law.
Liability insurance is the most important coverage.
Liability insurance is the most important.
Liability insurance is up for renewal.
Liability insurance needs to be obtained prior to initiating an agritourism business.
Liability insurance pays defense costs and damage awards.
Liability insurance pays only when a covered driver is responsible for an accident.
Liability insurance protects homeowners from losses due to accidents and negligence.
Liability insurance protects the notary public.
Liability insurance remains at the standard rate.
Liability law is meant to compensate specific individuals for specific wrongs.
Liability laws differ in each state.
Liability waivers are now a part of the federation membership application.
A liability is susceptibility
Liabilities abound, each one requiring serious attention from sponsors and their legal counsel.
Liabilities are accrued expenses, expenses that have added up over time.
Liabilities are almost nil.
Liabilities are amounts owed to other people which decrease the value of the organisation.
Liabilities are amounts owed to others.
Liabilities are amounts that are owed by a business.
Liabilities are an organization's debt.
Liabilities are automatically aged.
Liabilities are balance sheet accounts.
Liabilities are broken-down into two categories, current and long term.
Liabilities are creditors who have provided cash to the company.
Liabilities are debts owed by the firm, e.g. accounts payable and loans payable .
Liabilities are debts the person owes.
Liabilities are debts which have to be paid eventually.
Liabilities are funds obtained from creditors.
Liabilities are great.
Liabilities are limited to the purchase price of the bull.
Liabilities are more important.
Liabilities are obligations a company owes to outside parties.
Liabilities are obligations of a business or organization, or claims against assets.
Liabilities are obligations of the business enterprise.
Liabilities are possessions.
Liabilities are similarly divided.
Liabilities are simply what the bank owes.
Liabilities are susceptibility.
Liabilities are the claims of creditors against the assets.
Liabilities are the debts of the company.
Liabilities are the initial capital expenditure plus debts.
Liabilities are what a company owes, such as notes payable, trade accounts payable and bonds.
Liabilities are what is owed.
Liabilities are what the business owes such as vendor bills, loans, notes and leases.
Liabilities are what the firm owes to outisders.
Liabilities can be anything.
Liabilities can be to creditors, shareholders, customers, etc.
Liabilities come up because companies worry about being sued for wrongful termination.
Liabilities consume cash.
Liabilities differ by type of insurer.
Liabilities increase or decrease as obligations are incurred or liquidated.
Liabilities Indicates the average interest rate that a company borrows at.
Liabilities Is the legal obligation that one person has to pay back another in cash or kind.
Liabilities represent an obligation that has arisen as the result of a previous transaction.
Liability also is an issue.
Liability arises automatically at the moment of the improper payment.
Liability arises out of the lack of individuals who are willing to take responsibility.
Liability arises when the undertaken improvement itself creates an unreasonably dangerous condition.
Liability attaches once a child is placed in state custody.
Liability attaches to any person or entity responsible for the harm.
Liability based on wilful blindness is subjective.
Liability based upon rights statutes is examined, along with consideration of the typical defenses.
Liability becomes a very real concern.
Liability begins after the property has been empty for three months.
Liability can arise even if neither of the former lovers is a supervisor.
Liability can arise in every phase of the employment relationship.
Liability can arise, for instance, under federal and state anti-discrimination statutes.
Liability can attach from the negligent perfor- mance of a voluntary undertaking.
Liability can be a big issue, have a mechanic inspect the vehicle.
Liability can extend to more than one person.
Liability can go the other way, as well.
Liability can represent a financial burden.
Liability can result in such cases.
Liability comes from knowledge and control over the content.
Liability continues to accrue for ads pulled under contract.
Liability costs money.
Liability covers damages to others that result from the accident.
Liability depends on establishing that the organisation failed to take reasonable care.
Liability depends on the existence of a duty of care which is breached.
Liability enters the picture when there is disregard for the law or neglect.
Liability exists even if the material published is true.
Liability exists even where the agent is in violation of express policies of the building owner.
Liability exists regardless of who supplied the alcohol, or even where it was consumed.
Liability falls to the corporation, with shareholders responsible for the amount of investment.
Liability goes further than cause.
Liability has an important legal dimension as well.
Liability increases exponentially.
Liability is a big issue.
Liability is a bit trickier.
Liability is a common thread which runs through any discussion of trust.
Liability is a concern for every fleet.
Liability is a concern of every executive.
Liability is a different cover.
Liability is a fact-specific issue.
Liability is a final consideration.
Liability is a legal term.
Liability is a major concern.
Liability is a major factor in law enforcement.
Liability is a major issue.
Liability is a primary concern of the landowners.
Liability is a problem when our volunteers have a dual responsibility.
Liability is a protective measure for the potential victim.
Liability is a question of law and contract.
Liability is a real issue.
Liability is a red herring.
Liability is a related concern.
Liability is a small part.
Liability is a vital aspect of nuclear safety.
Liability is absolute.
Liability is all the rage now.
Liability is also a concern.
Liability is also a consideration.
Liability is also a major concern on both sides of the issue.
Liability is also a serious consideration for companies in a recall situation.
Liability is an issue that emerges in any discussion of shared client information.
Liability is an issue.
Liability is another important consideration for physicians involved in clinical trials.
Liability is another issue.
Liability is assessed on the individual circumstances of each motor vehicle accident.
Liability is backed up by insurance.
Liability is based upon the decision made.
Liability is clear.
Liability is clearly upon the other two drivers, both of whom are insured.
Liability is covered.
Liability is determined through a series of legal definitions.
Liability is due to utility fund.
Liability is expressly limited to the schedule of daily rental rates.
Liability is fairly inexpensive and worth considering.
Liability is imposed for varying degrees of negligence.
Liability is imposed to prevent sales of harmful products.
Liability is imposed upon both parents.
Liability is joint and several.
Liability is legal responsibility.
Liability is limited only to the member of the scheme.
Liability is limited solely to replacement of faulty merchandise.
Liability is limited solely to the workshop or course fee paid.
Liability is limited to a re-run of the corrected ad.
Liability is limited to contract amount.
Liability is limited to correcting any inaccurate information.
Liability is limited to cost of portion of space occupied by error.
Liability is limited to cost of the replacement part.
Liability is limited to double the contracted sum.
Liability is limited to one million dollars for each flight.
Liability is limited to publishing a corrected biography.
Liability is limited to refund of contract purchase price.
Liability is limited to repair or replacement of defective parts.
Liability is limited to repair or replacement only.
Liability is limited to replacement of product only.
Liability is limited to replacement or repair of the Product only.
Liability is limited to the assets of the company.
Liability is limited to the cash value of the promotion.
Liability is limited to the cost of our services.
Liability is limited to the cost of services provided.
Liability is limited to the cost of shipping only.
Liability is limited to the cost of space rendered valueless by the error.
Liability is limited to the cost of the space occupied by the error.
Liability is limited to the cost portion of the space occupied by the error.
Liability is limited to the extent of the company.
Liability is limited to the first run.
Liability is limited to the individual investments of the stockholders.
Liability is limited to the price of the ad.
Liability is limited to the price of the item sold.
Liability is limited to the price paid for subject product.
Liability is limited to the repair or replacement of the defective item.
Liability is limited to the repair, refund, or replacement in kind at the company's sole option.
Liability is limited to the replacement cost of the original order.
Liability is limited to the return of payment only.
Liability is limited to the value of the digitized design.
Liability is limited to their investment.
Liability is limited.
Liability is of particular concern in investment and insurance companies.
Liability is often easy to determine.
Liability is one practical concern for schools, administrators, and substitute's themselves.
Liability is questionable.
Liability is reduced for the new owner and the institutions providing financing the project.
Liability is reduced to a minium.
Liability is reduced.
Liability is required in most states.
Liability is restricted solely to the cost of the course paid for by the registered student.
Liability is scaled according to intent, but it's still liability.
Liability is strict, joint and several, and retroactive.
Liability is strict, retroactive, and joint and several.
Liability is strict.
Liability is the key word here.
Liability is the most controversial part of any tobacco settlement.
Liability is the operative word here.
Liability is tricky, so check with an accountant.
Liability is unlimited.
Liability is yet another important issue to be managed.
Liability is, however, limited to the course fee.
Liability is, unfortunately, always an issue when inquires are made about health related matters.
Liability lessens because the facility is safer.
Liability Let's face it.
Liability lies where the knowledge exists.
Liability means fault.
Liability means responsibility under the law.
Liability never ends.
Liability refers to the responsibility for what is charged onto an account.
Liability remains a complex issue and requires further experimentation.
Liability remains to be one of the biggest obstacles.
Liability rests with each legal entity concerned.
Liability results only when one makes an unauthorized copy of a document.
Liability seems to be a drawback to many administrators.
Liability suits no one.
Liability Understand the personal liability of a service manager.
Liability works that way, too.
Liability usually falls on the party that owns the PCs loaded with pirate software.
All liabilities are limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
All liabilities remain the corporation's responsibility.
All liability is assumed by the user.
All liability is borne by the user.
All liability is excluded to the extent permitted by law including any implied terms.
All liability is excluded to the extent permitted by law.
All liability is limited to the exact amount of the service fee tendered.
All liability is on the user.
All liability is placed with the user.
All liability is the responsibility of the home school.
All liability is the sole responsibility of the end user.
All liability lies on the manufacturer of the equipment.
All liability lies therein.
All liability remains to their respective owners.
Any liability is covered solely by company assets.
Any liability is limited only to charges for service or data.
Any liability is only for purchased products.
Any liability is rejected.
Any liability rests with the respecting author.
Every liability is just an asset in hiding.
Some liability is waived for foreclosure, but cleanup costs remain c.
A liaison is a line
Liaisons Abroad can arrange packages and concert tickets .
Liaisons act as translators for the academic departments.
Liaisons address common issues within higher education and the interfraternal community.
Liaisons also provide support for faculty with library collections.
Liaisons also work with collection development and conduct library instruction sessions.
Liaisons are also available to students for subject-specific research assistance.
Liaisons are also to summarize and collate reports received from committees.
Liaisons are an effective way to truly show how the library and the faculty are partners.
Liaisons are an integral part of the community justice infrastructure.
Liaisons are channels.
Liaisons are community volunteers.
Liaisons are generally juniors or seniors.
Liaisons are happy to answer questions about ordering materials.
Liaisons are links between words.
Liaisons are responsible for advising consultants of meeting dates and times.
Liaisons are responsible for completing the forms.
Liaisons are responsible for overseeing the development of the collection in their subject areas.
Liaisons are responsible for the development of the collection in assigned areas.
Liaisons are to bring information about any additional corrections to the next meeting.
Liaisons are to propose a schedule to the department chair for approval.
Liaisons are wellness advocates who help spread the word on campus about our upcoming events.
Liaisons can be more informal.
Liaisons can get the information and distribute quickly.
Liaisons can take two forms.
Liaisons don t run in our family.
Liaisons help shape our online community.
Liaisons make possible clear and consistent communication.
Liaisons meet monthly and help disseminate partnership information to teachers in their schools.
Liaisons notify chairs within their areas of responsibility on an annual basis.
Liaisons pass along book reviews and prepare purchase request forms for the acquisitions department.
Liaisons play different roles in the schools.
Liaisons provide staff with guidance regarding report content, resources, and peer reviewers.
Liaisons receive information, newsletters and announcements of upcoming special events.
Liaisons serve as ex officio members.
Liaisons serve as intermediaries between the school and the home.
Liaisons submit departmental requests for new periodicals subscriptions.
Liaisons take place and some last beyond the dancing.
Liaisons track spending and report to the departments on fund availability.
Liaisons often make sure a child is fed and has warm clothes.
Most liaisons have authorization to change course restrictions, using the CRT function.
A liana is a vine
Lianas are important to the Amazonian Indian shamans.
Lianas are springy and strong, able to support an adult s weight.
Lianas are very common and can be very thick.
Lianas are vines.
Lianas are well developed under the canopy.
Lianas compete for light with their host trees and displace the foliage of the host tree.
Lianas provide critical connections among trees to allow arboreal animals to move from tree to tree.
Lianas send roots that hang in midair, called aerial roots.
Many lianas typically hang from the tree.
Some lianas are as large in diameter as trees, and thousands of feet long.
A liar is a slicker
Liar isa individual.
Liar isa person.
Liar isa somebody.
Liar isa someone.
LIAR opens with Middle-Eastern melodic stylings.
Liars also make more movements with the legs, such as tapping or swinging a foot as they speak.
Liars are capable of fools.
Liars are capable of promise.
Liars are dangerous, more dangerous than most people realize.
Liars are deceivers.
Liars are especially prone to the tensing of muscles around the mouth and cheek area.
Liars are located in government.
Liars are people.
Liars become truth tellers.
Liars believe others lie.
Liars can tell a plausible tale, especially when asking for charity.
Liars depend on that.
Liars end by deceiving themselves.
Liars have (part) arms.
Liars have (part) body substances.
Liars have (part) cell membranes.
Liars have (part) cells.
Liars have (part) corpi.
Liars have (part) cytoplasm.
Liars have (part) heads.
Liars have (part) human bodies.
Liars have (part) legs.
Liars have (part) material bodies.
Liars have (part) necks.
Liars have (part) nuclei.
Liars have (part) personality.
Liars have (part) plasma membranes.
Liars have (part) sections.
Liars have (part) vacuoles.
Liars have no part in the Kingdom of Heaven.
Liars have secrets.
Liars have To have a perfect memory and know How to make stories sound like they're the truth.
Liars know the truth but tell untruth.
Liars lie because it's easy.
Liars live in a world of fantasy.
Liars ought to have good memories.
Liars pick their targets.
Liars prevail for a time, but eventually their walls come tumbling down.
Liars Take any claim made by a spammer with a truckload of salt.
Liars use deceit.
Liars always lie, the other always tells the truth.
Liars often give details.
Liars often give themselves away by facial expressions or changes in vocal pitch.
Liars often influence other people to tell lies.
Liars often pull their body inward when lying to make themselves feel smaller and less noticeable.
Liars often reveal their lies through uncontrolled body language.
All liars are mendacious persons.
Most liars use deceit.
Some liars are heartless.
Some liars suffer from disorder.
Some liars suffer from impulse control disorder.
LibAgent today welcomes a new maintainer.
LibanPost service delivers every day except on Sundays.
A libation is serving
Libation is an act of pouring drinks as offering to ancestors.
Libation is offered to our ancestors as a convocation for auspicious events.
Libation is one of the oldest and perhaps least understood religious rituals.
Libations are drinks.
Libations are helpings.
Libations are religious ceremony.
Libations range from bottled water to wine.
Libel is a message
Any libel providing it is sufficiently serious can also lead to criminal proceedings.
Libelous material is banned.
Libelous material is that which tends falsely to injure the reputation of another.
Liberal accomplishments are surely, in some degree, connected with liberal principles.
Liberal activists are just very vocal.
Some liberal activists think so.
Liberal alternatives fail.
Liberal arts are a crucial part of a complete education.
Liberal arts are the arts and sciences required to make a person a liberally educated person.
Liberal arts background a plus.
Liberal Arts elective.
Liberal arts form the educational center of North Park.
Liberal arts graduate seeks position doing any job anywhere.
Liberal arts is a process.
Liberal arts means more than just a field of study.
Liberal babes are better in bed, too.
Liberal beliefs are varied.
Liberal bias is the result of how they see the world.
Liberal candidates can now win the party nomination without the support of the Southern states.
Liberal capitalism is the most dynamic social system humanity has ever created.
Liberal capitalism stresses the absolute autonomy of the individual capitalist, or owner of capital.
Liberal citizens are the uneducated.
Liberal classicism is premised on the idea of an homo economicus , or economic man .
Liberal clergy are uncomfortable talking about it.
Liberal columnists harp on conservative issues and conservative columnists harp on liberal issues.
Liberal commentaries explain it away.
Liberal commentators are guilty of the same thing.
Liberal commentators love to warn against the dangers of returning to a Soviet foreign policy.
More liberal conditions indicate a more positive evaluation of the franchise by the loan officers.
Liberal constitution is promulgated in Portugal for a hereditary monarchy.
Liberal corruption is transformed into the best excuse for liberal legislation.
Liberal critics elevate themselves above Scripture.
Liberal critics feel strengthened.
Liberal democracies are imperfect because men and women are imperfect.
Liberal democracies make extraordinary cultural demands on their citizens.
Liberal democracy encourages mediocrity and compromise.
Liberal democracy is a fragile thing.
Liberal democracy is now the prevalent constitutional model over much of the globe.
Liberal democracy is qualified democracy.
Liberal democracy is, by contrast, chastened.
Liberal discovery is one way to achieve the purposes of the Maine Rules of Civil Procedure.
Many liberal economists go further.
Liberal education develops further powers of the mind.
Liberal education ensures sensitivity to and fair treatment for all people.
Liberal education has a fundamental role to play in the university of the future.
Liberal education has something to do with the creation of a learning community.
Liberal education includes the total experience.
Liberal education is education for citizenship.
Liberal education is education in culture or toward culture.
Liberal education is education in culture.
Liberal education is elitist.
Liberal education is elusive, as much a matter of style as of substance.
Liberal education is emphasized during the freshman and sophomore years.
Liberal education is in conflict with the founding principle of our government and society.
Liberal education is inherently an education in experiential social practice.
Liberal education is liberation from vulgarity.
Liberal education is more important than ever.
Liberal education is seen as a luxury.
Liberal education is the necessary endeavor to found an aristocracy within democratic mass society.
Liberal education is the way to do that.
Liberal education offers students a sense of the human imprint for both good and evil.
Liberal education provides a key to life enrichment generally.
Liberal education provides the foundation of knowledge for the professional nurse generalist.
Liberal education rests on a free and open exchange of ideas.
Liberal education sets itself another, more difficult goal as well.
Liberal elites tend to belittle the poor as victims needing their expertise.
Liberal experts hold almost all academic positions dealing with poverty.
Liberal feminism is and has failed children.
Liberal feminism is divided on the issue.
Liberal feminists claim that man sees motherhood as inferior and tries to fit women into that role.
Some liberal feminists believe that sexism causes anorexia and other eating disorders.
Liberal fertilization is the key to continued high productivity.
Liberal footage showing the city's scenic places is included.
Liberal freaks are the biggest hypocrites in history.
Liberal generosity is Massachusetts's other name.
Liberal governance means limited governance.
Liberal government takes power.
Liberal groups are ecstatic.
Liberal groups see that as a major flaw in the legislation.
More liberal groups are even more enthusiastic.
Liberal hypocrisy is a very easy target.
Liberal hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Liberal ideas are already to be found in the works of many of the earlier writers.
Liberal ideas are everywhere.
Liberal ideas are on the wane in Russia today.
Liberal idealism seeks to transform society by social engineering.
Liberal ideology embraces no moral absolutes.
Liberal ideology supports such goals.
Liberal illustrations link real parts to symbols and connections between parts to schematics.
Liberal judges believe in a generous or expansive interpretation of the Bill of Rights.
Liberal jurists go local.
Liberal librarians like to take what they find and leave it better than they found it.
Liberal mercy has no bounds.
Liberal ministers mock old-fashioned biblical sex standards.
Liberal nationalism faces a real challenge.
Liberal opinion holds it to be perfectly permissible.
Liberal opposition is about the desire for a massive increase in spending.
Liberal owner carry terms available.
Liberal parties remaining between the powerful blocks stand the risk of being crushed.
More liberal pastors relax the rule to accommodate visitors.
Liberal patriotism is a wooden nickel, and conservatives gobble it up.
Liberal platform is trickery for sure, networks keep it alive and their monopoly secure.
Liberal pluralists emphasise the role of the media in promoting freedom of speech.
Liberal policies are essential to avoid disaster.
Liberal policies begin with the view that many problems demand public solutions.
Liberal policies encourage families to avoid paying taxes.
Liberal politicians are the enemy.
Liberal politicians have an insatiable appetite for our money.
Liberal politicians propose moving to professional army.
Liberal press fails to tell the truth .
Liberal proposals are similar to the failed policies in California.
Liberal provision is made for junction points for multiple interconnections.
Liberal reformers have causality exactly backwards.
Liberal rhetoric is too shrill.
More liberal rules apply to shelf registration for employee benefit plans.
Many liberal scholars attempt to do away with the resurrection.
Liberal sites accuse it of having a sexist agenda.
Liberal society can survive dishonesty.
Liberal society has a high degree of moral content because of the emphasis on individual freedom.
Liberal society is to be earned through discipline and responsibility toward our weaknesses.
Liberal studies allows individually designed programs of study.
Liberal studies expose students to human and social forces that shape the world.
Liberal studies focuses on developing skills as well as developing broad knowledge.
Liberal studies is an opportunity to learn.
Liberal studies prepares students to think more broadly and creatively.
Liberal studies provide the student with a future, which includes career mobility.
Most liberal theologians tend to approach passages in the Bible differently.
Liberal theology is tolerated in many places, sins and transgressions likewise.
Liberal theories emphasize the importance of individual independence.
Liberal thinkers belittle our observation which has caused self-doubt in the past.
Liberal thinkers claim that liberal toleration is the most desirable solution for conflict.
Many liberal thinkers commit themselves to some version of communicative democracy.
Liberal tolerances allow a faster rate of production and lower cost.
Liberal toleration is symmetrical, given by each and received by each.
Liberal use is made of case studies in public management.
Liberal use is made of cases and incidents, some international in nature.
Liberal use is made of photographs.
Liberal use is made of table connectors, simplifying module removal.
Liberal voters can be conservative investors.
Most liberal voters are pragmatic about their ballots.
Liberal whites have a large investment in their claim to moral enlightenment.
Liberal women keep pets for sex.
A liberal is an adult
Liberals act indignantly shocked to find injustice, poverty, hypocrisy, or oppression.
Liberals actually believe that welfare is good for people.
Liberals actually hate wealth because they hate all success.
Liberals actually think they're helping when they sign death certificates.
Liberals advance their agenda slowly behind a deceptive veil.
Liberals also contest making the funding of abstinence programs a priority.
Liberals also give murdering regimes in Africa a free ride.
Liberals also have the conceit that they are on the side of good.
Liberals also note the democratic nations almost never war against one another.
Liberals also tend to prefer less regulation of private social conduct.
Liberals answer that there is no real crisis.
Liberals appeal to compassion, while conservatives appeal to consequences.
Liberals are a little more devious.
Liberals are about envy, which was once disdained as one of the seven deadly sins.
Liberals are about the control.
Liberals are adults.
Liberals are against the country.
Liberals are also less wary of public deficits than conservatives.
Liberals are always frightened by diversity of opinion.
Liberals are always out and about busily warning about the evil conservatives taking away rights.
Liberals are at least more consistent on the general principles.
Liberals are at least semi-intellectually honest in their beliefs about the role of government.
Liberals are consistently more amusing when they are out of power.
Liberals are detested in almost every social circle.
Liberals are essential to the smooth functioning of modern capitalist society.
Liberals are fond of criticizing the sexual moral code laid down in Scripture.
Liberals are fond of saying that the rich got that way simply because they won life's lottery.
Liberals are friendly, yes, but only if they can do a bit a hating in the process.
Liberals are funny.
Liberals are furious that congressmen still DARE demand impeachment.
Liberals are glum.
Liberals are good parrots if nothing else.
Liberals are highly concerned about the reputation of feminism.
Liberals are hypocrits.
Liberals are in favor of helping the poor, the minorities and the disadvantaged.
Liberals are intelligent agents.
Liberals are irrelevant.
Liberals are just better at masking their prejudice.
Liberals are morally neutral, like the hammer and the match.
Liberals are more cutthroat than they've ever been.
Liberals are more in favor of freedom in the social sense, but economically they're out to lunch.
Liberals are most comfortable engaging in vicious internecine battles.
Liberals are never happier than in desecrating traditional American culture and values.
Liberals are no more tolerant than conservatives.
Liberals are notorious for believing everything they hear from the government.
Liberals are notoriously ineducable.
Liberals are often too afraid of offending people.
Liberals are people of the state who believe that government holds a claim to what people earn.
Liberals are people.
Liberals are political parties.
Liberals are quick to recognize the truth of whatever they make up.
Liberals are really the addictive ones to big tobacco.
Liberals are serious professionals.
Liberals are so egotistical, they think they know what is best for our kids.
Liberals are so involved with hypersensitivity and symbolism over substance.
Liberals are spotty in their compassion.
Liberals are the adults in the church whom the children of conservatives can talk to.
Liberals are the ones willing to ask hard questions about efficiency and effectiveness.
Liberals are to blame.
Liberals are to real people like shadows on a wall.
Liberals are tolerant of everything except opposition.
Liberals are upside down.
Liberals are very often fools.
Liberals are willing to write off Utah.
Liberals are, to be sure, inventing the past and remembering a hoped-for future.
Liberals argue that free markets cause large disparities in income.
Liberals argue that the law is a clear breach of the separation of church and state.
Liberals argue that there is no evidence that police actions reduce crime.
Liberals argue the money for vouchers is better spent on making public schools better.
Liberals attack the current system as both unfair and unproductive.
Liberals attack welfare reform as heartless and mean spirited.
Liberals believe a bi-sexual has the right to form a double line at the welfare office.
Liberals believe bad manners are good politics.
Liberals believe in a strong military, well suited to defend the nation.
Liberals believe in affordable health care for everyone, to keep our people strong.
Liberals believe in equal opportunities for all to rise above our means.
Liberals believe in equal opportunities to rise above our education levels.
Liberals believe in equal opportunities to rise above our social status.
Liberals believe in freedom of expression, conservatives believe in freedom of enterprise.
Liberals believe in freedom, individual rights, and free markets.
Liberals believe in the freedom and sovereignty of the individual.
Liberals believe monogamy is a theory.
Liberals believe morality is the cause of immorality.
Liberals believe that group survival is more efficient than individual survival.
Liberals believe that laws can trump necessity.
Liberals believe that people are inherently selfless, or good.
Liberals believe that their politics are the product of morality.
Liberals believe that there is no shortage of work but a shortage of employment.
Liberals believe the part of the brain that controls thought is located in the lap.
Liberals believe they are struggling to overcome human frailties.
Liberals believe they know where perfection went wrong.
Liberals blame conservative intolerance and selfishness.
Liberals blame it on conservative policies, right wingers rebuke the left.
Liberals bleat about separating religion from the state.
Liberals bring poverty.
Liberals call for more gun laws as the panacea to gun violence.
Liberals call for more laws and more regulation.
Liberals call it doing good, conservatives call it enlightened self interest.
Liberals call it racist while conservatives say it s merely an attempt to justify abortion.
Liberals can be as 'closed set' as the evangelicals are, they just draw the definitions differently.
Liberals can gloat that virtually all the drop comes from lower defense spending.
Liberals can never just make a principled argument.
Liberals can no more repeal the law of supply and demand than they can repeal the law of gravity.
Liberals can only stake the survival of their philosophy on a guess.
Liberals can tuck in their anti-trust claws, too.
Liberals can win only by inducing Washington, D.C., to cut off the exit routes.
Liberals celebrate our multicultural history.
Liberals change the subject to gun control.
Liberals claim for themselves the mantle both of justice and of mercy.
Liberals claim that family values are obsolete.
Liberals claim that the Scriptures are without compassion or mercy.
Liberals claim to be the friend of the working class.
Liberals claim to protect workers.
Liberals condemn economic and social structures.
Liberals consider a college education a tool for getting revenge.
Liberals consider the media conservative.
Liberals consider the right of people to their own cultural identity as of fundamental importance.
Liberals continue to believe that satisfactory terms can be obtained for British entry.
Liberals continue to do everything humanly possible to disenfranchise active duty military.
Liberals decry Chinese working conditions as inhumane.
Liberals define citizens as holders of negative rights against the state.
Liberals definitely have an image problem.
Liberals demand the right to pick and choose what to believe and do unfettered by a higher power.
Liberals denounce racial profiling.
Liberals deny that there is a pattern for the church.
Liberals despise a social caste system, yet their actions create it.
Liberals differ with conservatives in their conception of the purpose of law.
Liberals disagree on the details but argue along similar lines.
Liberals discriminate against poor people.
Liberals do all the defining for America.
Liberals do best in bad times.
Liberals do have members in every province.
Liberals do indeed believe that sin is real .
Liberals do the same thing.
Liberals do, of course, deeply cherish the individual.
Liberals dominate the ranks of the clergy and control the vast majority of seminaries.
Liberals dominate the state seats, too, and in the local councils.
Liberals don t build institutions.
Liberals eat and breath pity and pathos.
Liberals excuse bad behavior.
Liberals face temptations of rage and incrimination.
Liberals fart up.
Liberals favor federal power over the states.
Liberals fear any break down in the so-called wall of separation between church and state.
Liberals fear being lumped with right-wingers.
Liberals feel superior to working families.
Liberals feel unworthy of their possessions.
Liberals fend off criticism of their farm aid programs.
Liberals further call for the equalisation of the age of consent for sexual activity.
Liberals generally are less suspicious of federal power.
Liberals generally take a very loose reading of anything as their view of what was really meant.
Liberals get a substantial reduction in children uncovered by health insurance.
Liberals give primacy to autonomous individuals, outside cultural contexts.
Liberals go to political conventions to get lucky.
Liberals hate conservatives.
Liberals hate it when people vote with their feet.
Liberals hate the bill because it drains so much money from federal coffers.
Liberals have a big problem, however, because judicial activism is impossible to justify.
Liberals have a different problem.
Liberals have a grander design.
Liberals have a hard time with the passionate conviction of young zealots.
Liberals have a large vested interest in the failure, pathology and dependency of blacks.
Liberals have a long-standing commitment to improve the treatment of animals.
Liberals have a lump of coal for the separatists.
Liberals have a perception problem.
Liberals have a problem with making consecutive thoughts.
Liberals have an entirely different concept of freedom.
Liberals have blood on their hands.
Liberals have good skin but their souls have pimples.
Liberals have it so easy.
Liberals have no core value but power.
Liberals have no doglike loyalty.
Liberals have short and selective memories.
Liberals have the power to kill the bill if public school vouchers are included.
Liberals have their lifestyles.
Liberals have their own reasons to enjoy the show now.
Liberals have wrought death and destruction upon mankind.
Liberals hear what they want to hear.
Liberals hold an almost religious belief in the effectiveness of government as a social tool.
Liberals ignore tradition as a matter of principle.
Liberals inhabit a world painted a thousand shades of gray.
Liberals insist on judicial oversight because they fear the tyranny of the majority.
Liberals is probably the strongest advocates of democracy.
Liberals just figure taxes take care of everything.
Liberals keep caving, and the right-wingers never do.
Liberals keep the promise.
Liberals keep the system going.
Liberals kill people with their compassion and lack of wisdom.
Liberals know as well as conservatives that the status quo is unsustainable.
Liberals know exactly where the greatest challenge to their authority lies.
Liberals lie about their height.
Liberals like to blame unjust and discriminatory social structures.
Liberals like to do things as a family.
Liberals like to kill a lot of people.
Liberals look for reinterpretation, a loophole.
Liberals love conservatives, but only if they know in their place.
Liberals love that.
Liberals love to rule.
Liberals love to say that education is the answer to our problems.
Liberals make a distinction between good and bad capitalism.
Liberals make good mobs, because cowards run in packs.
Liberals measure compassion by how many people are given welfare.
Liberals never take into account increased utilization when the government subsidizes something.
Liberals never talk like that.
Liberals never use ''conservative'' contemptuously.
Liberals nowadays reason using a far different logic.
Liberals object to that language.
Liberals only vote democrat to stop conservatives.
Liberals oppose actual social justice, while loudly advocating it.
Liberals oppose military spending and favor social welfare spending.
Liberals perceive it as exemplifying the government's appalling treatment of the poor.
Liberals play on peoples willingness to tax the rich.
Liberals point to the economy.
Liberals point to the Roosevelt administration as the best of presidencies.
Liberals prefer freedom.
Liberals prefer to skip voting and win by judicial fiat.
Liberals prepare for battle in Ottawa Centre.
Liberals proclaim party unity.
Liberals promote privacy rights only as a lie to further their hatred for people.
Liberals propose, conservatives oppose.
Liberals protest in the streets.
Liberals purpose to use budget surpluses to fully fund the system.
Liberals put more trust in the ill-defined masses than did their own class and rural relatives.
Liberals put the cart before the horse.
Liberals recognise the danger in all concentrations of power, whether economic, social or political.
Liberals refuse to make judgments on what constitutes the good life.
Liberals reject miracles.
Liberals reject the patronising and often discriminatory treatment of older people.
Liberals reject the virgin birth, substitutionary atonement, and the physical resurrection.
Liberals repeat the time-worn refrain that Vietnam was a mistake.
Liberals retain lead, healthcare still a priority.
Liberals say conservative judges practice activism, too.
Liberals say it's because of lack of funds and effective programs.
Liberals say otherwise.
Liberals say social programs have made the difference.
Liberals say tax cuts only help the rich.
Liberals say that a patriarchal system devised the old puritanical rules.
Liberals say that America is built entirely on some liberal formulas.
Liberals say that guns cause violent crime.
Liberals say that rouge nations are still years away from deploying ICBMs.
Liberals say the problem is easy access to firearms.
Liberals say their leftist policies are necessary to keep people from radicalizing to the left.
Liberals say they care about children.
Liberals say they love all people, and especially the ones they duck at cocktail parties.
Liberals say they want to learn from the most successful organization on the right.
Liberals say yes.
Liberals see a slippery slope toward coercing participants into religious activities.
Liberals see a tax cut as a giveaway to the rich, period.
Liberals see conservatives as bad, and conservatives see liberals as misinformed.
Liberals see it sometimes just as a meaningless word to allow people to keep on sprawling.
Liberals see it when they believe it.
Liberals see people as the enemy of nature.
Liberals see something here that conservatives are often too slow to pick up on.
Liberals see themselves as a sort of informal aristocracy of experts.
Liberals see themselves as peacemakers.
Liberals see vast differences in the intellectual and moral potential of people.
Liberals seem to as incapable of hatred as they are of media bias.
Liberals seem to divide into two camps.
Liberals seem to think the former is greedy while the latter is compassionate.
Liberals seem to understand what is at stake better than some conservatives do.
Liberals somehow think there is a war going on between capital and labor, which is nonsense.
Liberals speak of growth.
Liberals spend their free time making work for others.
Liberals still have a hard time west of Winnipeg.
Liberals stress the change in world politics, and wish more of it.
Liberals support a switch of agricultural spending to rural development and countryside management.
Liberals sweep to majority government.
Liberals take a clear view of the distribution process.
Liberals take heart.
Liberals take the typewriter, and that's why they rule the mainstream media.
Liberals talk about curbing the rich.
Liberals talk about rehabilitation but ignore holes in souls.
Liberals tend to be a bit younger.
Liberals tend to downplay the necessity of baptism for the remission of sins.
Liberals tend to favor reducing military expenditures in favor of domestic social programs.
Liberals tend to favor the latitude judges now have.
Liberals tend to feel it's interfering in Israeli politics.
Liberals tend to fight for personal freedoms and government support for the individual.
Liberals tend to get their way.
Liberals tend to have an ends justify the means attitude.
Liberals tend to look upon homophobia as the sin.
Liberals tend to make decisions based on what ought to work in theory.
Liberals tend to make the most noise about ethics.
Liberals tend to more strongly uphold individual - especially private rights.
Liberals tend to prefer soggy over crunchy policies.
Liberals tend to strike when they think a conservative is most vulnerable.
Liberals tend to take the reverse route.
Liberals tend to underestimate the number of women and overestimate the pain.
Liberals tend to urge more outreach programs for troubled teens.
Liberals thereby form the largest united typological demographic within the Democratic base.
Liberals think condoms are a kind of gift-wrap.
Liberals think ethnicity forgives criminality.
Liberals think freedom of speech means it is all right to use filthy words over the air waves.
Liberals think it's a contradiction in terms.
Liberals think of poverty as a material deficit that government can make good with new benefits.
Liberals think people who own their own home are rich.
Liberals think so.
Liberals think that industry pollutes and destroys the environment.
Liberals think there's nothing ghastlier than a commercial and killed the concept.
Liberals think they can improve on that.
Liberals think they have conservatives over a barrel on judicial activism.
Liberals thus stand for freedom rightly understood.
Liberals trace high joblessness to social structures of race and inequality.
Liberals try to remove it, but the first ammendment overrides ALL laws.
Liberals try to twist the facts about history and foreign policy into a lie.
Liberals typically push for more funding, while conservatives argue it already costs too much.
Liberals typically say that they want to achieve equality for everyone.
Liberals unabashedly use tragedy for regulatory conquest.
Liberals understand that government has a useful track record.
Liberals use children as pawns.
Liberals use welfare recipients to broaden and preserve their voter base.
Liberals value freedom of expression.
Liberals vow to put education and health care first.
Liberals walk to work, use candles and take a cold shower.
Liberals win majority government.
Liberals win minority government.
Liberals write letters, disguised as individual opinions.
Liberals always get a lot of credit for suffering, while never actually being made to suffer.
Liberals always get on first.
Liberals always grieve when government power loses out to personal freedom.
Liberals always hate freedom and want to jam their hateful ideas down the entire nation's throat.
Liberals always keep talking until they think of something to say.
Liberals always make a national security mess that conservatives have to clean up after.
Liberals always resort to name-calling.
Liberals always talk about grace and deny the obedience is necessary for salvation.
Liberals often blame it on violence on television, and a myriad of other excuses.
Liberals often complain that conservatives are still fighting the Cold War.
Liberals often say so.
Liberals often see conservatives as mean-spirited people who have no hearts.
Liberals often seem no kinder to intellectual than to political traditions.
Liberals often support regulation of industries and support regulatory agencies.
All liberals are the same, namecalling, lieing, cheating idiots.
Many liberals already pay for women to have abortions.
Many liberals call for legalization of drugs one day, and the ban of handguns the next.
Many liberals disagree.
Many liberals feel overwhelmed.
Many liberals now assume that criticizing the court plays into the conservatives' hands.
Many liberals pine for the day when only the police and military are armed.
Many liberals play both roles.
Most Liberals are also in favor of lower tariffs and improved relations with the United States.
Most liberals are in favor of abortion rights.
Most liberals are welfare class, or lower.
Most liberals pay little attention to the book.
Most liberals perceive democracy and non violence as sufficient to achieve their ends.
Most liberals reluctantly answer no.
Most liberals scorn it as a symbol of bone-headed racism and hate.
Most liberals think the educational system needs more money.
Some liberals are certainly guilty of looking away from solutions at odds with their orthodoxy.
Some liberals can be every bit as narrow and exclusive as some conservatives can be.
Some liberals carry tolerance one step farther into advocacy.
Some liberals have too much time on their hands.
Some liberals hold the theory of evolution out as a fact.
Some Liberals say they want sexual orientation clearly defined.
Some liberals try to highlight secularism quoting western countries as examples.
A liberalisation is relief
Liberalisation brings clear net benefits for our societies.
Liberalisation depends to a large extent on communication.
Liberalisation gives Europe the opportunity to close the gap.
Liberalisation is a common issue facing governments and business.
Liberalisation is a gradual process.
Liberalisation is by definition a disruptive process.
Liberalisation is good.
Liberalisation is the order of the day and ofcourse the liberal market is a more performance market.
Liberalisation makes it happen.
Liberalisation means privatisation.
Liberalisation means the freedom to participate in business without restriction.
Liberalisation promotes competition and greater choice and keener pricing for consumers.
Liberalisation requires new forms of regulation.
Liberalisation takes no account of other important policy measures.
Liberalism accepts the free market as the ruling principle of our society.
Liberalism aims at maximising interaction.
Liberalism also manifests a humanistic optimism.
Liberalism can become the basis of free regimes in the developing countries.
Liberalism can speak to-day if it only has the mind to.
Liberalism comes in many forms.
Liberalism defines itself as allowing anything, but doing nothing.
Liberalism denatures the gospel into ethics, ontology and mysticism.
Liberalism does have some basic concepts.
Liberalism does nothing productive.
Liberalism embodies the very heart and soul of what it means to be American.
Liberalism fails to recognize family and sexuality as matters of love and justice.
Liberalism favors and promotes a simultaneous development in economics, culture and politics.
Liberalism gives primary emphasis to the development of the spiritual qualities in the individual.
Liberalism has a positive view of the ability of human beings.
Liberalism has an elective affinity with printers' workshops.
Liberalism has confidence in the individual to live in harmony with nature.
Liberalism has that pickeling effect.
Liberalism interferes with clarity as much as conservatism.
Liberalism invokes a notion of political participation in which one makes one's voice heard.
Liberalism is a better conceived theory than multi-culturalism.
Liberalism is a failed philosophy.
Liberalism is a family of views rather than a monolithic doctrine.
Liberalism is a form of insanity.
Liberalism is a great old American political philosophy.
Liberalism is a hard habit to get over.
Liberalism is a lie.
Liberalism is a mindset just as conservatism is a mindset.
Liberalism is a philosophical dropping retrieved from the cat box of history.
Liberalism is a philosophy of sniveling brats.
Liberalism is a philosophy that is very appealing.
Liberalism is a practical, problem-solving orientation.
Liberalism is a Sin.
Liberalism is a term with many meanings.
Liberalism is a threat to humanity and progress in society.
Liberalism is a washed-up relic of the past.
Liberalism is a wondrously pliable term.
Liberalism is about change, innovation, progress and experiment.
Liberalism is about freedom.
Liberalism is about laissez faire, free markets, and greed.
Liberalism is about protecting the minority, whether from racial or economic discrimination.
Liberalism is admittedly one strong current in the shaping of American culture.
Liberalism is an inspiring, exciting philosophy.
Liberalism is another political economic animal entirely.
Liberalism is at a flicker.
Liberalism is based on compassion and caring.
Liberalism is dead meat.
Liberalism is dead.
Liberalism is Dead.
Liberalism is discredited.
Liberalism is driven by a mysterious antagonism to the moral traditions of the Many.
Liberalism is dynamic.
Liberalism is economic theories.
Liberalism is equated with vandalism.
Liberalism is explored.
Liberalism is extremely harmful in a revolutionary collective.
Liberalism is for others.
Liberalism is futile.
Liberalism is hypersensitive, waging an unwinnable eternal revolution against the smallest evil.
Liberalism is ideology
Liberalism is in a sorry state for social, historical and moral reasons.
Liberalism is in bad shape, true.
Liberalism is intelligent agents.
Liberalism is just plain evil.
Liberalism is more than just a set of political ideas.
Liberalism is much more a feeling than a thought process.
Liberalism is no longer a movement, it's in disarray.
Liberalism is no religion, no world view, no party of special interests.
Liberalism is over.
Liberalism is people.
Liberalism is political ideology.
Liberalism is rooted in the idea of looking ahead instead of looking behind.
Liberalism is smart.
Liberalism is supposed to advocate a state which is blind to skin color and other differences.
Liberalism is termed a reformist movement of a progressive nature.
Liberalism is the antithesis of freedom.
Liberalism is the belief in liberty and freedom.
Liberalism is the ideology that strives to defend that freedom for everyone.
Liberalism is the more comprehensive concept.
Liberalism is the only answer to poverty and injustice in Africa.
Liberalism is the philosophy of sniveling brats.
Liberalism is the program of naturalism.
Liberalism is the spirochete for which the media is an accommodating host.
Liberalism is the supreme form of generosity.
Liberalism is the taproot from which our republic sprung.
Liberalism is to intellectual thought what pacifism is to war.
Liberalism is totalitarianism with a human face.
Liberalism is useless, conservatism is self destructive.
Liberalism just hangs on like a summer cold.
Liberalism just seems to hang on like the common cold.
Liberalism looks to the individual.
Liberalism makes a fool out of itself.
Liberalism manifests itself in various ways.
Liberalism needs a pile of skulls.
Liberalism needs every good writer it can find.
Liberalism poisons the soul and destroys character.
Liberalism predicts multilateral cooperation in a region with a powerful and willing hegemon.
Liberalism pushes pacifism as well as legalism, disarming the anti-racist struggle.
Liberalism recognises the dangers of compromise on such a delicate and crucial principle.
Liberalism represents hope and faith in people, what they represent and the potential they have.
Liberalism requires a government of and for people.
Liberalism requires a poetic imagination.
Liberalism requires a prophetic vision.
Liberalism requires faith in government and other institutions of society.
Liberalism requires neither.
Liberalism requires the continual reform and renewal of democratic institutions.
Liberalism rests on a fundamental dichotomy between public justice and private morality.
Liberalism seeks the future.
Liberalism seeks to raise up poverty.
Liberalism seems to be related to the distance people are from the problem.
Liberalism sees merit in human striving.
Liberalism separates politics from economics.
Liberalism serves everyone, but it serves no special interest.
Liberalism shares the exhaustion of the whole interdependent and collusive trio.
Liberalism stresses the power of human reason to perfect the world and using science to find truth.
Liberalism strikes intellectualism from debate.
Liberalism subjects the law to the changing demands of the people.
Liberalism takes a very passive side to most moral issues.
Liberalism too is rooted in classical sources.
Liberalism truly is a mental disorder.
Liberalism varies from state to state.
Liberality is a character trait.
Liberality is generosity.
Liberality is the cannon of construction.
Liberality is tolerance
Liberality is tolerance.
Liberality scatters wealth with bounteous hand.
Liberalization of markets is good.
Liberalization brings net benefits, but there are also some losers among the many winners.
Liberalization depends, in turn, on both initial conditions and political reform.
Liberalization encourages wealth creation by providing easier and more varied access to capital.
Liberalization is also about offering interesting taxes to companies.
Liberalization is easing.
Liberalization is just the beginning.
Liberalization is relief
Liberalization is the new mantra of the day.
Liberalization is the process of opening telecommunication markets to competition.
Liberalization is well underway.
Liberalization makes markets work better.
Liberalization needs to be orderly.
Liberalization opens markets.
More liberalization is necessary for a fully competitive financial system.
Liberalized trade can be a substitute for antitrust actions.
Liberated inmates stand next to door of crematorium.
Liberated masturbation is the foundation for mutually orgasmic partnersex.
Liberated prisoners eat a meager meal.
Liberated software liberates the programmer.
Liberated souls are liberated in the real sense.
Liberated souls have no karmas and therefore, they are no longer in the cycle of birth and death.
Liberated souls have no karmas and therefore, they are no longer in the cycle of births and deaths.
Liberated women resume routines of normal living.
Liberated women resume the art of normal living.
Liberating action consists of spiritual practices.
Liberation day is a public holiday once every five years.
Every liberation movement is a step towards the light.
Liberation psychology defines liberation as the freedom to choose intimacy.
Liberation psychology is dependent on yielding.
Liberation theologians say it does.
Liberation theologians take note.
Liberation theology is an area which is challenging both psychoanalytic and Marxist limitations.
Liberation theology is an outlet for oppressed people to articulate their troubles.
Liberation theology is much more.
Liberation theology is theology
Liberation theology is theology.
Liberation theology is very critical of capitalist economies.
Liberation theology puts man in complete charge of building a new society and a new man.
Liberation theology tends to see the gospel liberating people from political or social bondage.
A liberation is achievement
Liberation achieved by individuals at the expense of others is an act of oppression.
Liberation begins in the kitchen, pp.
Liberation can be a collective affair.
Liberation can be view as a process of liberty, social justice and love.
Liberation can come in unexpected ways.
Liberation carries with the ideal of zest and vitality.
Liberation comes after suffering.
Liberation comes as the end of a conflict between the principles of good and evil.
Liberation comes through faith and courage.
Liberation comes through personal and public understanding.
Liberation has a high price.
Liberation has many meanings.
Liberation has nothing to do with worldly pleasures.
Liberation includes escape from our nationalisms, our hearts of stone, our racisms.
Liberation involves changing oppressive attitudes and assumptions.
Liberation is a beautiful word.
Liberation is a dynamic new innovation in the world of team development.
Liberation is a monthly magazine.
Liberation is a process of continuous change.
Liberation is a state of attitude .
Liberation is a very good issue.
Liberation is all.
Liberation is at hand.
Liberation is attained through human body only.
Liberation is devotion slave.
Liberation is hard work, it is an uphill battle.
Liberation is key to a happy life.
Liberation is more important than order.
Liberation is much more than a quest for our piece of the American pie.
Liberation is never to individual survival, but to community restoration.
Liberation is one of the deepest aspirations of contemporary man.
Liberation is overrated.
Liberation is part of the process of marketing the non-librarian support staff member.
Liberation is possible through surrendering preconceived ideas.
Liberation is possible.
Liberation is surely at the bottom.
Liberation is the corollary to enlightenment.
Liberation is the final extinction of all pain and suffering.
Liberation is the goal of all buddhist systems of practice.
Liberation is the nervous system devoid of mental-conceptual redundancy.
Liberation is the only way out.
Liberation is the physical release of valuable minerals from their waste gangue.
Liberation is the 'Release from bondage'.
Liberation is the treasured outcome.
Liberation is the undoing of the effects of internalized oppression.
Liberation is yet to come.
Liberation leads to freedom, but freedom involves responsibilities.
Liberation maximises outcomes that translate into real workplace improvements.
Liberation means freedom and right to rule themselves.
Liberation means the attainment of pure state of infinite knowledge and infinite bliss.
Liberation presupposes a recent slavery.
Liberation proceeds apace in South Africa.
Liberation Read the front page news.
Liberation reports refugees arriving in Albania have been describing terrifying scenes.
Liberation requires a search of the free list to put the liberated block in sorted order.
Liberation speaks more to our needs than celebration.
Liberations are accomplishment.
Liberations are attempts.
All liberation is co-liberation.
A liberator is a helper
Liberator carts .
Liberator is supposed to have.
Liberator seeks to be the voice of a new, radical civil rights movement.
Liberators are benefactors.
Liberators stand in dialogue with and in response to oppressors.
Liberia has (part) Liberian capital.
Liberia is part of Africa.
Liberia isa thing.
Some Liberian capital is part of Africa.
Liberian children participate in a nutrition program.
Liberian church destroyed in war needs restoration.
Liberian coffee is excellent.
Liberian corporations have no minimum capital requirement.
Many Liberian families raise crops on small plots of land owned by their communities.
Most Liberian farmers use old-fashioned farming methods, and few have modern farm machinery.
Liberian history is replete with such miscarriages of justice.
Most liberian mongeese have claws.
Most liberian mongeese have long claws.
Liberian mongeese have claws.
Liberian mongeese have long claws.
Liberian officials deny the incident occurred.
Most Liberian officials think they are above the law.
Some liberian officials confirm teenagers.
Liberian politicians consider America their first home.
Liberian politicians have a long history of making costly mistakes.
Liberian refugees continue to return home.
Liberian schools lack basic educational materials to function.
Liberian territory is also at their disposal.
Liberian has (part) arms.
Liberian has (part) body substances.
Liberian has (part) cell membranes.
Liberian has (part) cells.
Liberian has (part) corpi.
Liberian has (part) cytoplasm.
Liberian has (part) heads.
Liberian has (part) human bodies.
Liberian has (part) legs.
Liberian has (part) material bodies.
Liberian has (part) necks.
Liberian has (part) nuclei.
Liberian has (part) personality.
Liberian has (part) plasma membranes.
Liberian has (part) sections.
Liberian has (part) vacuoles.
Liberian isa individual.
Liberian isa person.
Liberian isa somebody.
Liberian isa someone.
Libero replacements are unlimited.
Libertarian anarchists agree.
Libertarian bias tends to show up more in prioritization of issues than in any particular issue.
Libertarian candidates have a much more positive message to the American people.
Libertarian candidates make great personal sacrifices to run for office.
Libertarian celebrities are a potential source of speakers for the regional dinner events.
Some libertarian commentators smell a big rat and are convinced that the story is being suppressed.
Libertarian conservatives are thin on the ground.
Libertarian creed is constraint of New Libertarian tactics.
Libertarian feminists intend to prevail.
Libertarian gathering sparks concern among anti-racists.
Libertarian government is small government.
Libertarian ideas are in and of themselves powerful and convincing.
Libertarian ideas do seem the opposite of most beliefs.
Libertarian idealism is irrefutable in argument.
Libertarian ideology is a partial vision, too.
Libertarian justice treats children as possessions of the parents without rights of their own.
Libertarian organizations have no strong leaders and no secret agendas.
Many Libertarian pros advise potential candidates to start at the grass roots.
Libertarian strength draws from the activist core of both old parties.
Libertarian struggle refuses the delegation of power.
Libertarian subscribers are also welcome from other states.
Libertarian success can happen slowly or it can happen overnight.
Libertarian themes are part of contemporary political discourse.
Libertarian thought believes in the rationality of humankind.
Libertarian values are American values.
A libertarian is an advocate
Libertarians accept no restrictions on political speech, no exceptions.
Libertarians accept, while determinists reject, the idea of agent causation.
Libertarians actually occupy office.
Libertarians advocate a free marketplace for services, goods, thought and speech.
Libertarians advocate a high degree of both personal and economic liberty.
Libertarians advocate a new notion of democratic decision making, the idea of the super majority.
Libertarians advocate a two part solution.
Libertarians advocate both economic and civil liberty.
Libertarians advocate maximum individual freedom, initiative, and self reliance.
Libertarians advocate much less government, individual responsibility, and personal freedom.
Libertarians advocate self-government.
Libertarians agree, but have a better solution.
Libertarians also extend the sphere other social interactions.
Libertarians also have dreams, however improbable, about winning over the poor and minorities.
Libertarians also note that city laws which disarm the citizens give criminals the advantage.
Libertarians also object that there is no libertarian country to emigrate to.
Libertarians also support privatizing the public school system.
Libertarians apparently choose their leadership in an annual state convention.
Libertarians apply the non-coercion principle to all human behavior.
Libertarians are a conservatives conservative.
Libertarians are a cult.
Libertarians are advocates.
Libertarians are against all taxes or against high taxes.
Libertarians are against foreign aid.
Libertarians are against governemnt vouchers for private schools.
Libertarians are aghast at the invasion of privacy.
Libertarians are all over the map when it comes to ideology.
Libertarians are also quite active on the Internet.
Libertarians are anarchists at heart.
Libertarians are anarchists with money.
Libertarians are big on personal rights.
Libertarians are colour-blind, treating all people as sovereign individuals with the rights thereof.
Libertarians are correct in condemning the growing power of the federal government.
Libertarians are different.
Libertarians are fanatical about freedom and egalitarians about equality.
Libertarians are far less caught up in the notion of privacy.
Libertarians are far more loyal to their principles than to party interests.
Libertarians are for real change.
Libertarians are for the people and demand smaller government.
Libertarians are for upholding the Constitution.
Libertarians are good guys and coercive collectivists are bad guys.
Libertarians are here to light the way.
Libertarians are ideologues, and they have an ideology every bit as much as the communists had.
Libertarians are in touch with the mood of America.
Libertarians are individualists.
Libertarians are intelligent agents.
Libertarians are into linear reasoning and quantitative analysis.
Libertarians are moral idealists.
Libertarians are neither Left nor Right on the political spectrum.
Libertarians are neither.
Libertarians are often grotesquely anti-environmental in terms of regulation.
Libertarians are out to fundamentally change the political culture in America.
Libertarians are pathetic.
Libertarians are persons who are, above almost everything else, highly individualistic.
Libertarians are philosophers.
Libertarians are practical idealists.
Libertarians are really different.
Libertarians are rights abiding , choice driven, principled and honest in their thinking.
Libertarians are self-governors in both personal and economic issues.
Libertarians are self-governors in both personal and economic matters.
Libertarians are serious about ending the drug war.
Libertarians are still in a fight about over legalized abortion.
Libertarians are sure to fail.
Libertarians are sure to succeed.
Libertarians are the cruelest.
Libertarians are the kindest.
Libertarians are the most obscure.
Libertarians are the most obvious.
Libertarians are the most peaceful.
Libertarians are the most violent.
Libertarians are the new evangelists.
Libertarians are the only people trying to push the 'Rewind' button.
Libertarians are the only politicians with values.
Libertarians are the only real alternative to the political status quo.
Libertarians are the original 'less government' party.
Libertarians are tolerant.
Libertarians are too cerebral and their desire for theoretical consistency is detached from reality.
Libertarians are very aware and cautious of tyranny of the majority.
Libertarians are, by definition, self-governors in both personal and economic matters.
Libertarians are, of course, worried.
Libertarians assert that the less government the better.
Libertarians believe each individual has the right to life, liberty, and property.
Libertarians believe even less in government solutions.
Libertarians believe everything is property.
Libertarians believe in drastically smaller government.
Libertarians believe in individual liberty and personal responsibility on all issues at all times.
Libertarians believe in limited government, individual freedom, and personal responsibility.
Libertarians believe in minimal goverment involvement on all political issues.
Libertarians believe in minimal government involvement on all political issues.
Libertarians believe in minimal government, which, of course, means minimal taxation.
Libertarians believe in neither.
Libertarians believe in no government regulation at all.
Libertarians believe in open discussion of all controversial issues.
Libertarians believe in protecting the rights of the individual.
Libertarians believe in small government, lower taxes, and greater personal responsibility.
Libertarians believe in the American heritage of liberty, enterprise, and personal respons-ibility.
Libertarians believe in the American heritage of liberty, enterprise, and personal responsibility.
Libertarians believe in the American heritage of liberty, patriotism, and personal responsibility.
Libertarians believe in the clear separation of legislative, executive, and judicial powers.
Libertarians believe in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights.
Libertarians believe in the repeal of laws regulating or prohibiting gambling.
Libertarians believe market growth is the best way to achieve livable communities.
Libertarians believe that being free and indepen-dent is a great way to live.
Libertarians believe that being free and independent is a great way to live.
Libertarians believe that education is primarily a parental responsibility.
Libertarians believe that free individuals remain free by limiting the powers of government.
Libertarians believe that government has no proper role to play in education.
Libertarians believe that honesty is always the best policy.
Libertarians believe that human beings deserve to be treated with respect and decency.
Libertarians believe that libertarians know the income tax is wrong.
Libertarians believe that moral excellence has long range survival and economic advantages.
Libertarians believe that people are sovereign.
Libertarians believe that people are too evil to be trusted with the power of government.
Libertarians believe that property belonging to everyone is the responsibility of no one.
Libertarians believe that property rights come from self-ownership.
Libertarians believe that the government has no business dictating morality.
Libertarians believe the least in human goodness.
Libertarians believe the most in human goodness.
Libertarians believe wilderness lands and open spaces are best protected by voluntary groups.
Libertarians buy into the system to a still lesser degree.
Libertarians buy more guns, but anarchists use more ammo.
Libertarians can often come off as cold and uncaring.
Libertarians can win races at the local level, at least in Michigan.
Libertarians can win victories, and make the lives of our neighbors better.
Libertarians chafe against virtually all forms of government activity.
Libertarians complain that the state is parasitic, an excrescence on society.
Libertarians defend individual rights.
Libertarians define natural rights as the practice of non-aggression.
Libertarians deplore the initiation of coercive force by anyone including the government.
Libertarians deplore the initiation of force and violence, by government or anyone else.
Libertarians disavow the initiation of force.
Libertarians do accept some limitations on personal behavior.
Libertarians do believe in generally accepted moral principles.
Libertarians do exist in both major parties.
Libertarians do it today because tomorrow it'll be illegal.
Libertarians eat babies.
Libertarians engage in a variety of projects, working for everyone's liberty on every issue.
Libertarians experience a certain degree of misinterpretation.
Libertarians favor a free market, open to individuals who work hard and risk their own money.
Libertarians favor extremely limited government.
Libertarians favor freedom and oppose government action to promote either equality or order.
Libertarians favor increases in both economic and personal liberty.
Libertarians favor letting private charities be more involved.
Libertarians feel that such policies are an unjustified infringement upon individual freedom.
Libertarians generally favor open immigration as long as the immigrants are self-supporting.
Libertarians have a fierce commitment to reality.
Libertarians have a lot of great ideas.
Libertarians have a moral vision of a society that is just, because individuals are free.
Libertarians have a plan to reduce government and they mean what they say.
Libertarians have a totally different perspective.
Libertarians have another smear on their image.
Libertarians have no candidates on the ballot for committeeman and -woman or town committee.
Libertarians have no choice but to choose which rights they want government to elevate over others.
Libertarians have no shadowy agenda, merely one a decadent society has trouble grasping.
Libertarians have nothing against orderly traffic and rules of the road.
Libertarians have other ideas.
Libertarians have the strongest message in the world, a message of freedom.
Libertarians have their own ludicrous literature and claims.
Libertarians insist on less government, and individual responsibility . . .
Libertarians know all money is the people's.
Libertarians know it, and the American public knows it.
Libertarians know that there's a better way.
Libertarians merely pledge never to start the violence.
Libertarians never lose sight of that fact.
Libertarians object to many other provisions of the bill as well.
Libertarians oppose any prohibition on gun ownership by law abiding citizens.
Libertarians oppose corporoate welfare.
Libertarians oppose government funding of religious charities.
Libertarians oppose government takeovers and government imposed monopolies.
Libertarians oppose gun control, income taxes and welfare.
Libertarians oppose slavery, rape, theft, murder, and all other examples of initiated violence.
Libertarians oppose the authoritative control of the internet.
Libertarians oppose using public funds for campaigns.
Libertarians oppose zoning because it violates individual property rights.
Libertarians place importance on procedure, while leftists place importance on results.
Libertarians point out that similar laws have already been struck down in other states.
Libertarians pose the least threat to the establishment.
Libertarians pose the most threat to the establishment.
Libertarians prefer freedom in both cases.
Libertarians promote solutions based on voluntary cooperation over government action.
Libertarians realize that there is no perfect social system.
Libertarians recognize the crucial distinction between moral and political obligations.
Libertarians regard both statist recipes as false and harmful.
Libertarians reject the initiation of physical force as a means to their ends.
Libertarians rely on persuasion as the fundamental tool of social change.
Libertarians render a service to the state which only they can provide.
Libertarians respect individual choice and independant thinking.
Libertarians say do the right thing and get out of the taxicab regulation business.
Libertarians say no.
Libertarians say that attack was downplayed in the media and caused no demands to outlaw cars.
Libertarians say that markets give the right incentives, along with liability laws.
Libertarians say that obviousness is an objective notion.
Libertarians say that the government is actually the source of all the other problems.
Libertarians see a society made up of individuals with rights.
Libertarians see the individual as the basic unit of social analysis.
Libertarians seek a world in which voluntary cooperation replaces force in human relationships.
Libertarians seek to advance their causes by persuasion.
Libertarians seek to eliminate the misused force, rather than trying to balance it with more force.
Libertarians seem to have a much greater representation on the Net than elsewhere.
Libertarians seem to have formed the single biggest plurality on the net.
Libertarians seem to want it all right now.
Libertarians serve the state all the better because they declaim against it.
Libertarians simply pretend that it is their great discovery.
Libertarians speak against state's drug-war sentencing.
Libertarians stand for freedom of choice.
Libertarians stand for individual liberty and personal responsibility on all issues at all times.
Libertarians stand for individual liberty, personal responsibility, and much smaller government.
Libertarians strongly support gun ownership as a defense against crime and tyranny.
Libertarians support all ten of the Bill of Rights.
Libertarians support the free market for two reasons.
Libertarians take a skeptical view of government authority.
Libertarians take note.
Libertarians tend to approach elections as simply a mass policy debate.
Libertarians tend to be logical and analytical.
Libertarians tend to distrust the conception of positive freedom.
Libertarians think governments usually make the wrong decisions.
Libertarians think if people want to drive cars without wearing seat belts, it is their own choice.
Libertarians think outside the box.
Libertarians think people can take care of the poor without the government.
Libertarians think regulation is the problem.
Libertarians treat each individual as unique, with great potential.
Libertarians understand the importance of freedom and rights in the pursuit of life in society.
Libertarians urgently call for the immediate and drastic reduction of government.
Libertarians use a caring, people centered approach to politics.
Libertarians use freedom to free our thinking and solve problems.
Libertarians value both.
Libertarians value the freedom of others.
Libertarians view government as the cause of a great many social problems.
Libertarians view ownership in much the same light.
Libertarians welcome people of all faiths who have a strong belief in personal liberty.
Libertarians welcome voluntary social experimentation and the diversity it brings.
Libertarians yield to no one in their support for our right as individuals to keep and bear arms.
Libertarians always oppose initiation of violence.
Libertarians always put freedom first.
Libertarians frequently prefer to decentralize government power by moving it to the states.
Libertarians often come across with a directness that their rivals lack.
Libertarians often encounter the common belief that all radical political groups are violent.
Any libertarian can find comfort in that thought.
Many libertarians are equally concerned with maintaining the character of a free people, of course.
Many libertarians are heavily armed and believe the government is their enemy.
Many libertarians are in the habit of criticizing democracy as mob rule .
Many libertarians are wary of religion.
Many libertarians call themselves anarchists or anarcho-capitalists or anarcho something or other.
Many libertarians claim socialism means forcing people to work for the state at the point of a gun.
Many libertarians favor missile defense.
Many libertarians have a strong interest and appreciation for all sorts of science.
Many libertarians invest heavily in the building of logical arguments.
Many libertarians love to debate the principles of liberty.
Many libertarians now advise a third approach.
Many libertarians overlook the fact that a landlord is a government.
Many libertarians prefer to call themselves classical liberals .
Many libertarians still think one or the other party can be reformed.
Most libertarians are hard pressed to produce an adequate answer to the charge.
Most libertarians are opposed to property taxes.
Most libertarians clearly recall that defining moment in their lives.
Most libertarians fall under one of the two types of libertarians listed above.
Most libertarians focus their energies on domestic issues.
Most libertarians have no interest in returning to an idealized past.
Most libertarians view government as a destroyer of liberty.
Most libertarians view the free-nation movement with skepticism for good reason.
SOME libertarians are also pacifists and decline the use of any force.
Some libertarians are militant.
Some libertarians are pacifists.
Some libertarians believe that all violence is unjust.
Some libertarians flash to convince themselves that they are doing something for freedom.
Some libertarians protest that they have never signed the contract.
Some libertarians share at least part of that view.
Some libertarians subscribe to a very simple notion of morality.
Some libertarians use the macho flash as a litmus test for potential converts.
Some libertarians worry that the environmental movement threatens liberty.
A libertarianism is ideology
Libertarianism also seeps into other forms of governance.
Libertarianism calls for minimal government and maximum freedom.
Libertarianism can be news.
Libertarianism consists of more than advocating certain repeals and reforms.
Libertarianism has no track record.
Libertarianism is a direct attack upon the mystique of the state.
Libertarianism is a fairly simple political philosophy.
Libertarianism is a new political philosophy.
Libertarianism is a philosophical mudhut.
Libertarianism is a political philosophy which focuses on individual freedom.
Libertarianism is a political philosophy.
Libertarianism is a political philosphy.
Libertarianism is a political school that is committed to individualism and freedom.
Libertarianism is a social movement whereas politics, whatever ideology is embraced, is antisocial.
Libertarianism is a synonym for capitalism or free enterprise.
Libertarianism is absolute personal freedom tempered by absolute personal responsibility.
Libertarianism is all about individual liberty coupled with individual responsibility.
Libertarianism is America's heritage of liberty, patriotism, and honest work to make a better life.
Libertarianism is an intellectual acid test for conservatism.
Libertarianism is broad enough to encompass militants.
Libertarianism is broad enough to encompass pacifists.
Libertarianism is different from both modern conservatism and modern liberalism.
Libertarianism is highly supportive of both free markets and civil liberties.
Libertarianism is means oriented.
Libertarianism is party apolitical.
Libertarianism is the most complex ideology.
Libertarianism is the political philosophy based on the principle of nonaggression.
Libertarianism is the practice of self guidance.
Libertarianism is the simplest ideology.
Libertarianism is wrong.
Libertarianism keeps government out of the bedroom and out of the medicine cabinet.
Libertarianism maintains that legitimate use of private property by owners favors the environment.
Libertarianism opposes civil forfeiture.
Libertarianism provides no basis for a national leader.
Libertarianism provides no basis for patriotism.
Libertarianism really needs Christian influence.
Libertarianism simply makes since.
Libertarianism stands for maximum individual liberty and thus against any kind of slavery.
Libertarianism supports freedom to contract and the enforcement of contracts.
Libertarianism supports tort reform and the discouragement of frivolous litigation.
Libertarianisms are political ideology.
Libertated women piss crazy kids off.
A libertine is a bad person
Libertine is shorter, sounds better, and is more provocative than Libertarian.
Libertine is superb.
Liberty City is a good endorsement because it means support at the polls on election day.
Liberty City is a small town, near downtown Miami, high in crime, trash, and graffiti.
Liberty City is multicultural, youth oriented, and urbane.
Liberty Lake is just plain fun.
Liberty Lake is located in the Ruby Mountains.
Liberty of conscience is a key element of our platform.
Liberty of conscience is a right of man.
Liberty of conscience is fundamental to our platform.
Liberty of conscience is insanity.
Liberty of conscience is that which the church still finds it difficult to come to terms with.
Liberty of conscience is the most fundamental of all human rights, the pivot of all progress.
Liberty of conscience is the natural right of communities, as well as of individuals.
Liberty times are approximate.
Liberties are freedoms from tyranny or foreighn dominations.
Liberties are like another word for freedom.
Liberties can also play an important role in life.
Liberties is a testament to the power of the independents.
Liberties means to act freely.
Liberty is freedom.
Liberty is independence
Liberty is rockets.
All liberties have limits.
All liberty is gone.
Any liberty comes with a prerequisite of responsibility.
Every liberty is abused.
Some liberties can crash a whole plot.
Libgcj relocation announce.
Libname statements assign an alias, libref, to a directory.
All libpdb routines return a value of type pdbStatusT, which is a bitmask of error conditions.
Libpdmp discussions continue apace, checkout the archives for details.
Libran athletes excel in rugged competition, making the impossible seem pleasant and effortless.
Libran cats are completely indecisive.
Libran dogs are remarkably persuasive even manipulative.
Libran influence offers social grace, politeness and idealizes the nature of relationships.
Libran men are very popular, especially with women.
Libran women appreciate a delicate approach.
Most Libran woman are whores.
Librarian data is organized into tiles referenced by an index coverage.
Librarian listings are in most every issue.
Librarian staff are very pleased with the result.
Librarian turnover is high.
A librarian is a professional
Librarian isa adult.
Librarians add value to resources by locating, evaluating, and providing access.
Librarians already possess the skills to select and evaluate resources regardless of the format.
Librarians already use IT extensively in their administrative and managerial responsibilities.
Librarians also accept requests for special bibliographic assistance.
Librarians also assist faculty to plan appropriate research assignments.
Librarians also assist individuals in pursuing research projects.
Librarians also cite the catalog in censorship challenges.
Librarians also give tours and orientations.
Librarians also have an ethical obligation to instill a critical attitude toward online resources.
Librarians also have full-text access to hundreds of other titles, including many newspapers.
Librarians also have roles as an architects or builders of the information age.
Librarians also have to pay special attention to the services that they create.
Librarians also help vendors organize the information in their databases in a logical fashion.
Librarians also instruct classes in the use of the library's resources.
Librarians also introduce students to research using the world wide web.
Librarians also make classroom presentations on specialized legal resources.
Librarians also offer research consultations to students in their assigned liaison areas.
Librarians also provide advanced library instruction classes tailored to individual courses.
Librarians also provide instruction , research consultation , and fee-based computer searches .
Librarians also provide liaison to academic departments.
Librarians also provide specialized computer literature search services.
Librarians also provide supplementary handouts and worksheets.
Librarians also provide tips for family reading activities.
Librarians also serve in advocacy roles for the public interest.
Librarians also supervise assistants who put the books on the shelves.
Librarians also talk about the integration of information, and about pricing.
Librarians also teach credit bearing courses to support student learning.
Librarians also teach students about the use of library resources.
Librarians also teach workshops in database searching.
Librarians also use all instructional sessions to convey a helpful and friendly image to students.
Librarians also work closely with teachers to support the learning process.
Librarians answer email daily, except on weekends and holidays.
Librarians answer for the users on the spot or refer to the related divisions or agencies.
Librarians answer questions at the reference desk throughout the day.
Librarians answer questions in person and by telephone.
Librarians answer questions in person, online, and via phone.
Librarians answer questions, quide research and provide instruction in library use.
Librarians answer specific queries by telephone, fax, e-mail, letter and in person.
Librarians are a great help when it comes to finding information.
Librarians are a particular case in point.
Librarians are a strange and often misunderstood breed of folks.
Librarians are a valuable source of ideas.
Librarians are a wonderful resource when it comes to looking for articles, books, etc.
Librarians are able to assist faculty in selecting and evaluating materials.
Librarians are able to facilitate faculty use of print, media and electronic sources.
Librarians are able to use technology effectively.
Librarians are academic appointees.
Librarians are active participants in the community.
Librarians are acutely aware of the dynamics in the market for academic journals.
Librarians are almost always very helpful and often almost absurdly knowledgeable.
Librarians are already familiar with disciplines of cataloguing and classifying their collections.
Librarians are also a great help in using the library resources.
Librarians are also an excellent source of pertinent tangents.
Librarians are also available for classroom visits to discuss library services and resources.
Librarians are also available for consultation on resources for research projects and dissertations.
Librarians are also available for consultation on sources for research projects.
Librarians are also available for phone and email consultations.
Librarians are also available to answer more difficult reference and research questions.
Librarians are also available to help legislators answer questions and concerns from constituents.
Librarians are also available to work individually with students on their projects.
Librarians are also available, by faculty request, for instruction to individual classes .
Librarians are also frequently able to answer questions that students have.
Librarians are also good prospects.
Librarians are also responsible for information source evaluation, also known as quality filtering.
Librarians are always around the computers to help.
Librarians are always available to aid students in their research.
Librarians are always available to give assistance.
Librarians are always on hand to assist with research.
Librarians are among the most active users of electronic reference works and discussion lists .
Librarians are among the most prolific analysts and information surfers.
Librarians are an excellent choice for expert witness research and selection.
Librarians are another potential support system.
Librarians are anxious to help children look for interesting reading material.
Librarians are available as an information resource to faculty, students and staff.
Librarians are available as departmental liaisons to assist in collection development.
Librarians are available as speakers for any Township organization.
Librarians are available at all times for assistance.
Librarians are available at specified times to assist patrons with searches.
Librarians are available at the Information desk during most library hours.
Librarians are available at the reference desk most hours the library is open.
Librarians are available by appointment to help with lengthy reference and research concerns.
Librarians are available by appointment.
Librarians are available for a limited amount of assistance in using the Internet.
Librarians are available for assistance with Internet use.
Librarians are available for assistance.
Librarians are available for consultation and guidance in research methods.
Librarians are available for consultation on search command language.
Librarians are available for help by phone or e-mail.
Librarians are available for individual and small group consultations outside of class time.
Librarians are available for instruction in library resources, booktalks and storytelling workshops.
Librarians are available here to answer questions or to consult about research projects.
Librarians are available in person, by telephone, or on-line for special assistance.
Librarians are available on weekdays during the hours the desk is open.
Librarians are available to assist DOI employees with general and legal research.
Librarians are available to assist patrons in the use of materials and electronic databases.
Librarians are available to assist patrons who are unfamiliar with the computer.
Librarians are available to assist students and faculty in locating information.
Librarians are available to assist students and faculty whenever the library is open.
Librarians are available to assist students and researchers in locating materials.
Librarians are available to assist students doing research.
Librarians are available to assist students in their research during most of the open access hours.
Librarians are available to assist students with information and research questions.
Librarians are available to assist users in locating information.
Librarians are available to assist with research questions.
Librarians are available to help select books.
Librarians are available to help users get started.
Librarians are available to help with information resource and assist with research needs.
Librarians are available to help with research problems and explain the use of reference materials.
Librarians are available to help with research questions.
Librarians are available to provide able assistance.
Librarians are available to provide individual assistance.
Librarians are available to provide individualized assistance with research.
Librarians are available to provide instruction in the use of library resources.
Librarians are available to provide instruction sessions for off-site locations.
Librarians are available to provide instruction to any class, group, or individual at any level.
Librarians are available to suggest search strategies and sources.
Librarians are available to teach a variety of topics.
Librarians are available, by appointment, for consultation during regular library hours.
Librarians are aware of coding of purchase orders for new books and supplies.
Librarians are aware of that seductive power and are front-line advocates of critical thinking.
Librarians are better consensus builders than leaders.
Librarians are both discreet and nosy.
Librarians are both important producers and frequent consumers of book reviews.
Librarians are both instructional and administrative leaders at our campuses.
Librarians are breeders.
Librarians are busy people.
Librarians are busy.
Librarians are catalysts for the flow of information in a community.
Librarians are certainly aware of the political and technical barriers.
Librarians are clever and willing.
Librarians are committed to defending the right to read.
Librarians are committed to promoting information literacy for distance learners.
Librarians are concerned to maintain the long term integrity of the contents of published media.
Librarians are concerned, and rightfully so, with what our role in the future is going to be.
Librarians are consumers just like everyone else.
Librarians are customer service people.
Librarians are eager to assist faculty in enhancing their computer skills.
Librarians are eager to work with faculty to help build information literacy into the curriculum.
Librarians are easiest.
Librarians are effective information finders.
Librarians are eligible for leaves of absence or sabbaticals.
Librarians are eligible for membership in the faculty governing body.
Librarians are eligible for sabbaticals.
Librarians are eligible for tenure.
Librarians are even more necessary today as navigators in the ocean of available information.
Librarians are excellent sources of information.
Librarians are expert at conducting research on the Web and evaluating the information retrieved.
Librarians are experts at finding information - and at helping others.
Librarians are experts in the design and implementation of research strategies.
Librarians are experts in the retrieval, analysis, and re-packaging of information.
Librarians are fast track students.
Librarians are glad to help.
Librarians are great resources and they are there to help.
Librarians are happy to conduct a session for any beginning or advanced-level course.
Librarians are happy to demonstrate the proper use of the machines.
Librarians are heavy users of electronic mail for collaboration on projects and personal networking.
Librarians are helpful people.
Librarians are here to help.
Librarians are highly educated people with varied interests.
Librarians are in the best position to coordinate some aspects of the litigation effort.
Librarians are in the business of organising online resources.
Librarians are in the office and available throughout the work day.
Librarians are in the process of purchasing materials for their individual collection.
Librarians are in the process of selecting materials to replace or withdraw.
Librarians are in touch with teaching faculty on as-needed basis.
Librarians are indeed versatile people.
Librarians are information navigators.
Librarians are information professionals and advocates for the people they serve.
Librarians are information specialists and information generalists.
Librarians are instructors as well, assisting patrons as they access data through computer systems.
Librarians are interested in all kinds of things.
Librarians are interested in getting the most for their money.
Librarians are keepers of knowledge.
Librarians are key players in our global information society.
Librarians are knowledgeable about resources available on the global Internet computer network.
Librarians are leaders in providing summer reading activities for children.
Librarians are located in libraries.
Librarians are managers, supervisors, project leaders and consultants.
Librarians are members of the general faculty.
Librarians are more likely to have confidence in an electronic system if it works in a familiar way.
Librarians are movers and shakers in the information age.
Librarians are nearby to assist with searching.
Librarians are often in the forefront in the use, support and instruction of technologies.
Librarians are often the first defense against the censor.
Librarians are on duty and available for assistance.
Librarians are on duty at the desk most of the hours the library is in operation.
Librarians are on duty during open hours to assist with the use of the library's resources.
Librarians are on duty to help users during all of the hours the library is open.
Librarians are on duty whenever the library is open to answer questions and provide assistance.
Librarians are on technology committees.
Librarians are on the cutting edge of society.
Librarians are on the forefront of the information age.
Librarians are partners with parents.
Librarians are partnership with faculty on collection.
Librarians are pleased with pricing, quality, performance, and access rights.
Librarians are prepared to help individuals find material appropriate to the values of their family.
Librarians are prepared to offer special help with online databases and CD-ROM resources.
Librarians are proactive professionals who ensure the free flow of information and ideas.
Librarians are professionals who hold graduate degrees in library science or related fields.
Librarians are professionals.
Librarians are ready to answer reference questions submitted by phone, mail, fax, or e-mail.
Librarians are ready to cooperate with other organisations and institutions.
Librarians are really the ultimate search engine.
Librarians are responsible intermediaries between rights owners and end users.
Librarians are responsible to protect the national cultural heritage and social memories.
Librarians are selective.
Librarians are serious buyers.
Librarians are skilled information searchers.
Librarians are so nice world over.
Librarians are social animals.
Librarians are some of the best people in the world.
Librarians are specialists in the location of information.
Librarians are still the best mediators and they define and provide quality information.
Librarians are still very much in place there, too.
Librarians are teachers first.
Librarians are techno-savvy and on the forefront of the information age.
Librarians are techno-savvy on the forefront of the information age.
Librarians are techno-savvy, on the forefront of the information age.
Librarians are the easiest to operate on.
Librarians are the information professionals of American society.
Librarians are the keepers of civilization's ideas, history, accomplishments, thoughts and feelings.
Librarians are the literacy advocates and literacy leaders of schools.
Librarians are the original packrats, and the Vietnam era was a packrat librarian's dream period.
Librarians are the premiere organizers and managers of information.
Librarians are the primary guides to information resources and facilitators for their use.
Librarians are the primary guides to legal information resources and facilitators of their use.
Librarians are the quintessential information professionals.
Librarians are the secret masters of the universe.
Librarians are the secret masters of the world.
Librarians are there to help.
Librarians are traditionally information disseminators.
Librarians are trained information specialists.
Librarians are ubiquitous.
Librarians are usually glad to help.
Librarians are usually open to suggestions from the people they serve.
Librarians are usually very helpful people.
Librarians are very helpful.
Librarians are very ingenious people.
Librarians are very special people.
Librarians are well equipped to help.
Librarians are well qualified to select and manage volumes of information.
Librarians are well represented among their contributors.
Librarians are willing to share.
Librarians are wonderful people.
Librarians are workers.
Librarians ask for more books.
Librarians assign a number to each book.
Librarians assist cataloging experiment.
Librarians assist patrons with a variety of research questions.
Librarians assist people to meet their informational, educational and recreational needs.
Librarians assist users in all aspects of library research and use of information resources.
Librarians assist users in finding relevant information.
Librarians assume that a weak power base in the organisation is a function of their role.
Librarians become the cultural leaders who open up a mature knowledge society.
Librarians blame rock-bottom salaries.
Librarians bring a humility to their work with collections and clients.
Librarians bring evaluative guidance to the Web.
Librarians call it Internet literacy .
Librarians can access databases, and create databases.
Librarians can access the sites during slow moments at the reference desk.
Librarians can also answer questions about books, library programs and reading in general.
Librarians can also assist in identifying external map resources.
Librarians can also assist teachers with reading lists for students.
Librarians can also assist with online searching.
Librarians can also be coordinators because of their excellent knowledge of books and authors.
Librarians can also browse just new titles, which includes reference materials.
Librarians can also expect changes in circulation patterns when a school moves to whole language.
Librarians can also give classes and educate parents about the good and bad parts of the Internet.
Librarians can also post comments and announcements to be viewed by directory visitors.
Librarians can also prepare subject specific bibliographies to aid teachers.
Librarians can also provide assistance with the design of effective research assignments.
Librarians can also provide in-class instruction to support a particular topic or assignment.
Librarians can also provide instruction to classes on finding resources specific to course needs.
Librarians can also suggest overall strategies to assist library research.
Librarians can also verify citations.
Librarians can also visit individual classrooms for instruction.
Librarians can assist in locating reference materials.
Librarians can be a moral and resolute voice for intellectual freedom.
Librarians can be an extremely helpful and often under-used resource.
Librarians can be better prepared to reply to the inevitable last minute research requests.
Librarians can be models too.
Librarians can become familiar with the processes of research and publication.
Librarians can catalogue anything from an onion to a dog's ear.
Librarians can check other resources for titles and answer requests for special materials.
Librarians can check subscription information here .
Librarians can conduct workshops for teachers, at both elementary and secondary levels.
Librarians can count on cooperative libraries to provide infrequently used materials.
Librarians can create new possibilities and give a new dimension to their profession.
Librarians can currently choose campus or library faculty boards of review.
Librarians can directly address the assignment when teaching the library instruction session.
Librarians can discuss locating and evaluating books, articles, and Internet sites.
Librarians can do the same thing.
Librarians can edit and classify for long term archive and Internet publishing.
Librarians can e-mail documents to individuals upon request.
Librarians can explain the complicated issues involved.
Librarians can give assistance in designing Internet based assignments.
Librarians can guide citizens of all ages through the world of computer networks.
Librarians can have a role in helping people create metadata and in facilitating access to data.
Librarians can help develop a search strategy during an individual research assistance session.
Librarians can help parents learn the rules of the road.
Librarians can help patrons circumvent the distortions the stripping of ads has left in the record.
Librarians can help recommend books for all ages.
Librarians can help to make sure that certain resources are available for students.
Librarians can help users master critical information literacy skills.
Librarians can help, of course, but only so much.
Librarians can help.
Librarians can logon from any workstation with a Web connection.
Librarians can make multiple copies of a work to put on reserve.
Librarians can make our opinions matter by being professionals.
Librarians can make poetry active.
Librarians can manage information efficiently, freeing their time to assist patrons.
Librarians can now search the statewide database and instantly find out material availability.
Librarians can obtain additional details about the binding from the publisher.
Librarians can offer help on any length project, from the shortest paper through the dissertation.
Librarians can offer suggestions for high-interest books at appropriate grade levels.
Librarians can offer support through group presentations and instructional handouts.
Librarians can offer workshops or labs outside of class time for individual sign-up by students.
Librarians can only offer and maintain links to selected resources.
Librarians can participate in designing assessment products that help define what is learned.
Librarians can prepare research guides to support specific classes.
Librarians can present information on any topic, at any level, and at any time.
Librarians can provide a baseline of services, though, and expand their input from there.
Librarians can provide help in using the resources and locating the appropriate materials.
Librarians can provide help with searching.
Librarians can provide Internet training for parents and care givers.
Librarians can provide leadership in the use of copyrighted materials online.
Librarians can provide that organization.
Librarians can provide the interface between the information source and the users.
Librarians can purchase and download any e-books now.
Librarians can recommend appropriate materials and research strategies.
Librarians can register their library in the directory free of charge.
Librarians can return to their units and immediately practice what they have learned.
Librarians can search other online databases for requesters.
Librarians can search the database online for a fee.
Librarians can select all titles or build a custom library to meet their needs.
Librarians can suggest quality books for parents to read alone or with their children.
Librarians can suggest research strategies and resources.
Librarians can suggest suitable titles for particular subject needs.
Librarians can use it to help with interlibrary loan requests.
Librarians can use the chart as a tool to assist patrons with their agricultural research.
Librarians can window shop and cherry pick the best ideas for their libraries.
Librarians can write an email message to accompany the file, or leave it blank if preferred.
Librarians can write an e-mail message to accompany the file, or leave it blank if preferred.
Librarians care deeply about children .
Librarians care deeply about children.
Librarians change more lives than they know.
Librarians choose and buy books and magazines.
Librarians click here for free bookmarks.
Librarians click the mouse to select programs from menus.
Librarians comprise perhaps the most visible component of the information management community.
Librarians conduct creative craft projects and read stories in the children s area of the library.
Librarians conduct creative craft projects in the children s area of the library.
Librarians conduct searches on any of several hundred online databases, some of which are fee-based.
Librarians conduct tours of the library for classes, groups or clubs.
Librarians confront the post-industrial era, pp.
Librarians consider children's developmental stages when they plan programs.
Librarians consider the potential an item has for in-library and reference use.
Librarians constantly meet with faculty and attend faculty meetings.
Librarians continue to debate information literacy vs. library skills.
Librarians contribute to the database through a web interface, so they don t have to know html.
Librarians control their domain.
Librarians cooperate to maximize coverage without duplicating specialty journals.
Librarians create catalog records partly because it used to be impractical to search works directly.
Librarians create web pages to help students use library resources for a particular class.
Librarians deal with books, so it only makes sense.
Librarians demonstrate via a digital projector or through computer software.
Librarians depend upon parents to guide children's choices.
Librarians describe the service as the virtual equivalent of a library's new-book shelves.
Librarians design and develop Web pages to support distance learning activities.
Librarians design and promote value-added information services in response to agencies' issues.
Librarians design and promote value-added information services in response to identified needs.
Librarians develop the ability to actively handle social changes and demands of users.
Librarians do a significant amount of repackaging of information for classroom teachers.
Librarians do get to read.
Librarians do it by the book.
Librarians do it silently.
Librarians do it.
Librarians do monthly book activities and get the children signed up for library cards.
Librarians do their best to find a good home for their discards and unusable donations.
Librarians don t have to read all the publications that deal with multiculturalism.
Librarians endeavor to obtain the rightful social recognition of libraries.
Librarians enjoy the thrill of the search.
Librarians evaluate each resource and provide annotations.
Librarians extend their domain of activities through the cooperation with other social agencies.
Librarians facilitate the research process, acting as catalysts to the formation of new knowledge.
Librarians feel the same way about dealing with company reps.
Librarians find strange and spicy items left behind in returned books.
Librarians focus on aspects.
Librarians function as guides for individualizing the various intelligent query agents.
Librarians generally like the idea of planning ahead to meet anticipated demand.
Librarians generally regard the selection of materials as apolitical.
Librarians get an endless stream of reference questions, most mundane, occasionally highly unusual.
Librarians get masters degrees.
Librarians guide children to quality materials, whether books or Internet sites.
Librarians have (part) adult bodies.
Librarians have (part) arms.
Librarians have (part) body substances.
Librarians have (part) cell membranes.
Librarians have (part) cells.
Librarians have (part) corpi.
Librarians have (part) cytoplasm.
Librarians have (part) heads.
Librarians have (part) legs.
Librarians have (part) necks.
Librarians have (part) nuclei.
Librarians have (part) personality.
Librarians have (part) plasma membranes.
Librarians have (part) sections.
Librarians have (part) vacuoles.
Librarians have a central role to play in ensuring future access to digital materials.
Librarians have a done a great deal of cussing and discussing of journal costs.
Librarians have a governance structure similar to other faculties on campus.
Librarians have a key role in the implementation of such strategies.
Librarians have a long and proud record of working together to improve the lot of scholars at large.
Librarians have a long tradition, for example, of protecting patron's circulation records.
Librarians have a mandate to be strong advocates of open access to information.
Librarians have a number of decisions to make about online journals.
Librarians have a responsibility to educate users and ensure quality searching.
Librarians have a role to play in the course design and development process.
Librarians have a unique mix of expertise.
Librarians have a unique opportunity to be at the forefront of education for public health students.
Librarians have a variety of opportunities for professional development and continuing education.
Librarians have a very basic worry as well.
Librarians have a very important role to play in educational collaborations.
Librarians have a wholesome fondness for simplicity.
Librarians have academic status with tenure.
Librarians have academic status without tenure or rank.
Librarians have access to additional computer systems and databases.
Librarians have access to funding for research projects.
Librarians have an obligation to be knowledgeable about educational methods and trends.
Librarians have degrees.
Librarians have expertise in reading aloud to children.
Librarians have expertise in selecting children's materials.
Librarians have faculty status and both positions are tenure track.
Librarians have faculty status and participate actively in curriculum development.
Librarians have faculty status, with non-tenure track ranks.
Librarians have faculty status.
Librarians have four roles which conflict with giving users what they want.
Librarians have full faculty status and excellent benefits.
Librarians have full faculty status.
Librarians have generic navigational skills that are easily applicable to a knowledge-based economy.
Librarians have good memories for imprints, unlike most general consumers.
Librarians have good reason to be concerned.
Librarians have important skills relative to uses of computers and dissemination of resources.
Librarians have many skills that easily transfer to publishing.
Librarians have offices.
Librarians have other concerns as well.
Librarians have personal contact with students every day.
Librarians have problems with content controls.
Librarians have something to learn here.
Librarians have special needs, but they use the same tools to get at information that the CEO does.
Librarians have the greatest experience in structuring information.
Librarians have the obligation to support the public's right to a free information environment.
Librarians have the option to submit additional documentation.
Librarians have the respect of vendors for their experience and knowledge in the E-book arena.
Librarians have the right to restrict any material that is in high demand at their agencies.
Librarians have the same protections of academic freedom as other faculty.
Librarians have the skillset for running the knowledge management system.
Librarians have to be educators, and literacy providers have to be library supporters.
Librarians have to deal with a kind of ambivalence on the part of searchers.
Librarians have to prove their versatility in all fields of knowledge.
Librarians have to stay on the ball when it comes to latest technology.
Librarians have unprecedented opportunities to make a difference in the lives of people.
Librarians have workers.
Librarians have years of experience using indexes and databases.
Librarians having to make change is a nuisance.
Librarians help children find dogs books shoes .
Librarians help children, parents, and teachers.
Librarians help people find and use information in whatever format it is delivered.
Librarians help people find books and information.
Librarians help teachers.
Librarians helping patrons conduct statistical research on international universities.
Librarians here point to other benefits of electronic dissertations as well.
Librarians hold academic faculty status with rank, and are non-tenured.
Librarians hold academic faculty status with rank, non-tenured.
Librarians hold faculty status with expectations for scholarship and service.
Librarians hold full faculty rank and have MANY opportunities for broad campus involvement.
Librarians hold the key to ease techno-stress .
Librarians indicate their selections and number of copies.
Librarians invite community organizations to the lab, provide instruction, and initiate dialogue.
Librarians keep libraries open and accessible to everyone.
Librarians know all about how to use the table of contents of any magazine.
Librarians know exactly what quality information is - reliable, updated, exaustive.
Librarians know good sources of background material for topics, so ask.
Librarians know how to do research better than anyone.
Librarians know more than anyone about their libraries.
Librarians know that book borrowers and copiers are book buyers.
Librarians know that government publications are underused.
Librarians know the arcane mantras under which information is filed.
Librarians know the arguments for and against that.
Librarians know the books that excite children.
Librarians know the library can be a confusing place.
Librarians know the stereotype well.
Librarians know what is important.
Librarians like to find things, and the Internet is just another search tool they use.
Librarians live in an anarchic world.
Librarians look at it with an eye to the knowledge it can contribute to their mission.
Librarians look for more effective ways to make their voices heard in campus-wide priority setting.
Librarians love it.
Librarians love their books.
Librarians love to help people find information.
Librarians love to help, and they love it when their patrons are excited about books.
Librarians maintain dignity as professionals engaged in public organizations.
Librarians maintain the collection and are available for assistance.
Librarians make good usability advocates.
Librarians make great additions to information-industry organizations.
Librarians make information accessible.
Librarians make judgments every day.
Librarians meet regularly and make decisions involving faculty issues.
Librarians meet with classes in all disciplines and provide group instruction in library research.
Librarians now attend technology conferences or the technology strands of library conferences.
Librarians now face challenges barely foreseen a decade ago.
Librarians now have the opportunity of conducting hands-on classes for students.
Librarians offer an overview of important resources for the project.
Librarians offer individual assistance.
Librarians offer research consultations to students at all levels.
Librarians offer their unique perspective on print versus online contents.
Librarians offer workshops that feature introductions to online systems and CD-ROMs.
Librarians participate in professional development and scholarly activities.
Librarians particularly seem strongly opposed as a group.
Librarians perform searches.
Librarians plan to expand their collection of African-American films and folklore documentaries.
Librarians play a critical role in our society as defenders of the First Amendment and democracy.
Librarians play a critical role in the public policy arena.
Librarians play a key instructional role on college and university campuses.
Librarians play a key role in helping new recruits develop a sense of belonging.
Librarians play a pivotal role in higher education.
Librarians practice effective public relations.
Librarians prefer at least one-week's notice on library instruction requests.
Librarians prepare bibliographies and guides on popular research topics.
Librarians profess the field and share a belief in a joint ownership and responsibility for it.
Librarians promote the people's willingness to self-growth and support the efforts.
Librarians provide access to physical and intellectual collections of recorded knowledge.
Librarians provide access to the collection and to outside sources through reference and referral.
Librarians provide assistance during normal working hours.
Librarians provide assistance in finding and using print, media, and electronic sources.
Librarians provide context to users.
Librarians provide guidance in the effective use of library resources.
Librarians provide guidance on how to assess the value and reliability of Internet resources.
Librarians provide help to faculty and staff either in person, by telephone or through e-mail .
Librarians provide help to faculty and staff either in person, by telephone or through e-mail.
Librarians provide individual or group instructions in the use of the computers and databases.
Librarians provide instruction on how to find and evaluate printed and electronic information.
Librarians provide mediated on-line search services to faculty, researchers and graduate students.
Librarians provide online searches of hundreds of additional specialized databases.
Librarians provide only minimal reference service over the phone.
Librarians provide orientation tours for all first-year students.
Librarians provide personal assistance in searching library or Internet information sources.
Librarians provide service at the Reference Desk during scheduled hours.
Librarians provide services.
Librarians provide subject-specific instruction in the use of electronic and print resources.
Librarians provide training for children, parents and teachers on appropriate Internet use.
Librarians rank ninth-lowest in job stress, about the same as a bookkeeper.
Librarians read aloud.
Librarians read stories in the children s area of the library.
Librarians read stories in the children's area of the library.
Librarians read their magazines religiously and a good review is taken as a recomendation.
Librarians realize that it is their duty to preserve the history and to transmit the facts.
Librarians receive contract and appointment letters in the same manner as other faculty.
Librarians receive reference requests via e-mail and from web site users.
Librarians receive the same holidays as other state employees.
Librarians recognize that one method to that goal is to weed the collection of marginal titles.
Librarians recommend book, magazines, videos, audio, software, toys and travel.
Librarians recommend resources and explain how to conduct a database search.
Librarians regularly employ active learning methods in their instruction sessions.
Librarians rely on consistent quality from reputable publishers to set the standards.
Librarians rely on it as a means of controlling the terms added to the subject field.
Librarians remain ineligible for above-scale salaries.
Librarians report that romances are the most widely borrowed books.
Librarians report that they're constantly checked out.
Librarians reserve the right to ask disruptive groups to leave the library.
Librarians reserve the right to limit access at any time.
Librarians reserve the right to make the final decision on ordering all materials.
Librarians respond to readers' requests.
Librarians respond to reference questions via telephone and email.
Librarians retain discretionary rights to loan materials elsewhere.
Librarians rightly disdain index-less titles.
Librarians routinely offer workshops on how to find and evaluate electronic information.
Librarians say their job has also become much easier.
Librarians search such kinds of publications often on demand.
Librarians see three clear benefits to going digital.
Librarians seek out and evaluate appropriate information resources online.
Librarians seem to agree.
Librarians select books, magazines, journals, databases and even Web sites.
Librarians select hardcover titles for popular appeal and lasting value.
Librarians serve a vital role in information technology.
Librarians serve as liaisons to one or more academic disciplines.
Librarians serve as the technology facilitator.
Librarians serve different groups in society.
Librarians sincerely observe the professional ethical code.
Librarians site du jour and Stay current in cyberspace .
Librarians specialize in particular subjects.
Librarians specialize in subjects.
Librarians stop placing orders before year end.
Librarians strive for standardization in organization of knowledge resources.
Librarians strive for the professional service relevant to wide variety of demands of the users.
Librarians strongly prefer hardback books, since they stand up so much better under heavy use.
Librarians suggest using both approaches.
Librarians supervise library technicians.
Librarians supervise technicians.
Librarians systematically catalogue, store and display the items in the library.
Librarians take into consideration budget and space availability.
Librarians take seriously their role as advocates for individual users of copyrighted materials.
Librarians talk about call numbers, databases , citations , subject headings, authors, and titles.
Librarians teach and reinforce basic computer skills, from keyboarding to Internet research.
Librarians teach classes monthly, free of charge.
Librarians teach methods of research, sources of information, and evaluation of information.
Librarians teach sessions tailored to subject areas and resources.
Librarians teach students information-seeking skills critical in today's competitive job market.
Librarians teach students.
Librarians teach surfing.
Librarians teaching students about fact and information sources often include Who's Who.
Librarians tend to be more open-minded and more aware.
Librarians tend to fear loss of control.
Librarians tend to have a familiarity with the work of all different parts of a firm.
Librarians tend to suffer from classification by attraction.
Librarians then select books from the library's collection for delivery.
Librarians too know of the progress in document delivery and automatic systems.
Librarians try out databases and complete an evaluation form.
Librarians try to map the needs of users onto the patterns of available information.
Librarians try to respond via e-mail within two school days.
Librarians turn out to be big end-user script writers too.
Librarians turn to the Internet before their card catalogs when doing research.
Librarians understand that a library can be difficult to understand.
Librarians understand that the information environment is wonderfully complex.
Librarians uphold the ALA Code of Ethics.
Librarians use call numbers to arrange materials within the library by subject.
Librarians use computers to catalog books, conduct searches, and keep records.
Librarians use computers to help patrons research topics.
Librarians use E-mail to communicate with colleagues and customers.
Librarians use many Internet communications and service utilities.
Librarians use statistics in many ways, including retention decisions for serials.
Librarians use technology to help patrons research topics.
Librarians use the web to recover stolen goods.
Librarians utilize electronic and print resources to provide comprehensive reference assistance.
Librarians view sessions as a team teaching opportunity.
Librarians visit schools to conduct book talks and to promote the library's summer reading program.
Librarians welcome an opportunity to assist faculty in creating sessions to meet class needs.
Librarians welcome the opportunity to work with faculty, identifying resources for their courses.
Librarians wield unfathomable power.
Librarians work closely with classroom teachers to ensure a fully integrated approach to learning.
Librarians work closely with faculty in an active program of library instruction.
Librarians work closely with faculty in designing course-related classes.
Librarians work closely with facutly in designing the sessions.
Librarians work closely with the faculty in tailoring library workshops to individual courses.
Librarians work in schools and public libraries.
Librarians work the night shift and are available to answer questions via e-mail or telephone.
Librarians work with faculty members in various departments through a liaison arrangement .
Librarians work with parents and the community to determine children's needs.
Librarians work with professors to provide in-class training and assistance by appointment.
Librarians worry most about making the literature available to the users.
Librarians always attend faculty meetings and meet with faculty one on one.
Librarians always maintain honest attitude and self-esteem.
Librarians always perform their duties with kind and friendly manners.
Librarians always perform their duties with pride as professionals.
Librarians always prepare a bibliography of relevant reference sources to distribute to the class.
Librarians often feel uniquely qualified to comment on intranet usability.
Librarians often have a library-centric view of the information universe.
Librarians often pick up information relevant to other firm departments.
Librarians often play the role of advisor to nervous law clerks and young associates.
Librarians often seek out one another and swap ideas and titles.
Librarians often transfer items from one library to another to meet individual student needs.
Librarians often use subject headings or descriptors to indicate the subject contents of documents.
Librarians usually provide customized handouts.
All librarians are just one person.
All librarians are responsible for taking an active role in initiating library purchases.
All librarians have several duties, functional areas as well as subject areas.
All librarians impart the value of information.
All librarians provide reference and education activities in a team environment.
All librarians serve as bibliographers for one or more departments or programs.
All librarians serve as liaison specialists to specific disciplines.
All librarians share in selecting materials for the collection.
Any librarian can provide basic reference help.
Every librarian loves it and uses it daily to answer reference questions.
Every librarian teaches.
Many librarians are also parents.
Many librarians are part-time buyers.
Many librarians are specialists in law, science, adult education, film, recordings and music.
Many librarians begin their careers in cataloging, whether by choice or necessity.
Many librarians conduct research seminars for firm employees.
Many librarians have a standard form letter that is sent to a potential lending library.
Many librarians have degrees in English.
Many librarians prefer the relative autonomy and academic setting of public libraries.
Many librarians take continuing education classes to keep up with changing technology.
Many librarians teach students for whom English is a second language.
Many librarians think so.
Many librarians work in teams to get the job done.
Most librarians are familiar with the historic numbered series of executive orders.
Most librarians are more than happy to introduce children to research techniques.
Most librarians are subject-specialists as well as being librarians.
Most librarians belong to unions, which negotiates the terms of employment for their members.
Most librarians focus on aspects.
Most librarians hate to handle queries from family historians.
Most librarians have no problems with the other stuff.
Most librarians have offices.
Most librarians have several fantasy projects tucked in the back of their minds on a regular basis.
Most librarians have workers.
Most librarians help teachers.
Most librarians make weekly or monthly decisions.
Most librarians offer some sort of collection in Spanish.
Most librarians provide services.
Most librarians seek to get people and books together.
Most librarians specialize in particular subjects.
Most librarians specialize in subjects.
Most librarians still continue to use the old stock numbering system.
Most librarians supervise library technicians.
Most librarians supervise technicians.
Most librarians teach students.
Most librarians treat direct mail one notch above junk mail.
Some librarians actively embrace digital technologies, and the result is profoundly gratifying.
Some librarians are at least copied on the forms.
Some librarians are even bold enough to include their pictures.
Some librarians assist patrons with research.
Some librarians assist universities.
Some librarians believe that the interface is problematic.
Some librarians choose to leave the handout intact and hand it out as it is.
Some librarians direct enormous library systems.
Some librarians find even that level of filtering offensive and unnecessary.
Some librarians have an additional degree in the area in which they specialize.
Some librarians have concerns about the changing delivery methods.
Some librarians have no selection or subject responsibilities.
Some librarians have problems.
Some librarians help copies.
Some librarians insist the porn problem has been blown out of proportion.
Some librarians love their old newspapers .
Some librarians provide stories about their dishes or family traditions.
Some librarians receive tuition benefits and research support.
Some librarians remain skeptical.
Some librarians work in setting.
A librarianship is a position
Librarianship focuses on individuals in all their uniqueness.
Librarianship is a balancing act.
Librarianship is a good mix of technology and people.
Librarianship is a great profession.
Librarianship is a key subject in a rapidly changing world.
Librarianship is a noble profession.
Librarianship is a profession of standards.
Librarianship is a profession.
Librarianship is a professional community.
Librarianship is also an excellent preparation for positions in other information service areas.
Librarianship is an information age career.
Librarianship is at present in the midst of an ethical debate.
Librarianship is diverse.
Librarianship is far more rewarding.
Librarianship is no longer static or safe.
Librarianship is now a rapidly changing profession.
Librarianship is one of the few fields left for the insatiably curious and for the generalist.
Librarianship is one of the world's oldest and most successful professions.
Librarianship is placed in a sociological context in relation to other professions.
Librarianship is the prime profession of the next millennium.
Librarianship is to book management as academic teaching is to lecturing.
Librarianship is very challenging and a wonderful journey.
Librarianship requires the mastering of all three tools in order to do quality work.
Librarianships are positions.
Library acquisitions are library books, films, recordings, monographs, serials and software.
Library acquisitions has to be held completely harmless.
Library acquisitions is the fifth trend.
Library assistants are available to answer questions and assist in finding materials.
Library assistants are responsible for the routine work in a library.
Library assistants check books in and out.
Library assistants employed in school libraries generally work only during the school year.
Library assistants have bachelor's degrees and appropriate experience.
Library assistants help with circulation.
Library assistants staff the library during all other hours the library is open.
Library assistants work in customer service or technical services.
Most library assistants enter and update patrons' records using computer databases.
Some library assistants specialize in helping customers who have vision problems, such as blindness.
Some library assistants specialize in helping patrons who have vision problems.
Some library assistants specialize in helping patrons with vision problems, including blindness.
Some library assistants specialize in helping patrons with vision problems.
Library associations provide many valuable services to librarians.
Some library associations organize committees to facilitate exchanging library materials.
Library automation continues to be on the cutting edge of technological advances.
Library automation encompasses a wide range of technical and public areas.
Library automation succeeds through the work performed by hardware, software, and people .
Library branches can also borrow from a reserve location in Manhattan.
All library branches are now open.
All library branches have computers available for public use by registered patrons.
All library branches provide access to both the Internet and other electronic resources.
All library branches provide black and white photocopying facilities.
Most library branches keep the large print books on separate shelves to make it easier for browsers.
Most library budgets are hopelessly inadequate.
Library building is completed.
Library buildings are also eligible for staff training and technical support.
Library buildings reflect the needs, values, and traditions of their communities.
A library card is a card
Library card check out library books Sucks.
Library card is good at public libraries in Illinois.
Library card is valid for three years.
Library cards allow the holder to access and use a vast amount of information.
Library cards are absolutely free.
Library cards are automatically invalid when a patron moves from Oak Park.
Library cards are available at all community libraries.
Library cards are available at no charge to any resident of the City of Boulder or Boulder County.
Library cards are available at no fee to residents and are good for three years.
Library cards are available at the circulation desk on the library's second floor.
Library cards are available at the main desk.
Library cards are available for children of any age.
Library cards are available free of charge.
Library cards are available free to residents of Portage and rural residents of Columbia County.
Library cards are available to all regardless of age.
Library cards are available to all state residents.
Library cards are available to nonresidents for an annual household fee.
Library cards are available to residents of other towns.
Library cards are cards.
Library cards are free .
Library cards are free and easy to get.
Library cards are free but identification is required.
Library cards are Free for Maryland residents.
Library cards are free of charge except if the existing card is lost or damaged beyond use.
Library cards are free of charge to any resident of Lee County.
Library cards are free of charge to anyone living within the boundaries of Homer Township.
Library cards are free of charge to taxpayers in Sarasota County.
Library cards are free of charge.
Library cards are free to all citizens who live, work or own property in Galveston County.
Library cards are free to all Massachusetts residents.
Library cards are free to all residents and available to businesses located in Rolling Meadows.
Library cards are free to all residents of Douglas County.
Library cards are free to all residents of Kansas.
Library cards are free to all residents of the village of Homer.
Library cards are free to all residents or property owners of Yuma County.
Library cards are free to all residents.
Library cards are free to all Virginia residents.
Library cards are free to all who work, live, or attend school in Ohio.
Library cards are free to all Wisconsin residents.
Library cards are free to any Wisconsin resident.
Library cards are free to anyone living in the Quincy school district.
Library cards are free to anyone residing within the city limits of Houston.
Library cards are free to Bridgeport residents and taxpayers.
Library cards are FREE to California residents.
Library cards are free to eligible borrowers.
Library cards are free to Hinds County residents.
Library cards are free to library-district patrons and reciprocal borrowers.
Library cards are free to residents in the library's service area.
Library cards are free to residents of Allegheny County.
Library cards are free to residents of Baldwin County.
Library cards are free to residents of Georgia.
Library cards are free to residents of Hays County.
Library cards are free to residents of Monterey County and to students outside the county.
Library cards are free to residents of the areas served.
Library cards are free to residents of the individual cities.
Library cards are free to residents or property owners of Wells County.
Library cards are free to residents, employees, or property owners in Galveston.
Library cards are free to the residents of Colonial Heights and Chesterfield County.
Library cards are free to Wisconsin residents.
Library cards are free, and they're air-conditioned.
Library cards are free.
Library cards are good for five years.
Library cards are good for the duration of the semester in which they are issued.
Library cards are located in libraries.
Library cards are nontransferable personal items.
Library cards are non-transferable.
Library cards are permanent and renewed yearly .
Library cards are required to access the internet, guest cards are available.
Library cards are valid at all public libraries in Clark County, as well as the State of Nevada.
Library cards are valid for a period of one year.
Library cards are valid for a three year period.
Library cards are valid for one year.
Library cards are valid for the current semester only.
Library cards are valid for three years .
Library cards are valid for three years.
Library cards are valid for two years.
Library cards are very easy to obtain.
Library cards entitle people to complete information access regardless of format.
Library cards expire at the end of each semester.
Library cards expire every two years.
Library cards expire in two years after being issued.
Library cards expire one or two years after the issue date of the card.
Library cards have a permanent membership number and are renewable yearly.
All library cards are renewable every year.
All library cards are valid for one year from the time of registration.
Most library cards are valid for three years.
Library cat injures dog , man sues.
A library catalog is a catalogue
Library catalog is now available again, with a new interface.
Library catalogs are available to all remote users.
Library catalogs are catalogs.
Library catalogs are catalogues.
Library catalogs are searchable by author, title, keyword, or subject.
Library catalogs contain information on items owned by a library.
Library catalogs have rules about words that can be used as subjects.
Library catalogs locate literary criticism and textual analysis in books and dissertations.
Library catalogs reflect the titles owned by that library and can be accessed by anyone.
Library catalogs use controlled vocabularies for subject headings.
Many library catalogs are accessible only by telnet.
Many library catalogs are available by telnet.
Many library catalogs are available on the Web for individual searching as well.
Many library catalogs are available on the web.
Many library catalogs are online and available to the public.
Many library catalogs are online.
Most library catalogs allow searches to be limited by date of publication.
Most library catalogs are searchable remotely.
Some library catalogs are available only through a telnet connection.
Some library catalogs do provide gateways to some databases.
A library catalogue is a catalogue
Library catalogue abstracts articles from a variety of sources.
Library catalogues allow access to the information through the titles of the works.
Library catalogues are a kind of metadata.
Library catalogues are available on-line.
Library catalogues are only the tip of the iceberg.
Library catalogues list many different editions.
Library catalogues refer to controlled vocabularies as subject headings .
Many library catalogues are accessible over the Internet.
Many library catalogues are available through the Internet.
Library circulation continues to increase at a greater rate than the student population.
Library classification is an aspect of library and information science .
Most library computers allow printing to a laserjet network printer.
Library consortia are very common and usually based on geographic areas.
Library databases are available at all times, even when the library is closed.
Library databases are available from off-campus.
All library databases are available.
Many library databases are available through the Web, using standard browsers.
Most library databases are now available on-line.
Most library databases indicate whether journal titles are held in the Library.
Some library databases are available to authorized home users under certain conditions.
Some library databases have an introductory screen.
Some library databases require passwords for off-campus access.
Most library departments have at least one shared laser printer.
Library districts continue to grow in Idaho as libraries look at consolidation.
Most library employees have responsibility for preservation written into job description.
A library fine is a penalty
Library fines are subject to change without notice.
All library fines are ten cents per day per item.
Library functions provide access to machine operations such as reading and writing files.
Library functions provide three power management modes of operation controlled by software.
Library functions simplify access to all sensors and actuators.
Library functions store only values greater than zero.
Library functions take precedence.
All library functions are reentrant unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Many library functions do likewise.
Most library functions return a special value to indicate that they have failed.
Library guide is available on request.
Library guides continue their traditional forms, of course.
More library guides are published all the time, many are available directly on the Web.
Library instruction can ease the burden and help to level off the learning curve.
Library instruction demands creativity.
Library instruction given in a vacuum often is wasted time and effort.
Library instruction integrated into the established curriculum is in an experimental phase.
Library instruction is a more effective way of teaching students how to use library resources.
Library instruction is an integral part of the English curriculum.
Library instruction is available for classes or individuals.
Library instruction is available to all users upon request.
Library instruction is equally important to cultivate the self-reliant researcher.
Library instruction is given to all students, usually through their English classes.
Library instruction is important .
Library instruction is important for several reasons.
Library instruction is most beneficial when it coincides with a classroom assignment.
Library instruction is most effective when given in conjunction with a research assignment.
Library instruction is most effective when it is tied to a specific assignment or course.
Library instruction is offered during class-time to students when scheduled by the instructor.
Library instruction is offered for individuals and for college classes.
Library instruction is offered in all fields to students, faculty, staff and visitors.
Library instruction is offered to classes and individuals.
Library instruction is provided for all classes upon request.
Library instruction is provided on an individual basis as well as to classes.
Library instruction is scheduled subject to the availability of librarians.
Library instruction is tailored to individual course assignments.
Library instruction responds.
Library instruction takes place.
Some library journals are now including reviews of Internet resources.
Most library locations own some DVD titles.
Library management is assisted through improved statistics and information.
Library management is supposed to care for the quality in films.
Library management takes a tour.
Most library materials are available for loan from other libraries.
Most library materials check out for three weeks.
Most library materials circulate for one month with renewals.
Most library materials circulate for two weeks.
Library music is available for immediate use.
Most library photocopiers can make enlarged copies of documents.
Library records are to be used only by authorized personnel to conduct routine library business.
Library records show heavy borrowing of theses, both on campus and through inter-library loan.
All library records are confidential and used for library purposes only.
All library records are confidential.
All library records are in a machine-readable format.
All library records are strictly confidential and protected by law .
All library records are strictly confidential and protected by law.
Library research can reveal other useful information.
Library research can take a lot of time, so plan to stay for awhile.
Library research has prority.
Library research is a pain.
Library research is conducted with the use of an electronic data base.
Library research is critical here.
Library research is desireable, but only for background information.
Library research is emphasized.
Library research is encouraged, when appropriate, to enhance the case assignments.
Library research is fundamental.
Library research is necessary to receive maximum credit on any applicable project.
Library research is necessary.
Library research is perhaps the best place to start.
Library research is well underway.
Library research reports using multiple references and fused outlines.
Library research takes time, so plan for it to do so.
Most library research is conducted using the computers on the main level.
Some library research is encouraged.
Library routine is routine
Library routines appear with leading underscores.
Library school teaches librarians how to find information and ignores how people use libraries.
Some library schools offer special courses or internships in music librarianship.
Library software is to be distributed to members in good standing only.
Library software runs best on computers which meet or exceed the recommended hardware requirements .
Library stacks are closed to the public.
Library stacks are closed to visitors.
Library stacks are open to both members and non-members alike.
Library stacks are open to users for direct access to materials.
Most library staff have POP-only accounts.
Most library staffs are extremely helpful in finding volumes or in directing the search.
Library system starts to grow.
Library systems can consist of one branch or many.
Library systems vary from country to country.
Library technicians are increasingly familiar with the automation developments in libraries.
Library technicians are service-oriented, meet deadlines easily, and work with minimal supervision.
Library technicians are the middle level of library staffing.
Library technicians have certificates.
Library technicians meet requirements.
Library technicians pay attention.
Library technicians pay close attention.
Library technicians provide customer services.
Library technicians provide services.
Library technicians use computers.
Library technicians work in public schools.
Library technicians work in schools.
Library technicians work with librarians in the provision of library and information services.
Most library technicians have certificates.
Most library technicians meet requirements.
Most library technicians pay attention.
Most library technicians pay close attention.
Most library technicians provide customer services.
Most library technicians provide services.
Most library technicians use computers.
Most library technicians work in public schools.
Most library technicians work in schools.
Some library technicians help librarians.
Some library technicians work for businesses that use specialized knowledge, such as law firms.
Some library technicians work in libraries.
Library thefts are doubly challenging.
Library usage holds priority over other groups.
Library usage increases quickly to the point where the new headquarters are inadequate.
Library usage is an indicator of a community's interest in reading and learning.
Most library users find that the web version is easier to use.
Library website created by teens has reviews, opinions, and links.
Library website has the collection online.
Library website includes building map.
A library is a room
Libraries abound with displays depicting important aspects of the African American past.
Libraries Access other Alabama libraries and search library catalogs on the Web.
Libraries acquire and preserve for the future as well as for the present.
Libraries acquire their collections to meet the needs of their present and future users.
Libraries act as both starting and referral points for many people's needs.
Libraries activate human potential through knowledge, ideas and information.
Libraries add ten dollars.
Libraries add value by providing cataloging, indexing, physical organization, and preservation.
Libraries adding barcode numbers to records during conversion usually add dumb barcodes.
Libraries additionally support literacy and the right to read.
Libraries address more formats and disciplines than thirteen years ago.
Libraries advertise their holdings to the world, offering to loan materials on a cooperative basis.
Libraries advocate for freedom of information and the protection of individual privacy.
Libraries aim to create a rich and exciting range of positive Internet experiences.
Libraries allow children to have their own library cards.
Libraries allow commonly used operations to be developed once and reused in other applications.
Libraries allow developers to maintain clear IP ownership.
Libraries allow future generations to leverage our collected knowledge for the benefit of society.
Libraries also access databases which include citations, abstracts, and full text information.
Libraries also add value to the information retrieved, from whatever source, local or remote.
Libraries also archive and preserve older titles.
Libraries also are free to reproduce the brochure.
Libraries also are great equalizers in a democracy.
Libraries also are tax exempt.
Libraries also buy the books and tapes that are on the shelves.
Libraries also can provide information on state and private sources of financial aid.
Libraries also carry magazines.
Libraries also contain other job search and career planning materials.
Libraries also dedicate sections of their Web sites to young adult readers.
Libraries also display details of local community events and activities on noticeboards.
Libraries also face steep ongoing publication price increases.
Libraries also give home owners a place to display meaningful collections.
Libraries also have a choice of sheet labels or roll stock.
Libraries also have a special interest in technology training.
Libraries also have a special place in community life and communication.
Libraries also have access to newspaper reports.
Libraries also have books about a state's important people.
Libraries also have catalogs listing programs for all ages.
Libraries also have extensive resources for home educators.
Libraries also have highly specialized print indexes that are very useful.
Libraries also have information about international schools and their publication lists.
Libraries also have to participate in distance learning that is another rapidly growing phenomenon.
Libraries also have trust on their side.
Libraries also house computer facilities for literature searching.
Libraries also keep other newspapers for short periods, usually two to four weeks.
Libraries also offer a respite from the ubiquitous for-profit commercial activities in our society.
Libraries also offer a variety of programs to stimulate an interest in reading and learning.
Libraries also offer activities for children.
Libraries also order more titles at one time and they almost never fail to pay their bills.
Libraries also organise cultural events such as concerts, author readings, and children's theatre.
Libraries also organize fascinating lectures.
Libraries also produce children's book lists to assist parents.
Libraries also provide a space for private study, research and leisure reading.
Libraries also provide access to electronic resources.
Libraries also provide age appropriate lists for summer reading.
Libraries also provide materials of leisure and learning for all ages.
Libraries also provide public bulletin board areas for the distribution of information.
Libraries also reap the benefits of Reading Workshop.
Libraries also serve a key function in providing access to public domain resources.
Libraries also serve as a community meeting center.
Libraries also serve as an important gateway to knowledge for children.
Libraries also serve small business and budding entrepreneurs.
Libraries also share knowledge with each other to better serve customers.
Libraries also suffer from inadequate telecommunications capabilities.
Libraries also uphold and champion intellectual freedom and right to free access to information.
Libraries also welcome contributions made in memory or in honor of a friend or loved one.
Libraries also work with businesses to promote workplace literacy.
Libraries are . . .
Libraries are a central feature of most communities.
Libraries are a central location on campus to test people-networking skills.
Libraries are a critical link for children and adults with no computer at home.
Libraries are a critical part of what happens in any community.
Libraries are a fundamental cornerstone of knowledge and information.
Libraries are a gateway to the world, linking learning and life.
Libraries are a godsend.
Libraries are a good place to spend some time and learn a lot.
Libraries are a good source for names and addresses.
Libraries are a good source for volunteer opportunities and other community connections.
Libraries are a good source, as well.
Libraries are a great help.
Libraries are a great place to discover answers to many questions.
Libraries are a great place to spend some time, often hosting events such as movies or story hours.
Libraries are a key resource in the realisation of lifelong learning.
Libraries are a never-ending sources of books and reference materials.
Libraries are a part of our culture and civilization.
Libraries are a place for dreams.
Libraries are a place where a relationship of trust is to be maintained and held sacred.
Libraries are a public trust.
Libraries are a quiet haven in today's busy world.
Libraries are a shared community resource.
Libraries are a small but significant market for published works.
Libraries are a source of community pride.
Libraries are a stepping stone to the future as well as a bridge to the past.
Libraries are a strong anti-censorship force in our society.
Libraries are a symbol of our culture and a large part of our heritage.
Libraries are a third party payer in the scientific and scholarly communications system.
Libraries are a traditional forum for the open exchange of information.
Libraries are a traditional venue for book discussion groups.
Libraries are a treasure trove of information.
Libraries are a valuable cultural resource.
Libraries are a valuable source of ABS statistics.
Libraries are a vast listing of libraries of the world.
Libraries are a very important source of education and knowledge for people of all ages.
Libraries are a vital source of information in any society.
Libraries are a wealth of information and have become easier to use with the invention of the web.
Libraries are a wonderful place to start.
Libraries are able to access databases outside the country without much difficulty.
Libraries are about books and readers.
Libraries are about information.
Libraries are about preserving democracy, nothing less.
Libraries are about the collection, organization, and preservation of knowledge.
Libraries are almost empty.
Libraries are also a good source for audio and video tapes in English.
Libraries are also a means whereby organization-wide standards of quality can be instituted.
Libraries are also able to avail themselves of new and developing services.
Libraries are also available.
Libraries are also good places to look.
Libraries are also important .
Libraries are also important.
Libraries are also likely to continue as a comfortable place to pass time and see people.
Libraries are also open during the summer months.
Libraries are also the ideal place to provide access to varying points of view.
Libraries are always empty when the city manager or mayor comes to visit.
Libraries are always empty when the principal or superintendent comes to visit.
Libraries are always good places to go.
Libraries are always more likely to be successful where they are based on existing proven methods.
Libraries are among our subscribers.
Libraries are an American value.
Libraries are an essential community access point for the delivery of information.
Libraries are an essential part of Ohio s educational offerings.
Libraries are an excellent place to find computers for public use.
Libraries are an excellent places to search for copyrighted material.
Libraries are an excellent source of information about mental health.
Libraries are an excellent source of scholarship information.
Libraries are an honest deal.
Libraries are an ideal access point for everybody in the community.
Libraries are an incredible resource for the community.
Libraries are an integral component in making a strong education a reality for every young person.
Libraries are an integral part of our community and assist their patrons with many services.
Libraries are an invaluable source of help.
Libraries are an invaluable source of information, and also real good for kids to go to.
Libraries are another source for looking for ancestral documents.
Libraries are archives.
Libraries are as easy to load as right clicking on a library button in the main interface.
Libraries are as important as good bread . . .
Libraries are as important to history as laboratories are to science.
Libraries are at once communitarian and libertarian.
Libraries are at the center of trying to deal with that issue.
Libraries are at the centre of our shared knowledge.
Libraries are at the coal face of the information infrastructure.
Libraries are at the forefront of the information age.
Libraries are available almost everywhere, in towns, in caravans, and even by mail.
Libraries are available as software development kits with cost effective business models.
Libraries are available for functional screening.
Libraries are available for licensing in whole or in part.
Libraries are available for real estate and a variety of other of practice areas.
Libraries are available to members and non-members.
Libraries are books and more than books.
Libraries are books, but in today's world, more than books.
Libraries are both a necessity and a luxury, and are usually given short shrift as both.
Libraries are both users and providers of information.
Libraries are buildings.
Libraries are busier than ever, but in many cases circulation figures have decreased.
Libraries are busy .
Libraries are by nature huge, highly structured, highly specialized and formalized institutions.
Libraries are centers for lifelong learning.
Libraries are centers for the investigation and exchange of information.
Libraries are central to digital divide solutions.
Libraries are clearly in the early days of transforming their own roles and identities.
Libraries are closed.
Libraries are collections of compiled function definitions.
Libraries are collections of HTML objects.
Libraries are collections.
Libraries are community centers, but also learning centers.
Libraries are community gathering places.
Libraries are community information centers.
Libraries are complex institutions, each one a bit different from the next.
Libraries are complex organizations of knowledge, which is stored in many different formats.
Libraries are concerned that their internet use policies promote access and follow legal guidelines.
Libraries are concerned that they have continued access to archival material.
Libraries are concerned with long-term preservation and archiving issues raised by electronic media.
Libraries are creatures of information policy.
Libraries are critical to New York's educational and cultural future.
Libraries are crucial to democracy.
Libraries are crucial to life long learning and the productive use of information and knowledge.
Libraries are cultural and recreational sites.
Libraries are dynamic places.
Libraries are easily accessible, as physical spaces and as online service providers.
Libraries are economic development sites for the new economy.
Libraries are education, and education is very important to everyone particularly young people.
Libraries are educational institutions, which are different from schools and colleges.
Libraries are efficient users of federal dollars.
Libraries are essential if people are to develop their skills.
Libraries are essential to education.
Libraries are essential to make the world's recorded knowledge and information accessible.
Libraries are ev en larger structuring units that contain, import, and export a number of modules.
Libraries are everywhere, and welcome everyone.
Libraries are exciting places.
Libraries are expensive and research libraries are particularly expensive.
Libraries are familiar places for seniors.
Libraries are far more than simply repositories for information.
Libraries are food and drink to the scholar.
Libraries are for BOTH learning and pleasure.
Libraries are for everyone, everywhere.
Libraries are for everyone.
Libraries are for Everyone.
Libraries are for learners.
Libraries are for people of all ages, from the tiniest child to the oldest shut in.
Libraries are free and open to the public.
Libraries are free speech zones.
Libraries are free to place orders with any of the vendors.
Libraries are full of great books that cost nothing as long as they are returned on time.
Libraries are full of religious-studies books and resource materials.
Libraries are fun.
Libraries are generally good sources of both current and historical information about a topic.
Libraries are generally small in organizational terms.
Libraries are good places to check for information, too.
Libraries are good sources of maps and atlases in a variety of sizes.
Libraries are great and fantastic and irreplaceable, but they only go so far.
Libraries are great at dreaming up worst-case scenarios.
Libraries are great curriculum sites.
Libraries are great for structured searching.
Libraries are great places for meeting with people, sharing stories and keeping in touch.
Libraries are great places for mystery and murder.
Libraries are great places for readers, of course.
Libraries are great places to get ideas for articles.
Libraries are great places to learn more about a topic.
Libraries are great places to look for older maps.
Libraries are great places to meet because they are free to the public.
Libraries are great resources.
Libraries are heavily involved in acquiring and maintaining information technology.
Libraries are holdings.
Libraries are hubs for social and intellectual interactions in communities and organizations.
Libraries are icons of our cultural intellect, totems to the totality of knowledge.
Libraries are important for children to explore and learn.
Libraries are important protectors of our past, but they also improve the present.
Libraries are important reference and information centers for all educational institutions.
Libraries are important to studios because they provide cash flow from video and television sales.
Libraries are in a constant state of evolution.
Libraries are in a great position to fundraise on the Internet.
Libraries are in a prime position to be active in alleviating some of the problems of illiteracy.
Libraries are in a transition phase.
Libraries are in a very good position to find out the needs of communities.
Libraries are in demand.
Libraries are in fact acting to reduce the costs they bear.
Libraries are in the business of providing information to the public.
Libraries are increasingly dependent on access to commercial online databases.
Libraries are increasingly responsible for preserving as well as providing information.
Libraries are indeed the heart of a university.
Libraries are indispensable aids to education.
Libraries are information engines for a community and directly impact the vitality of communities.
Libraries are information intensive workplaces.
Libraries are information nodes.
Libraries are integral players in the information economy and the broader information society.
Libraries are interested in more sources for classical music.
Libraries are invaluable resources.
Libraries are just as essential to communities as fire departments, medical care and roads.
Libraries are key centers for lifelong learning and focal points of community life.
Libraries are key facilitators and centres of life-long learning.
Libraries are key to introducing and cultivating a child s love of reading.
Libraries are key to safe neighborhoods.
Libraries are kind of passe.
Libraries are leaders in promoting and using information technology.
Libraries are libraries.
Libraries are located in colleges.
Libraries are located in downtowns.
Libraries are located in houses.
Libraries are located in librarians.
Libraries are located in schools.
Libraries are located in towns.
Libraries are logical places to focus and localize the information.
Libraries are logic-only, they never include markup.
Libraries are major providers of access to the best commercial information sources available online.
Libraries are major public service institutions in many parts of the world.
Libraries are many things to many people.
Libraries are many things to their communities.
Libraries are more efficient and full of new people.
Libraries are more important than banks.
Libraries are more important than ever today.
Libraries are more important than top-tier, renovated city council quarters.
Libraries are more ready to benefit from virtual reference initiatives.
Libraries are more than centers of information and entertainment.
Libraries are more than just books.
Libraries are more than just buildings.
Libraries are more than just storehouses of information and the preservers of the past.
Libraries are mostly public.
Libraries are natural bedfellows to life-long learning.
Libraries are necessary to develop life-long reading habits in children.
Libraries are necessary.
Libraries are necessities.
Libraries are new and modern and there's always lots for families to do.
Libraries are nice but they teach a short term attachment to books.
Libraries are no exception.
Libraries are no longer just a few donated books.
Libraries are no longer just buildings full of books.
Libraries are no longer just shelves for books and magazines.
Libraries are no longer the only place for information access.
Libraries are notoriously famous for being short-staffed.
Libraries are now about to experience the most radical change they have ever undergone.
Libraries are now full of information on sexual function.
Libraries are now only updated, and the executable rebuilt if code has actually changed.
Libraries are oddities in the world of mission efforts.
Libraries are often good sources for borrowing books.
Libraries are often guilty of pandering solely to mainstream points of view.
Libraries are often on tight budgets and eager to receive donated items.
Libraries are often something taken for granted in a community.
Libraries are often the first place public citizens encounter new information technologies.
Libraries are one of life s few unmitigated goods.
Libraries are one of our great democratic institutions.
Libraries are one of the few public institutions that are worth their weight in gold.
Libraries are one of the great bulwarks of democracy.
Libraries are one of the longest established and most popular and valued public services.
Libraries are one of the most important institutions educating our youngsters.
Libraries are one of the most inclusive groups.
Libraries are one of the most popular local government services.
Libraries are one place where everyone, rich or poor, has access to information, free of charge.
Libraries are one-stop shopping.
Libraries are only as good as the index created by the library staff.
Libraries are open to the public but no borrowing privileges are extended.
Libraries are organizations.
Libraries are our base camp.
Libraries are our link to the future and our bridge to the past.
Libraries are out.
Libraries are part of houses.
Libraries are part of the American dream and a part of our shared history.
Libraries are part of the American dream.
Libraries are part of the cultural sector.
Libraries are part of the society and reflect changes that take place in that society.
Libraries are part of the solution.
Libraries are partners with others to assure access to electronic information.
Libraries are people places.
Libraries are places of inclusion rather than exclusion.
Libraries are places of information.
Libraries are places of opportunity.
Libraries are places that foster the love of reading and learning in children.
Libraries are places where a collection of records and reference materials are kept.
Libraries are places where the public and the proprietary meet.
Libraries are places.
Libraries ARE political institutions.
Libraries are popular with all ages and for all purposes.
Libraries are process-intensive organizations.
Libraries are prominent in most cities.
Libraries are public spaces.
Libraries are qualified on an individual basis.
Libraries are quality of life issues. . . .
Libraries are ranlib'd before installation.
Libraries are really fun places to be in.
Libraries are really interesting places.
Libraries are really no different.
Libraries are receptacles of history.
Libraries are repositories of human knowledge.
Libraries are resource intensive and require lots of management.
Libraries are responsible for a twenty-five dollar coordination fee for each lecture.
Libraries are responsible for cleaning the puppets if they become soiled.
Libraries are responsible for damage occurring to the exhibit when it is under their control.
Libraries are responsible for providing information to all users, with or without disabilities.
Libraries are responsible for the contents of their packets.
Libraries are responsible for transporting all materials.
Libraries are rooms.
Libraries are safe and neutral space.
Libraries are sanctuaries of free expression.
Libraries are searchable by name, geographical location and type.
Libraries are searchable by region or individually.
Libraries are second in the queue.
Libraries are service organisations.
Libraries are service organizations.
Libraries are sets of routines used by programs to process data.
Libraries are severely under-financed.
Libraries are simply collections of object files.
Libraries are small and inadequate.
Libraries are small and under-staffed.
Libraries are special places that have a tremendous impact on the lives of patrons.
Libraries are still a valuable resource for their patrons.
Libraries are still amongst the most popular cultural venues in France.
Libraries are still places to get a good book.
Libraries are still places, places with objects.
Libraries are still the best place to go for research and a host of other material.
Libraries are strong candidates for shared pages across different programs.
Libraries are subject to change as new objects are created, and old ones are improved.
Libraries are successful cradles and the sepulchres of the human mind.
Libraries are symbols, but they are also a very real and powerful tool.
Libraries are tax supported institutions generally providing no-fee public services.
Libraries are temporary space and are deleted after the semester ends.
Libraries are the best deal around.
Libraries are the building blocks of today's complex chips.
Libraries are the collective archive of human achievement and the knowledge of the ages.
Libraries are the concert halls of the finest voices gathered from alltimes and places.
Libraries are the cornerstone of democracy.
Libraries are the custodians of memory and the guardians of civilization.
Libraries are the essence of inclusion.
Libraries are the foundation of our nation's information network.
Libraries are the gateways to knowledge.
Libraries are the gathering place both of ideas and of people.
Libraries are the guardians of collections of local, national and international importance. . . .
Libraries are the heart of the community, a community meeting place and source of pride.
Libraries are the hub of many schools.
Libraries are the ideal place to offer public technology access.
Libraries are the keepers of the written and, now, digitized word.
Libraries are the key to a democratic society.
Libraries are the keystone of life-long learning opportunities for all people in our society.
Libraries are the last democratic educational institution . . .
Libraries are the last free educational institution in the world.
Libraries are the last place to find professional peace and quiet.
Libraries are the leading advocates for equity in access to information.
Libraries are the lifelines of universities, and they are essential and important.
Libraries are the major customers so far.
Libraries are the major source of government information for most people in Canada.
Libraries are the memory of mankind, the storehouses of all that has been thought.
Libraries are the money cow that drives the whole system.
Libraries are the most democratic of all institutions helping citizens engage in self-governance.
Libraries are the most frequently used public information service in Canada.
Libraries are the most obvious place to go to find information.
Libraries are the most popular cultural venues in Australia.
Libraries are the most popular public service of choice.
Libraries are the most used cultural institution in Australia.
Libraries are the natural place for user education to occur.
Libraries are the number one access point for people without computers at home, school or work.
Libraries are the only place where information is freely available for everyone in every community.
Libraries are the opportunity to learn.
Libraries are the overlooked social equalizer.
Libraries are the physical locations in which services are delivered.
Libraries are the purest expression of a democratic society.
Libraries are the ultimate democratic institutions.
Libraries are the very best place to start.
Libraries are there to help people with more personal goals, too.
Libraries are therefore part of the social glue of communities.
Libraries are to be open to the public when library personnel are available to monitor the library.
Libraries are to become a part of the network in the future.
Libraries are truly community resources.
Libraries are truly windows of the world.
Libraries are under siege today.
Libraries are under threat to be bypassed by their clients.
Libraries are unique .
Libraries are unique.
Libraries are used for public good.
Libraries are used for reading.
Libraries are used for research.
Libraries are used for studyings.
Libraries are usually able to assist blind people in computer searches.
Libraries are versatile.
Libraries are very calming.
Libraries are very special monuments.
Libraries are vital local resources for literacy, learning, and community-building.
Libraries are vital to the educational and economic health of our community.
Libraries are vitally important to any real city, especially for the less well-off.
Libraries are welcome to send purchase orders via fax.
Libraries are well-organized using a standard systems.
Libraries are well-staffed and open at convenient hours for students.
Libraries are where it's happening.
Libraries are where the knowledge of all disciplines is related within a meaningful framework.
Libraries are willing to cooperate with publishers to develop electronic publishing.
Libraries are willing to invest the energy to define the characteristics of such holdings.
Libraries are woefully inadequate.
Libraries are wonderful community resources yet many people never set foot in a library.
Libraries are wonderful community resources.
Libraries are wonderful places to hide on hot summer days.
Libraries are wonderful resources as well.
Libraries are workplaces characterized by high levels of trust and professional pride.
Libraries are worried about infringing.
Libraries are, essentially, utilitarian constructs.
Libraries are, in general, well-lit and quiet.
Libraries are, indeed, information centres.
Libraries arrange their books generally by subject.
Libraries become even more important as a meeting place for elderly, disabled and unemployed people.
Libraries become nothing more than physical archives for the world's printed matter.
Libraries begin collecting videos.
Libraries belong in every forum in which national priorities and research are discussed.
Libraries borrow materials from each other for patron use on a regular basis.
Libraries break down boundaries.
Libraries build communities.
Libraries build community and partnerships make it happen.
Libraries build community, but today's community is a global one.
Libraries build community.
Libraries build sustainable communities.
Libraries build the infrastructure for democracy and equality in society.
Libraries buy eBooks just as they do printed materials.
Libraries call anything that is received on a regular basis a periodical.
Libraries can act as an effective starting point.
Libraries can activate the static holdings capability on a database-specific basis.
Libraries can add records at various levels of access and attach holdings.
Libraries can add satellite physical sites at an additional fee per satellite site.
Libraries can afford less and less wasteful inefficiency and duplication of effort.
Libraries can also add value to the search and retrieval process.
Libraries can also build labs for the intergenerational learning.
Libraries can also design and promote Web pages that meet users' needs and interests.
Libraries can also get access through the main ingenta portal .
Libraries can also join an e-mail newsletter to receive campaign news and updates.
Libraries can also play a crucial role in bridging the societal problem of the digital divide.
Libraries can and do change life outcomes of children and teens.
Libraries can arrange to have a bulk order of tax forms delivered each year.
Libraries can avail a discount IF they place orders directly with the publisher.
Libraries can be a great place to learn about shells.
Libraries can be a positive force in any community to help youth and parents.
Libraries can be books, audio and video cassettes.
Libraries can be cumbersome, expensive and, at times, difficult to transfer.
Libraries can be daunting and bewildering places for users.
Libraries can be in the process of implementing the system.
Libraries can be off the shelf or custom made on an exclusive or non-exclusive basis.
Libraries can be phage, plasmid or phasmid based.
Libraries can be popular and profitable for crooks.
Libraries can be proud of their accomplishments.
Libraries can be size fractionated for custom applications.
Libraries can become coordinators and leaders of community technology initiatives.
Libraries can benefit and become stronger through resource sharing.
Libraries can benefit volunteers as much as their time helps the system.
Libraries can charge a nominal fee for use of videos.
Libraries can choose from two methods for printing their notices.
Libraries can circulate the current e-book technology.
Libraries can contribute to the work of peace.
Libraries can create and share holdings collections to lower borrowing costs and save staff time.
Libraries can customise use of the system to their own criteria.
Libraries can determine their own color-coded defaults when the login is set up.
Libraries can develop acceptable use policies, explaining the ground rules for Internet access.
Libraries can do the same things.
Libraries can download the records into their local online public access catalogs.
Libraries can either offer filtered service or establish an age-sensitive Internet policy.
Libraries can enhance their collections and their fundraising activities.
Libraries can enroll in the group purchase at any time.
Libraries can ensure that the work of graduate alumni is archived and preserved in electronic form.
Libraries can even request book loans from other libraries.
Libraries can expect additional savings.
Libraries can expect to have no major increases in their budgets in the near future.
Libraries can expect to serve a very diverse population, both in age and ethnicity.
Libraries can extend their hours and services to underserved populations without adding staff time.
Libraries can freely add new methods and instance variables without any effect on their clients.
Libraries can freely lend out best sellers, for example.
Libraries can help build sustainable communities.
Libraries can help people meet their life needs by addressing the following issues.
Libraries can help protect privacy by providing tools and knowledge to their users.
Libraries can include books, audio and video cassettes.
Libraries can issue authorization to their patrons for individual use from home or office.
Libraries can join consortia to get reduced prices.
Libraries can learn from commercial suppliers.
Libraries can lend a book a hundred times.
Libraries can make as many or as few changes as they desire or see as necessary.
Libraries can make it certainly less expensive.
Libraries can make the photocopies, faculty can make the photocopies.
Libraries can make their own arrangements to exchange material.
Libraries can modify their acquisitions policy using information from the service.
Libraries can obtain book information rapidly through an online database of titles.
Libraries can obtain hundreds of reference database services.
Libraries can offer a balance between traditional collections and electronic collections.
Libraries can order a printout of their own union list holdings.
Libraries can order direct from the publisher or through distributors.
Libraries can photograph rare books.
Libraries can plan for grants or partnering funds for the purposes of services to the older adult.
Libraries can promote the reading of books on space and applications of space technology.
Libraries can provide access to remote users by means of ip authentication.
Libraries can provide advice and information, but ultimately the faculty hold the key.
Libraries can provide brief answers via e-mail to specific factual questions.
Libraries can provide citations and abstracts of articles, and also full-text document retrieval.
Libraries can provide general adoption information.
Libraries can provide research materials, videos, computers, and meeting space.
Libraries can realize a dramatically streamlined workflow.
Libraries can respond to individual needs more readily than campus media centers.
Libraries can restrict the use of their materials to on-site use within the library only.
Libraries can retain vouchers for reuse at a later date.
Libraries can save money and improve searching efficiency by switching instead to Web access.
Libraries can serve as a guideline when users create their own objects.
Libraries can set their own checkout period when they purchase their own titles.
Libraries can still add or delete items and volumes.
Libraries can track the use of their serial titles.
Libraries can turn off filtering for adults who wish to conduct appropriate research.
Libraries can under the Constitution adopt Internet policies consistent with that historic purpose.
Libraries can use a number of methods to complete a retrospective conversion project.
Libraries can use help restocking shelves and helping visitors find books.
Libraries can use it as an electronic card file.
Libraries can use one of the three screens as their home page for their public libraries.
Libraries can use our e-mail form to order current titles from our lists.
Libraries can use our Web E-mail form for ordering current titles from our catalogues.
Libraries can use purchase orders.
Libraries can use their existing workstations to search and request items.
Libraries can view each others' information and can copy it where needed.
Libraries can, if they choose, grant access to users off-site.
Libraries cancel subscriptions and rely on interlibrary loan or tearsheet services.
Libraries carry materials in the languages of the community they serve.
Libraries carry the good and the bad, the right and the wrong, the proven and the dubious.
Libraries cause a desire to reads.
Libraries change lives by providing access to information.
Libraries change lives each and every day.
Libraries change lives for the better.
Libraries charge a small replacement fee for lost cards.
Libraries circulating collections are a model fault-tolerant distributed system.
Libraries claim to be diverse, in their clientele, staff, and collections.
Libraries classify materials to help bring things together that are about the same topic.
Libraries clearly have an enormous reservoir of goodwill to draw on.
Libraries Click on the links below for Libraries information.
Libraries Click the link on the right to try our new online library services.
Libraries collaborate to organize and preserve our cultural heritage in appropriate formats.
Libraries collect information.
Libraries collect mostly published sources, such as books, maps, and microfilm.
Libraries collect published material, also known as secondary sources.
Libraries collect, organize, and provide access to information.
Libraries commonly make similar local changes to classifications schemes.
Libraries connect individuals with the ideas, information, and images they seek.
Libraries connect people in our communities with people and issues around the world.
Libraries connect people with ideas, information and each other.
Libraries constitute an essential element of the academic support structure.
Libraries contain appropriate publications.
Libraries contain books and other printed materials whereas Archives contain records.
Libraries contain books.
Libraries contain commonly used code that can be shared by many programs.
Libraries contain groups of related book titles.
Libraries contain leading journals and titles in psychology and related areas.
Libraries contain textbooks and other print resources that provide accurate information.
Libraries contantly get new materials and a wide array of formats - both printed and electronic.
Libraries continually evolve.
Libraries continue to be a priority.
Libraries continue to develop their role as leaders in the digital information society.
Libraries continue to have many bibliographic sources in paper format.
Libraries continue to recycle the music items they've got, but their stocks slowly dwindle.
Libraries continue to serve their communities well.
Libraries contribute to the problem by culling savagely.
Libraries contribute to the success of informal learning as well.
Libraries create foundations for learning.
Libraries create web pages which support curricula at their institutions.
Libraries create, organize, and archive resources to meet current and future needs.
Libraries deal with a wider array of electronic information resources than ever before.
Libraries deliver a complex mix of services and consume a complex mix of resources.
Libraries deliver videorecordings and other materials on demand, with no waiting period.
Libraries designed specifically for persons with disabilities are no exception.
Libraries differ on how they separate the other maps.
Libraries distribute books and discussion guides to participants.
Libraries do burn.
Libraries do just that.
Libraries do play a fundamental role in the development and maintenance of a good society.
Libraries embrace standards and organizations that contribute to making standards happen.
Libraries empower people by equalizing access to information.
Libraries encourage and promote life-long reading.
Libraries ensure that memory survives.
Libraries establish small information repositories for community groups.
Libraries everywhere are one source of international newspapers, trade journals and magazines.
Libraries Examine the holdings of libraries using their home pages.
Libraries exist all over.
Libraries exist at the boundary of the market and gift cultures.
Libraries exist for most programming languages.
Libraries exist in museums and form integral parts of their service and outreach activities.
Libraries exist on the principle of shared access.
Libraries exist to bring books and readers together.
Libraries exist to preserve and provide access to the collected knowledge of our past.
Libraries exist to serve and to be used.
Libraries exist to serve the individual, community, and society as a whole.
Libraries exist to support two dimensional spaces, genetic algorithms, and neural networks.
Libraries Explains how a library works in a computer system.
Libraries extend the benefits of information to the poor and dispossessed.
Libraries face massive media competition for their customers' leisure time.
Libraries faculty and staff for input.
Libraries feature local art and community exhibits each month.
Libraries fill a supporting advocacy role, a role that defines what a librarian is.
Libraries Find information and resources from the residential campus libraries and online resources.
Libraries Find libraries around the world.
Libraries focus on enhancing research.
Libraries form the heart of our community.
Libraries foster community identity.
Libraries furnish additional materials for learning.
Libraries gather together the tools that have been devised to identify and point to information.
Libraries generally have a replacement fee plus service charge for lost or damaged items.
Libraries generally have better tools for searching the clues until the desired item is found.
Libraries generally maintain a comprehensive catalog listing all of their holdings.
Libraries generally take up limited space and employ few people.
Libraries generally use electronic versions of indexes now.
Libraries get a bum rap, but one librarian is changing that single-handedly.
Libraries get top priority.
Libraries grant renewals infrequently.
Libraries guarantee the impartial provision of information.
Libraries guide and describe.
Libraries have (part) bases.
Libraries have (part) ceilings.
Libraries have (part) doorways.
Libraries have (part) floors.
Libraries have (part) room light.
Libraries have (part) sections.
Libraries have (part) walls.
Libraries have a basic responsibility for the development and maintenance of intellectual freedom.
Libraries have a basic responsiblity for the development and maintenance of intellectual freedom.
Libraries have a heart too.
Libraries have a history of providing entertainment and other facilities.
Libraries have a legacy in their communities as the heart of learning.
Libraries have a longstanding practice of cooperating with one another.
Libraries have a much different approach in the electronic world than commercial entities.
Libraries have a myriad of options for acquiring journals online.
Libraries have a primary role to play in the maintenance and nurture of intellectual freedom.
Libraries have a responsibility as well, but more indirectly.
Libraries have a role which reaches across all the layers.
Libraries have a special interest in fair use of copyrighted material.
Libraries have a special responsibility to provide good service.
Libraries have a tradition of standing up to controversy.
Libraries have a wealth of useful materials available.
Libraries have a wonderful image.
Libraries have an important mission in guiding patrons during their quest for information.
Libraries have an important role to play at pre-school and every other age.
Libraries have an important role to play in continuing education and problem-based learning.
Libraries have an important role to play in lifelong learning, and in the drive for literacy.
Libraries have an important role to play in promoting literacy and life-long learning.
Libraries have an important role to play in the search for information.
Libraries have an interest in acquiring and accessing materials in a cost-effective manner.
Libraries have books and magazines, home centers have free classes.
Libraries have books covering all the different makes and models that have ever been manufactured.
Libraries have books for adults and children, easy-reading books, and books in many languages.
Libraries have books of resumes for specific career fields.
Libraries have books on financial aid that is available from private, state, and federal sources.
Libraries have books on local areas in their special collections.
Libraries have books, tapes, records, and other materials to make learning more interesting.
Libraries have books.
Libraries have card catalogs.
Libraries have certain special needs.
Libraries have collections of the federalist papers.
Libraries have common routines that can be used by many programs.
Libraries have copies of state and local laws.
Libraries have copies.
Libraries have different policies on deleting expired patrons.
Libraries have different ways of determining what their users want.
Libraries have educational and informational resources.
Libraries have excellent books and many kids' activities.
Libraries have existing resources in the areas of staff, PCs, and collections.
Libraries have great flexibility in planning a second-day issue event.
Libraries have inadequate internet computer facilities and often charge for access.
Libraries have liberal use of the material within their local campus environments.
Libraries have librarians.
Libraries have limited dollars and finite shelf space.
Libraries have limited storage-recall capabilities.
Libraries have lists that rank law schools.
Libraries have literature.
Libraries have lots of books for babies.
Libraries have many activities, groups and reading times for children of different age groups.
Libraries have many bookcases holding books on many different topics .
Libraries have many bookcases holding books on many different topics.
Libraries have many excellent guides for building self-confidence and social skills.
Libraries have many extensive print sources of literary criticism.
Libraries have many resources for families interested in math and science education.
Libraries have many science experiment books for children.
Libraries have many target markets to reach.
Libraries have media directories, and larger media outlets can be searched online.
Libraries have modern searchable databases.
Libraries have more bound periodicals.
Libraries have one or more coverages .
Libraries have other functions beyond storing collections.
Libraries have policies and guidelines that govern who has access to materials.
Libraries have priority over other locations, and above levels apply to libraries.
Libraries have professional and trained staff.
Libraries have sections with reference books about countries and their histories.
Libraries have several options of how to proceed.
Libraries have so much to offer.
Libraries have some very valuable options as well.
Libraries have special repair methods that last a long time.
Libraries have specific hours of operation.
Libraries have the latest books on office software and other applications.
Libraries have the latest software manuals.
Libraries have the opportunity and the duty to supply materials for all people in their communities.
Libraries have the option to receive materials 'shelf-ready' from the vendor.
Libraries have the option to reduce or increase simultaneous users at any time.
Libraries have the potential to offer a diversity of electronic and hard-copy content.
Libraries have their work cut out.
Libraries have to be able to benefit from special regulations in a digital environment too.
Libraries have to compete and sometimes fight for budgets.
Libraries have to do some kind of pruning or ignoring.
Libraries have to make efforts to make sure quality information is found by researchers.
Libraries have to take a long view in everything that they do.
Libraries have to think of digital collection maintenance as an ongoing task.
Libraries have union lists of materials and where they can be found.
Libraries Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Libraries help keep children interested in reading by offering summer programs.
Libraries help make sense of the often bewildering explosion of digital information.
Libraries here are sadly understocked and buying books blind is so risky.
Libraries hold many published family histories.
Libraries hold more than books.
Libraries hold storytelling sessions and welcome class visits from local schools.
Libraries hold the objects, such as graphical elements or movie clips, that are used by movies.
Libraries house immense volumes of books and collections of magazines, comics, and CDs.
Libraries Improve library services.
Libraries improve lives.
Libraries include articles.
Libraries include books.
Libraries increasingly have to deal with CD-ROMs in their circulation operations.
Libraries influence people in different ways.
Libraries inform citizens.
Libraries is advisory to the directors of libraries on policies, development and operations.
Libraries is one of the categories defined within the regional guidelines.
Libraries is one of the institutions in the traditional value chain.
Libraries keep the records on behalf of all humanity .
Libraries lend books.
Libraries let students browse materials, or download copies for local printout.
Libraries let users browse remote materials, or download copies for local printout.
Libraries level the playing field.
Libraries Link to Delaware libraries and digital libraries.
Libraries maintain records of items being shipped.
Libraries maintain records of items that are being shipped.
Libraries maintain regular hours including evenings and weekends.
Libraries maintain several approval plans with various book vendors.
Libraries make catalogues of their collections, and provide the descriptions for subject references.
Libraries make families friendlier.
Libraries make information easily, publicly, and cheaply available.
Libraries make insurance provision and provide security already under large scale policies.
Libraries make it a reality.
Libraries meet the information needs of the communities they serve.
Libraries muzzle the dot-matrix.
Libraries nationwide are desperate for funds.
Libraries needing only dial-up service can purchase Internet services at discounted price.
Libraries nourish communities with ideas they can use to build a better future.
Libraries nourish the human spirit by stimulating intellectual curiosity and personal growth.
Libraries now circulate digital books.
Libraries now have customers from all over the world.
Libraries now have the option to catalogue on their local systems, and many have chosen to do so.
Libraries now receive no acknowledgment that their self-studies have been received.
Libraries now use computer programs to catalog.
Libraries obtain the course as a resource for students and faculty.
Libraries offend everyone.
Libraries offer a large selection of books, some really bad, others wonderful.
Libraries offer a place of refuge, a way of regaining some of the manners of past generations.
Libraries offer free access to information.
Libraries offer free access to the Internet to students and the community.
Libraries offer guides on the Internet, both in hard print and on-line, for all ages.
Libraries offer information.
Libraries offer meeting room space for all kinds of community organizations.
Libraries offer much and actually can have much more in depth materials.
Libraries offer much more than books to enhance children's learning.
Libraries offer much more than just computers with Internet access.
Libraries offer real-time reference service to users of their web pages and databases.
Libraries offer sanctuary .
Libraries offer training sessions in Internet use for families and individuals.
Libraries offer tutors and study aids.
Libraries online includes some big collections of online culture.
Libraries only have one public entrance to minimize the theft problem.
Libraries open kids' minds.
Libraries order directly from each vendor and pay vendors directly.
Libraries Order no.
Libraries order resources on the topics that people ask about most often.
Libraries organize expositions of Turkish artists.
Libraries organize information for easy retrieval using an established set of rules.
Libraries organize information.
Libraries organize meetings with foreign authors of children's books who live in Germany or abroad.
Libraries pay for the information accessed.
Libraries pay thousands of dollars to feature commercial databases on their catalogs.
Libraries Perform remote searches of library collections throughout the world.
Libraries play a central role in support of teaching and learning across all subject areas.
Libraries play a crucial role in countries where books are scarce.
Libraries play a crucial role in providing information to the public .
Libraries play a key role here, involving major changes in library purchasing habits.
Libraries play a key role in children's education through public libraries and school libraries.
Libraries play a key role in the social, cultural and economic life of their communities.
Libraries play an important role in promoting and providing access to knowledge and information.
Libraries play an important role in the education and development of children.
Libraries play an important role in the educational, cultural and economic life of our state.
Libraries play an increasingly important role in support of web-based teaching and learning.
Libraries play key role in life cycle of information creation and distribution.
Libraries play publicly and privately supported intermediary roles.
Libraries prefer hardbound books and classroom teachers usually prefer paperback books.
Libraries present a special challenge, particularly at smaller institutions.
Libraries present black cultural programs.
Libraries preserve information.
Libraries preserve the past.
Libraries produce action plans to address what needs improving after the audits have taken place.
Libraries promote reading every day, often with few new books to share.
Libraries promote the joy and life long benefits of reading.
Libraries protect our freedom to read, learn and connect.
Libraries protect our right to know.
Libraries protest a new Internet filtering law.
Libraries provide a gateway to information worldwide.
Libraries provide a place for people without computers to get access to information.
Libraries provide a range of materials in many different formats to serve a particular clientele.
Libraries provide a safe place for people of all ages and of all nationalities.
Libraries provide access for students across disciplines and across networks.
Libraries provide access to everyone.
Libraries provide access to information, ideas and works of imagination.
Libraries provide access to information.
Libraries provide access to material provided by a publisher.
Libraries provide all employees with the support and encouragement to reach their full potential.
Libraries provide critical information about issues and resources to parents throughout the region.
Libraries provide equal access to information for all users without discrimination.
Libraries provide equal access to information.
Libraries provide fast and affordable information access to all sectors of the community.
Libraries provide global reach and local touch.
Libraries provide information to the public using a multitude of technology systems.
Libraries provide materials.
Libraries provide on-site access to the service for their eligible clients.
Libraries provide opportunities for people of all ages to read and learn.
Libraries provide positive learning experiences for at-risk youth.
Libraries provide public access stations to the Internet and specialized CD-ROM resources.
Libraries provide residents with opportunities for enhanced learning.
Libraries provide resources and staff to help students of all ages.
Libraries provide resources for traditional and on-line research and exploration.
Libraries provide services and information in an easily accessible format.
Libraries provide services regardless of income, including to the homeless.
Libraries provide the cost if materials, room and board for crews.
Libraries provide the primary technology for reuse and storage of modules.
Libraries provide the vocabulary with which a language can be used to say something about something.
Libraries provide to a free society the defense necessary against pressures toward conformity.
Libraries provide track, structures, scenery, rolling stock, etc.
Libraries provide traditional reference services and interlibrary loan services.
Libraries provide valuable service by collecting, retaining, and making available information.
Libraries Provides library services to area residents.
Libraries purchase a wide range of educational videotapes for In-library and classroom use.
Libraries purchase access to the titles on behalf of their patrons.
Libraries qualify if they are public.
Libraries range from large academics to small publics.
Libraries realize the role they play in bringing cultural events to their communities.
Libraries really are the key to the whole business.
Libraries receive notification from the vendor or publisher when the trial is set to begin.
Libraries receive the data incrementally and are responsible for providing end-user access.
Libraries receiving dedicated line are eligible for dial-up access for the coordinators.
Libraries recognize the cost and space savings.
Libraries reflect much of what a university is.
Libraries reflect the diversity of our society.
Libraries reinvent themselves, again .
Libraries rely on networks to gain access to materials and services.
Libraries rely on site-based blocking.
Libraries remain justifiably concerned about future archiving of electronic documents.
Libraries remain the most straightforward and cost-effective source for many images.
Libraries report few complaints about Internet content from their users.
Libraries report high interest and extensive use.
Libraries represent a common point of access to information for all.
Libraries represent all points of view without becoming political.
Libraries represent our community.
Libraries represent social capital that makes people's lives better.
Libraries require parents or guardians to sign the application form for minors.
Libraries resist, claiming that such measures stifle free speech.
Libraries retain current two years only.
Libraries retain latest year only.
Libraries return high dividends.
Libraries safeguard our freedom and keep democracy healthy.
Libraries search for professionals with a wide range of subject specialties.
Libraries seek to accommodate the broadest spectrum of library users.
Libraries seek to recruit and retain well-trained and qualified staff.
Libraries seem to be much more difficult to find information in.
Libraries seem to be the specialty.
Libraries select and configure the libraries or databases to be searched.
Libraries select based on a more broad criteria including utility to the public.
Libraries select materials for collection based on the services they provide to their clientele.
Libraries select vendors in different ways.
Libraries serve a much larger proportion of our population than today's Internet.
Libraries serve a variety of customers.
Libraries serve all the families and all library users in a given community.
Libraries serve an important role in scholarly work.
Libraries serve as a community's principal source of information.
Libraries serve as an additional container to store objects.
Libraries serve as collections of history, culture and insight, offering access to information.
Libraries serve as important centers for collecting, storing, and organizing information.
Libraries serve as neutral arenas in which all point of views are made available to all citizens.
Libraries serve at least three roles in learning.
Libraries serve every section of the community and are cost effective.
Libraries serve everyone.
Libraries serve humanity.
Libraries serve the community and act as gatekeepers to vast quantities of information.
Libraries serve the goals of the customers.
Libraries serve, in the information marketplace, as value-added distributors and agents.
Libraries share samples from their film and video archives.
Libraries signing up for the first time can use the same form.
Libraries simplify code re-use, providing ready access to debugged routines.
Libraries spend a considerable amount of time on the hiring process.
Libraries spend a lot of effort endeavouring to communicate with users.
Libraries spend money very well.
Libraries spend too much money on serials to have so little knowledge of how they are used.
Libraries stand in the way.
Libraries stand poised on the edge of a new age of information technology.
Libraries start closing and their books are taken away.
Libraries still lack new textbooks.
Libraries still purchase books, reference materials in print format, and print journals.
Libraries store and inform educational research.
Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination.
Libraries strive to serve the interests of the entire community.
Libraries subscribe to databases that provide information which supports academic research.
Libraries subscribe to networked information and serve as payment managers.
Libraries subscribes to or used to subscribe to the journal in which the article is published.
Libraries subscribes to or used to subscribe to the newspaper in which the article is published.
Libraries succeed at funding books and bytes.
Libraries supply ideas and facts to all.
Libraries supply that information and access to learning.
Libraries support a community of readers.
Libraries support a productive workforce.
Libraries support and maintain the organized cataloguing, description and retrieval of information.
Libraries support individuals seeking employment by providing equipment, materials, and assistance.
Libraries support innovation.
Libraries support learning throughout the lifetime.
Libraries support lifelong learning.
Libraries support services.
Libraries support small businesses in their local communities.
Libraries tackle issues of Internet access.
Libraries Take advantage of our most impressive library system.
Libraries tend to be poorly funded relative to the budget of the parent organization.
Libraries tend to inspire goodwill.
Libraries tend to prefer the 'defective' orthography.
Libraries tend to reflect the dominant mode of production and use of educational information.
Libraries then deal directly with the vendors, eliminating complicated, centralized processing.
Libraries then facilitate making the information available to end users.
Libraries traditionally collect and preserve the scholarly and documentary record of publishing.
Libraries treat law reports as periodicals because they are published regularly.
Libraries try to collect a wide variety of material for a wide variety of uses.
Libraries try to meet the information needs of everyone in the community.
Libraries typically enter their call number, price, location, and bar code information. . .
Libraries typically have .lib suffixes.
Libraries typically have books, magazines and vcr tapes providing much information on nature.
Libraries typically offer better hours of service and easier access.
Libraries typically overlook the issue of security, use and maintenance of public access PCs.
Libraries use a variety of materials for both sign background and lettering.
Libraries use a variety of techniques for finding sites.
Libraries use classification systems based on subject to organize materials.
Libraries use different types of numbering systems to classify their holdings.
Libraries use school district weighted average discount per site.
Libraries use the numbers from the school district in which they are geographically located.
Libraries use the weighted average discount calculated for the school district in which they reside.
Libraries value the individual .
Libraries vary monthy.
Libraries welcome donations of books in good condition.
Libraries Welcome to our homepage.
Libraries work on an honor system.
Libraries work to provide access to as many people as possible and are as good as it gets.
Libraries worldwide are no longer just collections of books.
Library accepts gifts of materials that are appropriate to the library's collection.
Library answers questions by phone, fax or e-mail.
Library assistants helpers to catalog new books and issue books to residents.
Library assumes no liability for inappropriate conduct or acts conducted on the Internet by minors.
Library assumes no responsibility for theses once they are shipped.
Library bans facial jewelry as inappropriate in the workplace.
Library begin Referrals with all thunder below either message.
Library begins Allegheny County services.
Library begins moving into full structure.
Library call no.
Library calls for structured synchronization, based on Boolean flags and integer counters.
Library catalogs all over the world .
Library catalogs extensive web resources for population studies researchers, by category.
Library charges the replacement cost for lost books.
Library closes during chapel.
Library closes for several holidays.
Library collects government publications issued by the Republic of Ireland.
Library consists of rows of glass books arranged in a formal order on metal shelves.
Library consists of users, library staff, materials, and buildings.
Library contains an excellent collection of local-history and genealogical materials.
Library contains an extensive collection to assist in researching careers.
Library contains books and journals in marine biology and marine ecology.
Library contains books from most states, microfilm and microfiche records.
Library contains business, public affairs, and environmental resources and materials.
Library contains fenches, lamps, sportfields, climbing apparatuses, garden furniture, tiles etc.
Library contains French and English books, puzzles, games and old photos.
Library contains many more interesting articles.
Library contains the complete set.
Library contains videotapes on Japan, primarily educational and documentary films.
Library continues to strive for the right balance between digital and traditional collections.
Library create Tonight except most paint away the ninety.
Library databases online.
Library defines trivial control interface, own map and object structures.
Library directories for Maryland, Boston, New York City, Florida, etc.
Library does loan reference books and individual issues of periodicals.
Library does provide photocopy service.
Library faces street at top of hill.
Library goes on Internet.
Library guides no older than four to five years are retained.
Library have departments dedicated to creating responsive software solutions for their unique needs.
Library holds fashion-show fundraiser.
Library houses thousands of biographical and photographic files.
Library indicates on slip or disk exact variable spine information.
Library is approx.
Library isa room.
Library lacks scattered issues.
Library lacks scattered paper issues.
Library lacks some volumes.
Library lacks sound recordings.
Library lacks vol.
Library lacks vols.
Library launches major initiative to bridge digital divide.
Library links Additional links to library and information science related web resources .
Library lists the numbers and websites for each campus library and the virtual library.
Library loans individual issues of periodicals.
Library looks like, click here .
Library obtains former cafeteria on first floor for more space.
Library offers cassette tape tours.
Library offers more public training on Internet and use of online catalog.
Library offers remote access to many library resources.
Library offers variety of business databases .
Library opens at noon.
Library opens for extended employment.
Library opens on Sundays.
Library owns complete microfiche collection.
Library owns complete six-volume set.
Library participates heavily.
Library passes for lunchtime are available in the library before school.
Library posts thousands of carefully reviewed resources about, well, everything.
Library provide users with access to information on the specialist topic.
Library provides information or assistance with research, reports, etc.
Library provides literacy training and inspirational tools.
Library provides movie, drinks, and free dessert.
Library provides reference service.
Library provides research links to native american and aboriginal law.
Library pulls materials.
Library purchases materials from document suppliers on behalf of patrons.
Library receives funds from earned income and from international student fees.
Library receives grant .
Library receives journal.
Library records disclosing identity of a user.
Library recourses ventilation matters.
Library responds to the proposal.
Library retains and completely supports the electronic ordering function.
Library retains issues for one year.
Library retains issues until receipt of microfiche.
Library retains latest edition only.
Library retains latest month only.
Library retains latest series only.
Library retains latest seven days only.
Library retains latest six month only.
Library retains latest six months only.
Library retains latest two weeks only.
Library retains latest two years only.
Library retains latest year only.
Library retains permanent copies.
Library retains until microfilm copy received.
Library routines for linear algebra, integration, polynomials, graphics and more.
Library routines Some useful subroutines.
Library see pyAbiword.test function.
Library seeks to preserve minor's status as full members of the Internet community.
Library serves as a sort of community center.
Library sets up arrangements whereby patrons can check out of other libraries.
Library skills courses on finding information for learning and research.
Library specializes in psychiatry, psychology, psychiatric nursing, and mental health.
Library sponsored programs have precedence over other groups.
Library steps four and five steps.
Library strives to provide the highest level of legal information service possible.
Library subscribes to annual volumes in print format.
Library subscribes to numerous journals and periodicals on current topics and issues.
Library subscribes to printed version.
Library throws away thousands of books every year.
Library tops wish list.
Library travels to meetings.
Library turns into a teen coffee house.
Library videocassettes checkout for three days.
Library welcomes suggestions for materials which support the school's teaching, study, and research.
Libraries frequently develop Web sites tailored to the needs of their distance education students.
Libraries frequently replace the paper issues of periodicals with microform copies.
Libraries often aggregate their purchases or licenses to enhance their buying power.
Libraries often allow exhibits in their front lobby or other appropriate area.
Libraries often arrange periodicals in a separate location from books and other types of materials.
Libraries often contain the answer to a successful missing person search.
Libraries often deal with standard forms.
Libraries often find the existing pocket inadequate, and replace it with a better one.
Libraries often have books on cartography and some are offered by large book dealers or map dealers.
Libraries often have books that reproduce appropriate vocabulary lists for school age children.
Libraries often have marvelous books that are out of print.
Libraries often have meeting rooms available.
Libraries often have summer programs, and offer small prizes for reading a specific number of books.
Libraries often lose children once they become young adults.
Libraries often make the initial purchase of computers with gifts or grants.
Libraries often offer Internet access.
Libraries often offer patrons use of computers that are linked to the Internet.
Libraries often provide cotton gloves for researchers using their archives.
Libraries often provide exhibit spaces and bulletin boards.
Libraries often serve as day centers for the homeless.
Libraries usually can meet a two week deadline and even fax the article in some cases.
Libraries usually carry several editions of fairy and folk tales.
Libraries usually handle back issues differently from current ones.
Libraries usually have directories that list career requirements.
Libraries usually have some of the more obscure forms available for photocopying.
Libraries usually hold onto books long after the theories they contain are proven invalid.
All libraries accept phone calls made via typetext.
All libraries allow in person renewals.
All libraries also purchase publications.
All libraries are available to all students.
All libraries are available to everyone in the county.
All libraries are aware of the increasing demand by the public for legal information.
All libraries are branches.
All libraries are developped using strict programming rules and the code is purify'd.
All libraries are forums for information and ideas.
All libraries are in the library-path.
All libraries are on a current three-year cycle for accreditation.
All libraries are on a three-year cycle for accreditation.
All libraries are quiet places.
All libraries are smoke-free environments.
All libraries are static now.
All libraries are wheelchair accessible with marked parking, ramps, elevators, and public restrooms.
All libraries can access all the same information.
All libraries can change lives.
All libraries carry extensive journal collections.
All libraries contain optimized representations for synthesis.
All libraries develop policy and procedure manuals.
All libraries encourage patrons to bring their cards along to the library.
All libraries enforce no food and drink policies.
All libraries face significant challenges in ensuring the safety of their staff and collections.
All libraries give small amounts of change.
All libraries have a card catalogue.
All libraries have a catalogue of what they have in stock.
All libraries have a long-range strategic plan.
All libraries have a magnifying sheet which can be used in the library.
All libraries have a range of books for children - and infants too.
All libraries have a range of books for children and infants too.
All libraries have a reference collection of dictionaries, almanacs, encyclopedias, etc.
All libraries have a section dedicated to their collection of published family histories.
All libraries have a small collection that includes encyclopedias, atlases, phone books, etc.
All libraries have a stake in the final outcome of the rulemaking process.
All libraries have a variety of study spaces.
All libraries have a wide range of books to suit all interests, ages and abilities.
All libraries have a wide range of stock directly supporting the teaching at each site.
All libraries have access for wheelchair users and suitable toilet facilities.
All libraries have access to full text periodical articles and information in electronic formats.
All libraries have at their highest level a primary directory named for the particular library.
All libraries have book drops for use when the library is closed.
All libraries have books, talking books and videos.
All libraries have bookshelves, chairs, and tables.
All Libraries have brochures pertaining to mental health.
All libraries have children's magazines as well.
All libraries have collections of books in large print , as well as talking books on cassette.
All libraries have color photocopiers.
All libraries have copies of the plan available for public inspection and for check out.
All libraries have copy machines for both paper and microfilmed material.
All libraries have distinct areas for the under fives.
All libraries have electronic mail.
All libraries have extensive collections of picture books for children of all ages.
All libraries have form.
All libraries have free access to the Internet for information purposes.
All libraries have home pages.
All libraries have Internet access.
All libraries have Internet use policies in place as well as proceudres for users.
All libraries have ISPs.
All libraries have large print books and books on tape, both abridged and unabridged.
All libraries have large print books and books on tape.
All libraries have limited resources.
All libraries have many similarities but differences, as well.
All libraries have microfiche reader printers and copy machines.
All libraries have online catalogues unless otherwise shown .
All libraries have online catalogues unless otherwise shown.
All libraries have open-stack access to most volumes, study carrels, and pleasant reading lounges.
All libraries have pamphlets or even video tapes on how to use their materials.
All Libraries have photocopy ability.
All libraries have photocopy machines.
All libraries have reading rooms and research desks.
All libraries have reference collections.
All libraries have schedules.
All libraries have seperate display areas for recent issues.
All libraries have some type of arrangement or organization.
All libraries have strengths and weaknesses.
All libraries have study facilities, some with a pc.
All libraries have wireless access .
All libraries have wireless access.
All libraries hold local electoral registers for public consultation.
All libraries holding the item in question are potential lenders.
All libraries maintain collections.
All libraries now have public Internet access.
All libraries offer on-line computer search facilities.
All libraries offer photocopying facilities.
All libraries offer space for personal study.
All libraries offer telnet access.
All libraries open.
All libraries own all the same items.
All libraries produce handbooks describing use of standard materials, and library services.
All libraries provide free access to the Internet.
All libraries provide information on general study skills and bibliographical standards.
All libraries provide information, local studies and a fax service.
All libraries provide lending and reference facilities.
All libraries provide telephone or in-person reference services for their subject areas.
All libraries provide wheelchair access to public workstations.
All libraries provide workstations for full access to electronic resources.
All libraries share common digital imagery standards.
All libraries smell the same.
All libraries start out as being shared.
All libraries take a selection of newspapers and magazines that can be read in the library.
All libraries try to provide as much information and resources as possible to their patrons.
All libraries undertake to share their resources freely and respond quickly to requests.
All libraries use a call number system to organize books on the shelf by subject.
All libraries use a system for keeping track of their books.
All libraries use e-mail as a communication tool to their users.
All library directed services are available to outlets and their staffs.
All library have access to the Internet.
All library scheduled programs receive precedence.
Any library has shelves with literature.
Every library also offers a range of public programs.
Every library can be a one-stop location for employment and training.
Every library does at least one thing well, so the challenge is to do it well in a new medium.
Every library has a book of associations that lists several in each field.
Every library has a designated place for returning materials, usually near the circulation desk.
Every library has a reference section.
Every library has a section for exhibits.
Every library has a unique accounting system.
Every library has a wish-list consisting of books, magazines, computers, and newspapers.
Every library has an information desk staffed by subject and reference librarians.
Every library has children's books, cassettes, videos, and CDs, plus weekly programs for children.
Every library has different materials on grants.
Every library has media guides, but they are quickly out of date because media turnover is so fast.
Every library has three priceless assets.
Every library has users with varying interests and opinions.
Every library is a level of abstraction for a specific kind of code.
Every library is different.
Every library is ultimately responsible for cases involving tax levy, litigation, etc.
Every library is unique.
Every library needs good research and reference tools, and a software library is no different.
Every library offers free Internet access and most offer microcomputers for public use.
Every library ought to have at least one copy to pass around.
Every library requires a librarian to input, maintain, and update stored information.
Many libraries accept donations of books, either for their lending service or for resale.
Many libraries allow booking in advance.
Many libraries allow one renewal.
Many libraries allow the next to current set to be checked out.
Many libraries already have OrPAC passwords and borrower ids.
Many libraries already use their services.
Many libraries also append publication dates or work marks after the cutter number.
Many libraries also charge users for the cost of replacing books that are lost, stolen or destroyed.
Many libraries also have CD-ROM databases.
Many libraries also have copies of the videotapes to be checked out or viewed at the library.
Many libraries also have expensive references.
Many libraries also have federal and state scholarship brochures and applications.
Many libraries also have machines that make paper copies of microfilm and microfiche.
Many libraries also have reading clubs for small children.
Many libraries also have special activities and story hours for younger children.
Many libraries also have web pages in addition to telnet or direct dial access.
Many libraries also lend computer software, puzzles and games, and museum passes.
Many libraries also offer CDs, book tapes, and software.
Many libraries also offer free classes on job hunting and computer skills.
Many libraries also offer free passes to museums and other local attractions.
Many libraries also provide a subject list of their periodicals in addition to the titles list.
Many libraries also provide computers with public access to the Internet.
Many libraries also run exciting book-related activities and contests during the summer.
Many libraries also subscribe to the publication.
Many libraries also subscribe.
Many libraries are also open to the public for consultation.
Many libraries are apprehensive about the stability of their funding.
Many libraries are in small, isolated communities.
Many libraries are now on the internet.
Many libraries are on their second or third generation library system.
Many libraries are open every day, during the evening hours, and on the weekends.
Many libraries are regular subscribers.
Many libraries are willing to lend copies of records and briefs that they collect.
Many libraries belong to a network that agrees to lend books to each other.
Many libraries break up the area according to interest or age level.
Many libraries carry an indexed hard copy for a number of years for a paper in the county.
Many libraries carry large print materials.
Many libraries carry the Encyclopedia of Associations .
Many libraries catalog the magazine.
Many libraries charge a fee for interloaning their material.
Many libraries charge a fee for loaning books or photocopying articles.
Many libraries charge a fee for photocopies of articles.
Many libraries charge a fee when lending copies of theses or dissertations.
Many libraries charge for photocopies of journal articles.
Many libraries charge for photocopies.
Many libraries charge processing fees for interlibrary loans.
Many libraries concern themselves with getting students into the library.
Many libraries contain a collection of recent newspapers.
Many libraries contain reference books that list sources of scholarship money.
Many libraries contract with vendors to do authority work.
Many libraries create webliographies of internet resources by subject.
Many libraries dealing with email reference queries use an online request form.
Many libraries depend on grant monies to continue their operations.
Many libraries distribute educational materials on drugs and alcohol for children and parents.
Many libraries do attempt to monitor use in some way.
Many libraries enjoy free or discounted Internet service.
Many libraries grant visiting privileges on payment of a small fee.
Many libraries have a copy of the United States Code.
Many libraries have a special selection of books for babies.
Many libraries have access available to the public for free.
Many libraries have access to catalogs of other libraries in their state or region.
Many libraries have access to remote databases, and maintain their own computerized databases.
Many libraries have an area where the magazines are shelved in alphabetical order.
Many libraries have book collections in the tens of thousands of volumes.
Many libraries have books on patenting, marketing, licensing, developing business plans, etc.
Many libraries have books or other publications with ratings of insurers.
Many libraries have collections of books on commercially-produced cassettes.
Many libraries have collections of educational audiotapes and videotapes that can be borrowed.
Many libraries have computer databases listing articles from newspapers, magazines, and journals.
Many libraries have computerized lists of books.
Many libraries have computers and software designed for various ages.
Many libraries have computers available for public use.
Many libraries have computers with Internet access.
Many libraries have consolidated firm order vendors to one or two.
Many libraries have copies for reference.
Many libraries have copies in their reference material.
Many libraries have copies on fische.
Many libraries have excellent career research sections.
Many libraries have excellent children's sections containing many books in English.
Many libraries have extensive collections.
Many libraries have free internet access.
Many libraries have good collections.
Many libraries have group story hours that are short and set up by age.
Many libraries have how-to books on the subject.
Many libraries have interdependence.
Many libraries have interlibrary loan and Internet connections.
Many libraries have it.
Many libraries have lectures, exhibitions and movies or host community meetings and events.
Many libraries have old newspapers on microfilm, and some historical information is on the Internet.
Many libraries have one on their home page.
Many libraries have online presences, and offer services to Internet users.
Many libraries have online searching, usually for a fee, and CD-ROMs for readers to use themselves.
Many libraries have other priorities than assisting jobseekers.
Many libraries have PCs connected to Internet.
Many libraries have programs, performances, or other activities to bring children into the library.
Many libraries have rating guides for consumers to check.
Many libraries have reference books that list the most common ones.
Many libraries have rooms which local organisations can use for meetings.
Many libraries have sections devoted to genealogy.
Many libraries have some, but no New Hampshire library has a complete collection.
Many libraries have special lending collections of tools, art prints, toys and other items.
Many libraries have special services for people with disabilities.
Many libraries have the ability to make copies of important finds for a fee.
Many libraries have the index in bound volumes.
Many libraries have the index.
Many libraries have their own projects underway.
Many libraries have web sites and provide training in how to use the Internet.
Many libraries have, or can interloan, old census records on microfilm.
Many libraries help student learning .
Many libraries however offer Islamic literature.
Many libraries impose a charge for items loaned or copied via interlibrary loan.
Many libraries increase the overdue book fine for every day a book is late.
Many libraries keep copies of it in their reference section.
Many libraries keep published soil surveys on file for reference.
Many libraries link to their AUPs from their home page.
Many libraries maintain good genealogical archives and records.
Many libraries maintain grant references.
Many libraries maintain grant-writing collections.
Many libraries maintain lists of electronic journals that are available to anyone.
Many libraries make use of volunteers for a variety of tasks.
Many libraries negotiate objectionable terms such as the ones listed above with journal publishers.
Many libraries now add abstracts or table of contents data to their catalogs.
Many libraries now carry the book, so check there first.
Many libraries now charge fees to cover the handling cost for the loan of materials.
Many libraries now charge for lending or copying their materials.
Many libraries now circulate software.
Many libraries now enhance their collections through donations or exchanges of materials.
Many libraries now have a good selection and they really help to pass the time.
Many libraries now have access to the internet, either via staff or direct public access.
Many libraries now have audiotapes, videos, and computer time available.
Many libraries now have collections of large print books.
Many libraries now have free internet access.
Many libraries now have publicly accessible computers for internet research purposes.
Many libraries now make their catalogs available online at their Web site.
Many libraries now offer computer workstations with connections to the Internet.
Many libraries now offer online access to periodical indexes with selected full-text articles.
Many libraries now offer web based catalogues.
Many libraries now organize the jackets of videos in bins.
Many libraries now provide free access to the Internet via their computers.
Many libraries now sell a range of books and other products.
Many libraries now use their web site as the exclusive platform for electronic patron service.
Many libraries offer a summer reading program for children's participation.
Many libraries offer a wide variety of activities for younger children.
Many libraries offer classes and tutoring for parents, children and others.
Many libraries offer classes to teach kids how to use the resources.
Many libraries offer e-mail reference on their Web site.
Many libraries offer interlibrary loans and vacation-loan extensions to the public.
Many libraries offer Internet access.
Many libraries offer mini-courses.
Many libraries offer reading support and story hours for families.
Many libraries offer search tips online.
Many libraries offer software on loan for use on home computers.
Many libraries offer special computer programs or classes to build employment and business skills.
Many libraries offer summer fun reading for the entire family.
Many libraries offer their own guides.
Many libraries offer their own sites for children.
Many libraries offer tours at the beginning of each semester.
Many libraries offer tours for freshmen.
Many libraries offer video tapes for check out.
Many libraries operate a single site system.
Many libraries order books based on the interest in the topic.
Many libraries organize Web sites to assist their patrons in finding information.
Many libraries own copies of the earlier edition which have been lost in circulation or are missing.
Many libraries plan special summer activities.
Many libraries play a variety of roles for different age groups.
Many libraries point to a lack of adequate staff to provide special senior services and programs.
Many libraries produce journals.
Many libraries produce local activity calenders.
Many libraries provide a broad coverage of the classics.
Many libraries provide access to resources and services online.
Many libraries provide it for their end users for searching and locating library materials.
Many libraries provide links to evaluated web sites by topic.
Many libraries provide meeting rooms for individuals and groups as part of a program of service.
Many libraries put restrictions on microforms, videos, and sound recordings.
Many libraries realize the advantages of coming together in a large network.
Many libraries recommend sites to their users.
Many libraries refuse to buy it, and many distributors refuse to stock it.
Many Libraries rely on CD-ROM networks.
Many libraries rely on separate web lists rather than an entry in their local catalogue.
Many libraries require that a book have an index in order to be considered for purchase.
Many libraries schedule regular instruction sessions.
Many libraries see an increase in male patrons.
Many libraries share their complete inventory listing in a common way.
Many libraries sponsor activities such as cultural fairs, craft shows and live performances.
Many libraries still have story hours for younger children.
Many libraries stock the publication.
Many libraries strip item information and send bibs only.
Many libraries subscribe to a large number of publications that are useful.
Many libraries subscribe to foreign newspapers.
Many libraries subscribe to online databases for their patrons.
Many libraries use bookplates as a form of fund-raising.
Many libraries use database systems with Web interfaces that build lists on the fly.
Many libraries use the support materials for year-round reading programs.
Many libraries welcome donation of used hardback and paperback books.
Many libraries welcome donations of used popular paperbacks.
Many libraries welcome guests to view their collections.
Many libraries worldwide have Web pages and Web access to their catalogues.
Many libraries worldwide provide free access to their catalogues.
Most libraries allow a month loan on books and shorter terms on other kinds of items.
Most libraries allow items to be charged out to users.
Most libraries allow one renewal.
Most libraries allow three week loans and renewal ,upon request, of two additional weeks.
Most libraries allow users to sign up anywhere from one to seven days in advance.
Most libraries also extend user privileges to spouses of staff members.
Most libraries also have a circulating collection.
Most libraries also have a non-circulating reference collection.
Most libraries also have books on how to do genealogical research.
Most libraries also have computers available so the kids can try out different software.
Most libraries also have cross-functional teams.
Most libraries also lend dissertations and theses, provided they own more than one copy.
Most libraries also offer free public access to recent issues of our newspaper.
Most libraries also provide access.
Most libraries also stock a variety of books that include healthful meal plans and recipes.
Most libraries appear to have individual methods and practices for recording holdings statements.
Most libraries are already exempt from wholesale sales tax, customs duties and other trade-offs.
Most libraries are on line.
Most libraries are on-line.
Most libraries are open to the general public.
Most libraries are public and let people take the books to use in their home.
Most libraries are quiet, comfortable and well-lit places.
Most libraries are quite well equipped and have quite a number of copies of popular books.
Most libraries are selective depositories.
Most libraries arrange books on the shelves according to call numbers.
Most libraries arrange magazines and journals by call number.
Most libraries ask their customers if they are willing to pay the fee.
Most libraries can no longer afford to have just one center of documents expertise.
Most libraries can obtain the documents through interlibrary loan.
Most libraries carry it as well.
Most libraries carry it.
Most libraries carry some literature written in Braille.
Most libraries carry the magazine.
Most libraries carry voter registration forms.
Most libraries catalog their Arizona documents.
Most libraries charge a fee for photocopying.
Most libraries charge for photocopied articles.
Most libraries charge for the interlibrary loan service.
Most libraries contain books.
Most libraries contain copies of local newspapers.
Most libraries contain helpful guides to all sources of financial aid.
Most libraries contain many local history books.
Most libraries contain significant numbers of functions and variables.
Most libraries do provide a link to faculty web-pages.
Most libraries do provide some means of public access to their electronic catalogues.
Most libraries download and print their requests once at the beginning of their work day.
Most libraries extend their hours during reading and exam periods.
Most libraries feel the present situation is temporary and is very likely to change.
Most libraries fit somewhere in between but their users only know what their library offers.
Most libraries have a book called The Gale Encyclopedia of Associations .
Most libraries have a brochure outlining their catalog and how to connect to it.
Most libraries have a business library.
Most Libraries have a children's book or two showcasing various animals by name.
Most libraries have a combination of index formats.
Most libraries have a community information collection and all have staff trained to help.
Most libraries have a copy that can be used for reference.
Most libraries have a directory of manufacturers listed by state.
Most libraries have a finite amount of space and have difficulty accepting donated materials.
Most libraries have a good selection on gardening books.
Most libraries have a juvenile non-fiction section.
Most libraries have a large video selection now.
Most libraries have a policy on giving out information from city directories over the telephone.
Most libraries have a section on college planning that includes information on financial aid.
Most libraries have a subject index to magazines articles.
Most libraries have a variety of periodicals on the shelf or in microfilm format.
Most libraries have a very poor selection of forensic science textbooks.
Most libraries have a web page.
Most libraries have access to the special databases that help speed up the loan process.
Most libraries have among their resource books several volumes of quotes.
Most libraries have an electric typewriter.
Most libraries have an excellent collection of fiction, non-fiction and reference books available.
Most libraries have an extensive selection of resume help books.
Most libraries have at least one edition.
Most libraries have automated systems in which a count of serial records can be run.
Most libraries have books and brochures which list hundreds of scholarships and loan programs.
Most libraries have books with large print.
Most libraries have books, distribution companies have films.
Most libraries have books.
Most libraries have both open and closed stacks.
Most libraries have CD-ROMs, including encyclopaedias with information on all subjects.
Most libraries have collections of talking books, many of which are complete, unabridged recordings.
Most libraries have computers available for general use that have access to the Web.
Most libraries have computers available for use.
Most libraries have computers public use, sometimes with good quality learning software.
Most libraries have computers that are beneficial to genealogists in two ways.
Most libraries have computers which students can use to do research and type assignments.
Most libraries have computers with Internet access that are available for public use.
Most libraries have computers, also.
Most libraries have copies of the major style manuals.
Most libraries have copies.
Most libraries have detailed websites that explain their collections.
Most libraries have directories of foundations and corporate grantmakers.
Most libraries have directories of U.S. manufacturers listing the specific products.
Most libraries have extensive reference materials that are available for review.
Most libraries have foundation directories which list foundations by region and funding interests.
Most libraries have free Internet access.
Most libraries have free story hours and activities for kids.
Most libraries have good consumer information on energy use.
Most libraries have interlibrary loan services.
Most libraries have Internet availability.
Most libraries have it, too.
Most libraries have it.
Most libraries have limited budgets.
Most libraries have media directories that list every daily and weekly newspa- per.
Most libraries have much shorter hours and many don t have professional staff for all open hours.
Most libraries have photocopiers for students.
Most libraries have reference books that list private scholarship sources and criteria.
Most libraries have reference librarians available during the day.
Most libraries have reference materials that list descriptions of government positions.
Most libraries have rolls of microfilm of old newspapers on hand.
Most libraries have scholarship research books in their reference section.
Most libraries have several biographical works useful for genealogists.
Most libraries have similar organizing principles governing their physical layout.
Most libraries have some kind of a replacement rate policy.
Most libraries have some sort of information.
Most libraries have special displays of holiday books.
Most libraries have story hours once a week for toddlers and preschoolers.
Most libraries have story telling hours, puppet shows or music hours.
Most libraries have story times and welcome class visits.
Most libraries have such books.
Most libraries have summer book clubs and special reading activities for children.
Most libraries have telnet connections to their OPACs.
Most libraries have the Book of Common Prayer.
Most libraries have the PDR in their reference section.
Most libraries have to satisfy a variety of readers and so try to buy a portfolio of journals.
Most libraries have various types of resource materials useful in the search for sources of aid.
Most libraries host summer reading programs.
Most libraries just have the books.
Most libraries keep books about small business in the public reference section.
Most libraries keep current journal issues loose on the shelves.
Most libraries keep shorter opening hours during the long breaks.
Most libraries lack such money.
Most libraries lack the resources to produce videos themselves.
Most libraries lend books and provide photocopies of periodical articles.
Most libraries let even very young children have their own library card.
Most libraries let kids have their own library card when they can write their name.
Most libraries let people borrow books for several weeks.
Most libraries levy fines for overdue, damaged, and lost library materials.
Most libraries loan their books for free.
Most libraries make the Web available to their patrons.
Most libraries monitor patron participation and interests.
Most libraries now carry extensive resources and museums often feature displays.
Most libraries now have computers with to access the Internet.
Most libraries now have Internet access.
Most libraries offer a summer reading program for children.
Most libraries offer a summer reading program with built in reading incentives.
Most libraries offer a variety of programs for children to fill that bill.
Most libraries offer free access to the Internet.
Most libraries offer free Internet access.
Most libraries offer fun activities for children throughout the summer break.
Most libraries offer help for first-timers.
Most libraries offer information.
Most libraries offer Internet safety classes and tips online.
Most libraries offer scheduled reference desk assistance.
Most libraries offer some form of literacy programs and several universities have programs as well.
Most libraries own a paper holdings list of the other area libraries.
Most libraries permit renewals of Interlibrary loans.
Most libraries present FREE storytelling sessions.
Most libraries present storytelling sessions, library orientations, and special events programming.
Most libraries provide after-hours return slots.
Most libraries provide interlibrary loan services.
Most libraries provide materials.
Most libraries provide space for researchers with computers.
Most libraries provide the perfect combination of privacy, quiet, and comfort.
Most libraries provide very limited research by mail.
Most libraries purchase well-known and useful biographical dictionaries.
Most libraries seem to have discarded the earlier volumes as the new Fifth edition volumes came in.
Most libraries send out their materials to professional binderies.
Most libraries sponsor summer reading clubs with easy goals for pre-school and elementary students.
Most libraries still have materials which are only accessible via their card catalogue.
Most libraries subscribe and keep their current copy in the children's room.
Most libraries subscribe to a variety of publications.
Most libraries subscribe to the CD-ROM version.
Most libraries subscribe.
Most libraries support services.
Most libraries take a national and local newspaper.
Most libraries think the system is good in principle.
Most libraries use data in their educational efforts.
Most libraries use third class postal rates.
Most libraries welcome serious researchers.
Most libraries welcome visitors.
Some libraries accept phone or e-mail requests.
Some libraries actually give courses in word processing, spreadsheets and so on.
Some libraries actually like to treat the same type of situation differently.
Some libraries allow renewals.
Some libraries allow reserve material to be checked out overnight, before closing time.
Some libraries also have a printed list of items on reserve.
Some libraries also have a reference set of forms available for photocopying.
Some libraries also have access to vast sources of information on the Internet.
Some libraries also have copies of commonly-requested publications.
Some libraries also have periodicals in their own subject area.
Some libraries also have regulations available.
Some libraries also have study carrels and video viewing rooms.
Some libraries also have toys, games and paper and crayons to keep toddlers occupied.
Some libraries also lend films, videos, records, cassettes, compact discs, and art.
Some libraries also maintain separate lists of their currently available print reserves.
Some libraries also offer access to one of several online versions.
Some libraries also offer an information service by phone.
Some libraries also offer full text cataloguing and the ability to search their special collections.
Some libraries also offer limited Internet access.
Some libraries also present their special or map collections on Internet.
Some libraries also present their special or map collections on the Internet.
Some libraries appear on pages.
Some libraries apply lettering directly to the wall surfaces.
Some libraries are able to gather loans statistics for each language.
Some libraries are able to provide old newspapers on microfilm.
Some libraries are net lenders and some net suppliers.
Some libraries are now including PURLs in their online catalogs.
Some libraries are part of bungalows.
Some libraries are part of castles.
Some libraries are part of convents.
Some libraries are part of cottages.
Some libraries are part of dairies.
Some libraries are part of farmhouses.
Some libraries are part of farms.
Some libraries are part of houses.
Some libraries are part of manors.
Some libraries are part of monasteries.
Some libraries are part of palaces.
Some libraries are part of ranches.
Some libraries are small and specialized, some libraries are very large and diverse.
Some libraries are unable to provide courier services.
Some libraries are unable to supply the item or fill requests in a timely fashion.
Some libraries are very specialized.
Some libraries are, of course, able to measure actual physical use.
Some libraries attempt to modify and then restore read-only string variables.
Some libraries begin serving infants even before they are born through service to expectant parents.
Some libraries buy and check out laptops for building use.
Some libraries can access electronic database services and CD-ROM databases.
Some libraries can offer home delivery of materials to the homebound.
Some libraries cap the fines at the value of the book.
Some libraries carry stocks of story tapes for children and teenagers.
Some libraries change and cause major incompatabilities.
Some libraries charge a fee for requests.
Some libraries charge a lending fee for some items.
Some libraries charge a lending fee.
Some libraries charge additional fees.
Some libraries charge fees for borrowing, others make a small charge for a library card.
Some libraries charge fees for filling requests, especially for making photocopies of items.
Some libraries charge fees for interlibrary loans.
Some libraries charge fees.
Some libraries charge for interlibrary loans.
Some libraries charge for lending their materials.
Some libraries charge for making photocopies of articles.
Some libraries charge late fees.
Some libraries charge loan fees.
Some libraries charge more.
Some libraries charge postage for books or photocopying of journal articles.
Some libraries charge to loan a book.
Some libraries charge visitors a fee for access.
Some libraries collect e-journals of professional societies.
Some libraries conduct individual book sales periodically.
Some libraries contain blue plates.
Some libraries contain plates.
Some libraries count slip treaties, slip opinions, preprints, etc., as a working count.
Some libraries create a special policy for answering email reference question.
Some libraries deal with countries like Canada, U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Germany, etc.
Some libraries depend on the other, and requires particular version of the library to be installed.
Some libraries do allow renewals.
Some libraries do have signs requesting users to turn off their cell phones as a courtesy to others.
Some libraries do have various forms of Internet filtering on their computers.
Some libraries do install filtering software on computers intended for children's use.
Some libraries even have fishing tackle to loan out with the books.
Some libraries even have special sections where they shelve guides and handbooks about occupations.
Some libraries even have video and album loans.
Some libraries even have video-rental services and snack shops or restaurants.
Some libraries even let attackers pick a file without bothering with any tricks at all.
Some libraries even maintain a homeschooling file.
Some libraries even provide help through their Web sites.
Some libraries even provide Internet training.
Some libraries expect cataloguing records to be provided 'free' with the purchase of books.
Some libraries give priority to faculty research.
Some libraries go over the pro forma line by line.
Some libraries have a big enough budget to provide free forms.
Some libraries have a collection of books for which there is a fee to borrow.
Some libraries have a non-renewal policy .
Some libraries have a policy of no renewals.
Some libraries have a policy to only help their own card-carrying patrons.
Some libraries have a shorter weekday or two, and most close Sundays in summer.
Some libraries have access restrictions and none allow borrowing.
Some libraries have activities for children, such as storytelling and crafts.
Some libraries have all the class definitions on microfiche.
Some libraries have both kinds.
Some libraries have census records, as well as microfilm readers and access to the web.
Some libraries have chapel rooms that are usually locked.
Some libraries have collections of government documents.
Some libraries have collections of maps from all over the world.
Some libraries have entire sections devoted to vacation destinations.
Some libraries have exclusive rights to certain materials such as old or rare books and documents.
Some libraries have extensive local history collections.
Some libraries have files of old dealer lists.
Some libraries have homework centers designed especially to assist children with assignments.
Some libraries have lists of journals and catalog records of all journals available on the Internet.
Some libraries have major historic collections and all have collections of modern material.
Some libraries have memberships as well.
Some libraries have microfiche copies of parish registers for their area.
Some libraries have more material available than others.
Some Libraries have music in their collections.
Some libraries have newspapers of interest to people from ethnic communities.
Some libraries have no staff training and development budget at all.
Some libraries have older records that are latest entry cataloging.
Some libraries have on-line listings of their Esperanto holdings.
Some libraries have phone books from other states or even countries.
Some libraries have preservation collections of books in pristine condition.
Some libraries have reading material in other languages besides English.
Some libraries have reference collections of rare recordings to be used only at the library.
Some libraries have remote storage facilities for less-used material.
Some libraries have runs of more recent registers for their own locality.
Some libraries have several AV materials rooms with diferent functions, while some have only one.
Some libraries have specific information about printing and photocopying.
Some libraries have study carrels that can be assigned to graduate students on a yearly basis.
Some libraries have telnet catalogs while others are Web-based.
Some libraries have the spirit of a good bookstore.
Some libraries have their holdings listed on the Internet.
Some libraries have their own websites and online catalogs.
Some libraries have their periodical holdings listed in the online catalog.
Some libraries have their separate study rooms and reading rooms.
Some libraries have VCRs available for viewing.
Some libraries have videos for hire.
Some libraries have yet to take advantage of being able to discard.
Some libraries hold ceremony.
Some libraries install screens over computers that make it harder for kids to sneak peeks.
Some libraries just have the patron fill out a new registration form.
Some libraries just pick four to six good children's books and videos for different age groups.
Some libraries keep the reading lists from each school.
Some libraries locate biographical reference information in one place.
Some libraries maintain collections of video tapes on colleges.
Some libraries mix the magazines with the books on the shelves.
Some libraries modify the classification following initial alpha-numeric set.
Some libraries offer basic patent advice, mostly on searching.
Some libraries offer computers with Spanish language.
Some libraries offer facilities for arts and crafts exhibitions.
Some libraries offer mediated copy services.
Some libraries offer rush service for an extra fee.
Some libraries offer story times for parents and other caregivers with infants and toddlers.
Some libraries offer the service free.
Some libraries own special collections.
Some libraries pay their students at the same salary range.
Some libraries periodically offer bilingual story hours for children.
Some libraries permit renewals.
Some libraries place loan limits of one or two week loans.
Some libraries place their rarest items in a locked case or a special room.
Some libraries plan to include information about black deaf people.
Some libraries prefer that non-print materials be returned directly to the owning library.
Some libraries prefer to have the order instead of the degree.
Some libraries produce bibliographies of their major print research resources.
Some libraries produce guides to state subjects that include government information.
Some libraries provide filtering as an option for individuals and their families.
Some libraries provide free Internet access.
Some libraries provide scheduled access to computers at no charge.
Some libraries provide scheduled tours at the beginning of the school year.
Some libraries put systems in public services in order to focus on public access issues.
Some libraries receive electronic versions free if they subscribe to the print version.
Some libraries record ongoing efforts to reclaim and maintain control of tribal natural resources.
Some libraries rely almost entirely on donations for their children's collections.
Some libraries rely heavily on programming to attract certain user groups.
Some libraries report holdings selectively.
Some libraries require a local library card, some require any library card, others are open to all.
Some libraries require advance appointments.
Some libraries require assistance.
Some libraries require children who attend to pre-register.
Some libraries require pre- registration to attend events.
Some libraries require pre-registration.
Some libraries require researchers to use only pencil.
Some libraries require that technicians have a bachelor's degree.
Some libraries require that the materials be used in the library only.
Some libraries require that the materials they lend be used in the borrowing library only.
Some libraries require that their own forms be filled in.
Some libraries require the reader's sign ature for unpublished dissertations.
Some libraries restrict access to computer databases to their own users.
Some libraries restrict children s access to Internet to filtered workstations only.
Some libraries rewind the tape and are just irritated.
Some libraries rewind the tape and charge a fine on the patron's record.
Some libraries schedule group tours, especially at the beginning of academic semesters.
Some libraries see the increasing number of children as an opportunity to improve youth services.
Some libraries seem to prefer it, while others are more or less neutral.
Some libraries separate current issues from older ones.
Some libraries set up table displays from time to time.
Some libraries specialise in local material.
Some libraries still have it.
Some libraries still seem hesitant.
Some libraries subscribe to regularly published surveys.
Some libraries take the concept of place to a whole new level.
Some libraries use cards to list items.
Some libraries use fluorescent and even neon colors effectively.
Some libraries use labels printed out from their database to put on slides.
Some libraries use local subject heading schemes.
Some libraries use such studies as part of their purchasing decisions.
Some libraries waive the fee for persons who work in Jefferson County.
Some libraries waive the fee for persons who work in the respective library's city.
Some libraries welcome that change.
A libration is an oscillation
A libration is variation
Libration can cause signals to go goth above and below the average level.
Libration is a perceived oscillating motion of orbiting bodies relative to each other.
Libration is a wobble that allows varying amounts of the lunar surface to be seen.
Libration is readily apparent, too.
Librations are generally unfavorable for any unusual views.
Librations are oscillations.
Librations are variation.
A libretto is a script
Libretto implies the text of a work .
Librettos are located in operas.
Librettos are scripts.
Librettos have their distinct place in the history of music, especially in opera history.
All libretti are in the original language unless otherwise noted.
LIBS analysis require little or no sample preparation.
Libya is part of Africa.
Libya isa thing.
Libyan authority has duties.
Most libyan authority has duties.
Libyan cuisine is a unique cuisine which is used all over the Maghreb.
Libyan diet is also rich in sea food, like fresh fish, and sun-dried octopus and squids.
Most Libyan exports are purchased by Italy, Germany, Spain, France, Belgium, Turkey and Romania .
Some libyan fighters inspect tunnels.
Libyan jirds reproduce very irregular, there is often aggressive behaviour between a pair.
Libyan officials are very reasonable, but no one likes to see tourists wondering around.
Libyan oil is cheap to extract, of high quality, and close to European markets.
Libyan students studying abroad hold a national convention in Tripoli.
Libyan tea is rather very strong, thick, syrup-like black tea.
Libyan tea is very strong, and often served with mint or peanuts.
Libyan terrorists infiltrate throughout Europe while passport-checking computers are offline.
All Libyan workers are required to join a trade union.
Libyan has (part) arms.
Libyan has (part) body substances.
Libyan has (part) cell membranes.
Libyan has (part) cells.
Libyan has (part) corpi.
Libyan has (part) cytoplasm.
Libyan has (part) heads.
Libyan has (part) human bodies.
Libyan has (part) legs.
Libyan has (part) material bodies.
Libyan has (part) necks.
Libyan has (part) nuclei.
Libyan has (part) personality.
Libyan has (part) plasma membranes.
Libyan has (part) sections.
Libyan has (part) vacuoles.
Libyan isa individual.
Libyan isa person.
Libyan isa somebody.
Libyan isa someone.
Lice infestations are common throughout the world.
Lice infestations are rare in pet birds.
Lice infestations result in production decreases in cattle.
Lice cause intense itchiness, constant irritation and relentless restlessness in affected dogs.
Lice cause intense itching in affected areas and pink papules.
Lice cause intense itching of the scalp.
Lice cause itching, scratching, and open wounds that easily become infected.
Lice crawl from person to person directly or on combs, hats, bedding, etc.
Lice fly or jump.
Lice like to live in people's hair, and they like to have very big families.
Lice live and lay their eggs on the skin amongst the hair or wool.
Lice live by feeding on human blood which is why they become brownish red.
Lice live by feeding on human blood.
Lice look like dandruff, but the small, white creatures adhere to hair rather than the scalp.
Lice look like dandruff, but the small, white creatures adhere to the hairs rather than the scalp.
Lice look something like fleas, but are difficult to see and move quickly.
Lice pass through a three-stage life cycle, including three stages as immature nymphs.
Lice persist over the summer months on reservoir animals.
Lice survive by biting the scalp causing red marks on the back of the neck or scalp.
Lice tend to stay embedded in the warm, dark areas where they thrive.
Lice thrive in clean hair and they often spread among family members and in schools.
Lice transfer from one head to another.
Lice turn up in archaeological sites from Iceland to Israel.
Lice waits for no bureaucrat.
All lice are wingless.
All lice cause itching and discomfort.
All lice infecting poultry and birds are the chewing type.
All lice infecting poultry and birds are the sucking and chewing type.
Many lice are specific to a single species of host and have co-evolved with it.
Most lice appear in clusters.
Most lice eat blood.
Most lice emerge from eggs.
Most lice give birth to lice.
Most lice has-part mouthparts.
Most lice have appearances.
Most lice have heads.
Most lice have legs.
Most lice have lifespans.
Most lice have shapes.
Most lice invade hair.
Most lice invade people.
Most lice live in hair.
Most lice live on blood.
Most lice live on heads.
Most lice live on hosts.
Most lice live on mammals.
Most lice occur in animals.
Most lice occur in groups.
Most lice occur in hair.
Most lice occur in heads.
Most lice prefer blood.
Most lice prefer hair.
Most lice require blood.
Most lice require hair.
Most lice resemble lice.
Some lice are resistant to commonly used pediculicides.
Some lice avoid poison.
Some lice become lice.
Some lice carry organisms.
Some lice crawl on skin.
Some lice feed on blood.
Some lice feed on feathers.
Some lice feed on human blood.
Some lice find on people.
Some lice get air.
Some lice get food.
Some lice have abdomens.
Some lice have claws.
Some lice have larval stages.
Some lice have stages.
Some lice infect animals.
Some lice infect dogs.
Some lice infect eyelashs.
Some lice infect people.
Some lice infect sheep.
Some lice invade beds.
Some lice invade bodies.
Some lice invade children.
Some lice invade students.
Some lice live in animals.
Some lice live in beds.
Some lice live on animals.
Some lice live on birds.
Some lice live on people.
Some lice live on predators.
Some lice live on skin, although they are difficult to see.
Some lice live on skin.
Some lice make blood.
Some lice make eggs.
Some lice make homes.
Some lice occur in Oklahoma.
Some lice prefer heads.
Some lice require environments.
Some lice require water.
Some lice resemble adult lice.
Some lice suck blood.
Some lice suck coyotes.
Some lice suck human blood.
Some lice take blood meals.
Some lice take meals.
Some lice take precaution.
Licence fee is the highest ever heard of.
Licence fees apply for other than personal uses.
Licence fees are applicable.
Licence fees are moderate.
Licence fees are non-refundable.
Licence fees range from tens to hundreds of dollars a year, and there are various restrictions.
Licence fees vary according to distribution requirements.
Licence keys are free to academic sites but profit making sites are required to pay.
Licence keys are necessary in order to install full versions of our products.
Many licence plates broadcast occupations.
Licence allows non-commercial copying and use.
Licence Hold a current C licence.
Licence is liberty
Licence means a Licence to operate an automatic vending machine.
Licence Permits the holder to operate a motorcycle.
Licence requires a management plan.
Licences also provide market participants with clear requirements and regulatory certainty.
Licences are available at our rendezvous locations.
Licences are available for all types of use throughout the world.
Licences are available for one and eight days, and annually.
Licences are available for some medical and all non-medical applications.
Licences are available here .
Licences are available to kill or remove badgers if they are found to be damaging property.
Licences are conditional and subject to individual approval.
Licences are difficult to obtain and expensive.
Licences are generally available at sporting goods stores in most cities or towns.
Licences are no more available for the North American market.
Licences are on file at their offices.
Licences are ongoing until it they are surrendered, suspended or cancelled.
Licences are ongoing until suspended, cancelled or surrendered.
Licences are only valid for three years.
Licences are readily available in our bait shop.
Licences are renewable annually.
Licences are renewable every three years.
Licences are the problem.
Licences are thus a prime type of pro-forma for use in rights clearing for visual arts resources.
Licences are valid for five days including the date of issue.
Licences are valid for five years and can be paid with cash, cheque or money order.
Licences are valid for one year.
Licences are valid for three years, renewable for three years with a total of two renewals possible.
Licences are widely available from retailers and service stations in the region.
Licences are, however, signed on a purely voluntary basis.
Licences assume that all parties involved are equal.
Licences can also prohibit the addition of other logos and icons.
Licences has to be renewed every year.
Licences have to be obtained before work can go ahead.
Licences have to be paid for.
Licences have to be renewed every five years.
Licences run for one, two, three or five years.
Licences specify environmental performance requirements for certain industrial activities.
Licences take effect the date they are issued.
Licences take effect the day they are issued.
Licences often prohibit distributing copies to others.
Licences often prohibit making multiple copies.
All licences come with two years free technical support.
Any licence continues to be in existence until all appeal procedures are exhausted.
Every licence specifies the area of the timber concession and the authorised quota per year.
Most licences are also able to be transferred from one person or organisation to another.
Most licences are per user or per site, while some charge a fixed monthly or annual fee.
Some licences only allow a certain number of concurrent users.
Some licences say that software can be used both at home and at the office.
License counselors make attempts.
License physicians perform procedures.
License is an instrument
License is authorization.
License is credentials.
License is legal documents.
License is liberty.
License is permission.
License isa document.
License requires tests.
Licenses allow use of one application on one computer, regardless of platform.
Licenses also are inexpensive and easy to get.
Licenses are a hot topic.
Licenses are a kicker.
Licenses are a way to maximize the economic value of an invention.
Licenses are additive.
Licenses are also available at any of the three shelters.
Licenses are also available for commercial use.
Licenses are also available for multiple users.
Licenses are also available for resident and non-resident fishing and hunting.
Licenses are also available here.
Licenses are also available on site.
Licenses are also available to nonmembers at higher rates.
Licenses are also available to nonresident.
Licenses are also available.
Licenses are also necessary for modification of existing thermoelectric generating installations.
Licenses are also now available.
Licenses are also to be renewed every five years.
Licenses are also up.
Licenses are automatically renewable.
Licenses are available as either single machine licenses or network licenses.
Licenses are available as first or second licenses only.
Licenses are available at any town clerk's office and sporting goods stores.
Licenses are available at any town or city clerk in the State, and are valid only in New York State.
Licenses are available at bait shops and fishing supply stores, as well.
Licenses are available at local convenience stores and at many sporting goods and bait stores.
Licenses are available at most bait shops and sporting goods stores.
Licenses are available at most sporting goods stores.
Licenses are available at most tackle and gun shops.
Licenses are available at the lodge.
Licenses are available at the marina bait shop.
Licenses are available at town halls and many tackle retailers.
Licenses are available at Town Halls, most sporting goods stores, and at many convenience stores.
Licenses are available by drawing only.
Licenses are available for a reasonable fee.
Licenses are available for an annual fee.
Licenses are available for approx.
Licenses are available for CGI applications, CD-ROMs, or end user applications.
Licenses are available for corporate and organizational use.
Licenses are available for other countries.
Licenses are available for other types of organization.
Licenses are available for purchase at nearby locations.
Licenses are available for purchase here .
Licenses are available for training additional trainees at reduced rates.
Licenses are available for university-owned computers only.
Licenses are available from fishing hire shops.
Licenses are available from many local sporting good stores.
Licenses are available from most educational video distributors and the prices are often negotiable.
Licenses are available from their office and at most local sporting goods stores.
Licenses are available from town offices and many sporting goods stores.
Licenses are available in either nodelocked or hardware key format.
Licenses are available in most sporting goods stores carrying fishing equipment.
Licenses are available in particular fields of use.
Licenses are available in specific fields of use.
Licenses are available nearby.
Licenses are available on a fair and reasonable basis.
Licenses are available on a per workstation basis.
Licenses are available on board.
Licenses are available on the boat.
Licenses are available Please contact the e-mail address at the bottom of the page.
Licenses are available quarterly on a prepaid basis.
Licenses are available through local tax collectors, many tackle shops and marine supply stores.
Licenses are available through our main lodge.
Licenses are available to both Florida residents and non-residents.
Licenses are available to companies and organizations for internal use.
Licenses are available to Radisys employees.
Licenses are available.
Licenses are by far the more common arrangement between inventors and toy companies.
Licenses are contracts and a patent, as mentioned earlier, is also essentially a contract.
Licenses are contracts.
Licenses are currently available for personal and limited commercial use.
Licenses are due both on the operation of a warehouse for hire, and as a distributing agent.
Licenses are easy to obtain and the spectacular scenery is an added bonus.
Licenses are entered into a database.
Licenses are extra.
Licenses are far more informal than easements.
Licenses are for a single machine.
Licenses are for spectral bandwidth rather than technologies.
Licenses are for tracks in .aiff or .wav format for Web streaming.
Licenses are for unlimited local use.
Licenses are for use of the map or maps on one site only.
Licenses are free of charge for academic users.
Licenses are funny, provocative, and great conversation pieces.
Licenses are good for a period of two years.
Licenses are good for one year from date of issuance.
Licenses are good for one year from the month of purchase.
Licenses are good for one year.
Licenses are good for six years, and appointments for renewals can be made by calling the office.
Licenses are good for the duration of the animal's vaccination.
Licenses are good for the term of one year.
Licenses are important.
Licenses are in the form of stamps.
Licenses are issued on a prorated basis, therefore, the fee structure changes each month.
Licenses are labor-intensive.
Licenses are merely a form of contract.
Licenses are much cheaper.
Licenses are nonexclusive and nontransferable.
Licenses are non-tranferrable between products.
Licenses are non-transferable and revocable at any time.
Licenses are non-transferable.
Licenses are now available for all of the soundtracks listed below with more to follow.
Licenses are now on sale.
Licenses are obtainable for salmon and sea-trout fishing.
Licenses are obtainable upon completion of the degree.
Licenses are obtainble in surrounding communities, outside the park .
Licenses are on file at the offices in Florida.
Licenses are only available to our current funding organisations.
Licenses are only good for the county in which the dog resides.
Licenses are our main focus.
Licenses are payable in full prior to the begin date for the event.
Licenses are per database server.
Licenses are per organisation per country.
Licenses are per server.
Licenses are per Server.
Licenses are permanent and provide the right to use the specific version of the product purchased.
Licenses are permanent.
Licenses are perpetual and continue until canceled by the taxpayer.
Licenses are reciprocal between in-state municipalities.
Licenses are relatively easy to obtain.
Licenses are renewable and are granted for two years.
Licenses are renewable annually with penalty fees if they expire.
Licenses are renewable annually.
Licenses are renewable each year.
Licenses are renewable every five years before birthday.
Licenses are renewable every two years.
Licenses are renewable one year from date of purchase.
Licenses are required for electricians, master electricians, and electrical contractors.
Licenses are server-specific.
Licenses are specific to the particular model and to the destination.
Licenses are subject to the terms and conditions applicable to the licensing program.
Licenses are the important thing.
Licenses are the life blood of any fishing enterprise.
Licenses are the most restrictive and are issued by governmental entities.
Licenses are to be displayed in public view at the place of business.
Licenses are to be renewed annually.
Licenses are transferable from one computer to another.
Licenses are two-edged swords.
Licenses are usually perpetual.
Licenses are valid for a calendar year.
Licenses are valid for a year from the date they are issued.
Licenses are valid for five years and can be renewed for additional five-year periods.
Licenses are valid for five years, and are renewable.
Licenses are valid for four birthdates in most cases.
Licenses are valid for four years from the date of issuance.
Licenses are valid for four years.
Licenses are valid for one year from the date of issue.
Licenses are valid for one year from the month of purchase.
Licenses are valid for one year.
Licenses are valid for only one place of business.
Licenses are valid for the calendar year.
Licenses are valid for three months from date of issue.
Licenses are valid for two years from the date of issuance.
Licenses are valid for up to two years, and aid in recovery of lost or stolen bikes.
Licenses are valid for up to two years.
Licenses are valid in all areas of the province.
Licenses are valid in any county in Texas.
Licenses are valid throughout the state during the five year period.
Licenses are valid unless revoked for cause.
Licenses are very restrictive.
Licenses authorizing multiple loading are available from some publishers.
Licenses Below are percentages of newly hired teachers unlicensed in their main assignment fields.
Licenses can be either exclusive or non-exclusive.
Licenses can be either for consumption on or off the premises.
Licenses can be exclusive or non-exclusive.
Licenses can be exclusive or, for a specific field of use or for a specific geographical area.
Licenses can be exclusive to a single party or broad to many.
Licenses can be exclusive, for a specific field of use, or for a specific geographical area.
Licenses can be for a single title, or for multiple titles developed at a specific location.
Licenses can be inactive indefinitely.
Licenses can be nontransferable, exclusive, limited or nonexclusive.
Licenses can expire or be granted on very stringent requirements.
Licenses can extend for the entire length of the patent or for shorter periods of time.
Licenses can have different rights, such as start times and dates, duration, and counted operations.
Licenses can include periodic updates at nominal charge.
Licenses can take anywhere from an hour to a month to obtain.
Licenses contain full name and address of the owner.
Licenses cover support, maintenance, and updates.
Licenses currently last for five years.
Licenses do include the right to install and use the software.
Licenses ensure fair business competition and protect consumers.
Licenses expire at midnight on the licensees expiration date.
Licenses expire one year from date of application.
Licenses expire one year from the date of application.
Licenses expire upon the transfer of ownership of any bicycle.
Licenses generally allow the software to be installed on one computer at a time.
Licenses Get help with business, vocational and professional licenses.
Licenses go on sale for the new year.
Licenses granted by the board become void when the holder terminates Oregon residency.
Licenses have a specific term, usually three or five years.
Licenses have to be paid for.
Licenses have to be renewed yearly.
Licenses is ready to start construction works.
Licenses issued in the Czech Republic are valid only in the Czech Republic.
Licenses issued in the Slovak Republic are valid only in the Slovak Republic.
Licenses issued in the State of Florida are separate from other jurisdictions.
Licenses issued under the agreement are perpetual.
Licenses now have to fit into today's environment, and it is a lot different.
Licenses provide a full year of unlimited usage.
Licenses provide owners with proof of legal ownership.
Licenses purchaser to copy sufficient number for choir upon the act of payment.
Licenses run for one year from the date the software is licensed.
Licenses serve as a tool for returning lost dogs to their owners.
Licenses Tracks an employee s professional licenses.
Licenses Tracks an employee's professional licenses.
Licenses typically last for three to five decades.
Licenses using license.dat files can either be node-locked or floating.
Licenses vary from product to product and vendor to vendor.
Licenses often bring high prices at auction.
Licenses sometimes provide for research grants as well.
Licenses usually involve the payment of a fee or royalty.
Licenses usually permit a professional to practice independently.
All licenses allow for Internet use with unlimited end users.
All licenses are available over the counter unless specified by draw.
All licenses are current and bookings in place.
All licenses are for a single developer with the following exceptions.
All licenses are fully compatible with each other.
All licenses are global, and there are client discounts available.
All licenses are in order.
All licenses are in use.
All Licenses are inclusive of our comprehensive maintenance and update service.
All licenses are non-exclusive.
All licenses are non-transferable.
All licenses are permanent.
All licenses are perpetual and can be used as long as the above restrictions are adhered to.
All licenses are perpetual.
All licenses are renewable on applicant s birthday.
All licenses are scalable with a key regeneration fee.
All Licenses are special order items and a no-return policy applies.
All licenses are special order items.
All licenses are subject to a horseman s agreement.
All licenses are to be prepaid.
All licenses are to be used on a single campus.
All licenses are valid for one year, and are subject to renewal on the licensee's birthday.
All licenses are valid for one year.
All licenses are valid indefinitely.
All licenses carry certain privileges and certain restrictions.
All licenses currently granted for the tests are to be reviewed.
All licenses exist.
All licenses expire at the same time as the rabies vaccination unless otherwise stated.
All licenses expire on the anniversary date of the year of issue .
All licenses expire on the last day of the year in which issued except as otherwise provided.
All licenses float.
All licenses have conditions and restrictions on use.
All licenses issued are valid for one year from the date of purchase.
All licenses issued remain in full force until surrendered, revoked or suspended.
All licenses permit an unlimited number of studies and an unlimited number of respondents.
All licenses require that the applicant be tested.
All licenses require that the equipment the software is installed on be in use by the licensee.
All licenses require usage reporting, but NO additional fees.
Many licenses limit the number of simultaneous uses of individual titles.
Many licenses prohibit electronic transmission of e-journals.
Many licenses require consumers to get notices from a software publisher or on-line service.
Many licenses restrict software installation to a specific machine rather than a specific user.
More licenses are available for larger companies.
Most licenses are short term because of the nature of technology.
Most licenses limit the use of licensed software to university-owned computers.
Most licenses provide for a limited time period to correct a default.
Some licenses allow only short-term use.
Some licenses also prohibit network distribution.
Some licenses are non-transferrable.
Some licenses come with enormous libraries of music, cut scenes, characters, etc.
Some licenses count for higher values.
Some licenses expire in odd years and some expire in even years.
Some licenses expire periodically and some licenses never even existed.
Some licenses expire periodically AND some licenses never even existed.
Some licenses extend to personally-owned computers.
Some licenses go further, and permit copies of a program for use in more than one machine.
Some licenses have educational or experience requirements.
Some licenses last only two years.
Some licenses ought to be in place early in the new year.
Some licenses permit multiple users to operate the software at the same time.
Some licenses prohibit quotations, modifications, or manipulation of data.
Some licenses provide a CD per seat with a unique serial number.
Some licenses require it.
Some licenses require many months of schooling, as for cosmeticians and barbers.
Some licenses require Mayoral approval prior to issuance.
Some licenses require service while holding qualified ratings on their.
Some licenses require that at least the modifications be documented.
Some licenses restrict use to campus.
Some licenses say that software can be used both at home and at the office.
Some licenses specify university-owned machines, while others allow for home use.
Some licenses specify zero units, which is equivalent to unlimited units.
Licensed agencies provide reliable aide service with agency back up if the aide gets sick.
Licensed agents are available to answer questions and provide assistance.
Licensed agents assist in all details to insure successful and pleasant sales and closings.
Licensed agents can download a vision insurance application on behalf of their client groups here.
Licensed agents provide accountability and the greatest assurance against fraud and abuse.
Licensed applicators can also search for restricted use pesticide dealers.
Licensed architects are legally responsible for all work.
Licensed area is wheelchair accessible.
Licensed attorneys are on call.
Licensed attorneys conduct the hearings for the agency.
Licensed bar is located in the restaurant.
Licensed behaviour is behaviour permitted under certain conditions.
Licensed bikes are easy to trace and therefore make less attractive targets for thieves.
Licensed brokers are also available, as needed, to assist companies through the process.
Most licensed brokers have a separate account for escrow deposits only.
Licensed builders are preferred for roof repairs.
Most licensed builders are competent, experienced and honest.
Licensed cats are more likely to be reunited with their owners if they stray and become lost.
Licensed centers are often in short supply.
Licensed clinicians provide advanced training and supervision.
Licensed clubs are also unhappy with the proposed legislation.
Licensed coaches lead all teams, and all matches are refereed.
Licensed contractors are subject to laws designed to protect the consumer.
Most licensed contractors offer some form of warranty, typically one year.
Licensed copies are totally customizable.
Licensed cosmetologist helps cancer patients improve appearance and self-image.
Licensed cosmetologists fear loss of business and cosmetology schools fear the loss of students.
Licensed counselors are available to assist students with personal and educational concerns.
Licensed counselors are available to provide individual and couple counseling.
Licensed courses are on budget.
Licensed databases are available with a range of simultaneous user limits, at competitive prices.
Licensed daycare has openings.
Licensed designers say yes, maybe and no in equal numbers.
Licensed doctors are easy to control.
Licensed drivers are available as well in large quantities.
Licensed electricians demand higher salaries.
Licensed engines are a shortcut and a hedge.
Licensed establishments serve their own alcohol.
Licensed games are usually terrible and futuristic racing games tend to overdo it.
Licensed gaming includes bingo, ticket raffle, social occasion casino and wheels of fortune.
All licensed hams welcome.
Any licensed ham can participate and operate on any amateur frequency.
Any licensed ham is welcome to join in.
Any licensed ham living reasonably close to the area can be a volunteer control operator.
Some licensed homes serve as emergency shelters.
Some licensed homes specialize in children of a certain age.
Licensed hunters can only shoot one moose per season.
Any licensed hunter is eligible to participate.
Licensed individuals are registered representatives of brokers.
Licensed individuals work under the direction of a principal broker.
Licensed installation is now complete.
Licensed lawyers provide online written opinions.
Licensed lenders follow a more stringent code and maximum rates are higher.
Licensed merchandise is an integral part of our culture.
Licensed midwives are independent practitioners with expertise in the care of healthy women.
Licensed midwives specialize in caring for healthy women throughout their childbearing years.
Licensed nurses are also available on-site.
Licensed nurses are at the forefront of patient care.
Licensed nurses are available upon request for an additional fee.
Licensed nurses are on campus around the clock.
Licensed nurses are on staff to support our resident's needs.
Licensed nurses are responsible by law to provide care at accepted standards.
Licensed Nutritionists are counselors skilled in dietary evaluation, physical needs and education.
Licensed operators do adhere to a set of professional standards.
Licensed operators maintain all treatment and water supply facilities.
Licensed opportunities are available for protected geographical areas.
Licensed personnel oversee all aspects of the cremation.
Licensed physicians are at the nearby local hospital.
Licensed physicians can prescribe methadone for pain control.
Licensed physicians oversee all aspects of product formulation and quality control.
Licensed physicians perform all abortions.
Any licensed physician can practice any type of medicine.
Any licensed physician can prescribe maggot therapy.
Licensed plumbers are on staff for all installed plumbing sales.
Licensed premises are legitimate business concerns.
Licensed producers are responsible for setting their own prices.
Licensed producers set their own prices.
Licensed products are available through our retail mail order catalog or here on our Web site.
Licensed professional is preferred.
Licensed professionals are responsible for reporting illegal practice.
Licensed programs are the priority.
Licensed prostitutes are also to cooperate with the center to promote condom use among sex workers.
Licensed provider provides pap smears, pelvic exams and breast exams.
Licensed providers know what they have to do to comply with the law.
Licensed psychologists are available for short-term care on the campus.
Licensed psychologists are highly qualified to diagnose and treat anxiety disorders.
Licensed psychologists conduct individual supervision of interns on a regularly scheduled basis.
Most licensed resources require cookies to be enabled.
Most licensed resources require some type of procedure to ensure appropriate use.
Most licensed sites are very reputable and trustworthy.
Licensed software is deleted.
Licensed stylists are available to provide a complete hair care servce for residents.
Licensed taxis are available in the Airport lobby.
Licensed therapist offers individual yoga therapy and counseling.
Licensed therapists are available for individual, group, couples and family therapy.
Licensed tracks pose another problem.
Licensed use is for a single standalone computer only.
Licensed users can download the latest update now or view a list of the changes.
Licensed users can download updates to receive the latest product upgrades.
Licensed users can install the software on both their office and home computers.
Licensed users can obtain new versions at the more favourable update prices.
Licensed users get screen saver module.
Licensed users receive additional print printing styles to make their printing easier.
Licensed users receive email support, bug fixes and feature requests.
Licensed users receive full support, upgrades and bug fixes.
Licensed users receive upgrades for a nominal fee.
Licensed vendors are preferred.
Licensed version includes a full compliment of commodities along with unlimited daily data updates.
Licensed version is FREE just for registering the program.
Any licensed veterinarian can obtain the forms and perform the evaluations.
Licensed websites are subject to regular checks on their advertising content and mode of operations.
A licensee is a retailer
Licensees abide by the regulations of the state in which they are fishing.
Licensees already have some flexibility to adapt local radio programme formats.
Licensees also have a responsibility to maintain their licensure records.
Licensees are also at fault.
Licensees are free to take a single 'Subject' or 'Interest' category or can mix and match.
Licensees are most clearly responsible for the conduct of patrons on the licensee's premises.
Licensees are responsible for carrying their unit keys at all times.
Licensees are responsible for ensuring that they are in compliance with the code.
Licensees are responsible for liquor law violations committed by their employees.
Licensees are responsible for maintaining security for storage and use.
Licensees are responsible for preventing minors from purchasing cigarettes from a vending machine.
Licensees are responsible for their own information provided on the resumes.
Licensees are retailers.
Licensees are subject to all applicable state and local health department rules.
Licensees are subject to certain fees and rules.
Licensees are under contract and have agreed to use the marks as prescribed by the institution.
Licensees are welcome.
Licensees automatically receive full transmission details when they join the Scheme.
Licensees can . . .
Licensees can also pay fees via credit card through a secure Internet connection.
Licensees can have special instructions.
Licensees can login here.
Licensees can offer consulting engineering or surveying services to private and public entities.
Licensees can submit change of address online.
Licensees can take approved courses anywhere they are offered.
Licensees can thus add new digests or modify existing ones.
Licensees can view drawings and make comments from their client machines.
Licensees can, however, bring in special entertainment, such as a band, and charge a cover fee.
Licensees competitively bid their services for compensatory shares in the company.
Licensees develop plans for commercialization of the invention.
Licensees download an image link file and place the links on their site.
Licensees handle all functions normally allocated to employees as jobs.
Licensees have a far lower rate of crime than the general populace.
Licensees have little incentive to improve the land to make it more useful.
Licensees hosting their own content receive updates quarterly.
Licensees implement control mechanisms to reduce risk.
Licensees manage their accounts online via our account management center.
Licensees receive any bug fixes and updates produced during the subscription period.
Licensees receive full source code for all plug-ins.
Licensees receive regular quarterly releases with new features and bug fixes for previous releases.
Licensees recognize that wages are essential to meeting employees basic needs.
Licensees recognize that wages are essential to meeting employees' basic needs.
Licensees recognize that wages are essential to meeting workers' basic needs.
Licensees renewing after the renewal deadline owe a late fee.
Licensees report and remit taxes and surcharges on a monthly basis.
Licensees represent a wide spectrum of large and small companies, including foreign ones.
Licensees take steps to reduce the volume of radioactive waste after it has been produced.
Licensees working with buyers can act as transaction brokers or single party brokers.
Licensees often decide to sell quickly and set a short deadline for transactions to be complete.
Licensees often settle the case by agreeing to discipline instead of taking the case to a hearing.
Licensees usually monitor and dispose of normal effluents effectively.
All licensees are in place and current.
All licensees are required to take a review course every two years.
All licensees are subject to audit.
All licensees attend a one week long training program at our corporate training facility.
All licensees contribute a certain percentage of their sales to the campaign.
Many licensees are inactive, too.
Many licensees request assistance from manufacturers about shipments.
Some licensees choose to include audited financial statements with their annual report.
Some licensees have well-established ECPs, while others have none at all.
Some licensees occasionally answer questions which are beyond their level of expertise.
Some licensees use simplex communication on repeater output channels.
Licenses fees are non-refundable.
Licensing agreement is a contract
Licensing agreement is contracts.
Licensing agreements are also available.
Licensing agreements are for a single retail location only.
Licensing agreements are for one-year terms.
Every licensing agreement is different.
Most licensing agreements allow a copy of the program to be made for backup purposes.
Most licensing authorities attach no conditions whatever to their licences, but some do.
Licentious behavior begets licentious behavior.
Some lichen habitats are preferred by caribou.
A lichen is skin disorder
Lichen isa disease.
Lichens are a algae and fungal combination that grow on surfaces that have some moisture.
Lichens are a good indicator of pollution.
Lichens are a mutual provident society of fungi and algae.
Lichens are a mutualistic association between a fungus and an alga or cyanobacteria.
Lichens are a remarkable partnership between algae and fungi.
Lichens are a successful alliance between a fungus and an alga.
Lichens are a symbiotic association between a fungus and an alga.
Lichens are a symbiotic association between algae and fungus.
Lichens are a symbiotic composite of algal cells intertwined with fungal hyphae.
Lichens are a symbiotic conjunction of an algae and a fungus.
Lichens are a symbiotic relationship between a fungus and a green alga or cyanobacterium .
Lichens are a symbiotic union between fungus and algae.
Lichens are able to withstand great desiccation without injury.
Lichens are abundant with many rare species.
Lichens are actually two organisms existing in a symbiotic relationship know as mutalism.
Lichens are also important as environmental indicators, especially of air quality.
Lichens are also important in making soil.
Lichens are also of great use to ecologists.
Lichens are also present in mature habitats on rock surfaces or the trunks of trees.
Lichens are always a symbiotic relationship between a fungus and a photosynthesizer.
Lichens are amazing creatures for other reasons as well.
Lichens are amongst the most indispensible of all bio- indicators.
Lichens are beautiful dual organisms.
Lichens are certainly one of the most successful biological marriages on earth.
Lichens are common in the Sacramento region.
Lichens are complex structures made up of a fungus and an alga living together symbiotically.
Lichens are composite, symbiotic organisms made up from members of as many as three kingdoms.
Lichens are different.
Lichens are division.
Lichens are eaten by many animals, such as deer, mountain goats and caribou.
Lichens are especially conspicuous as one walks to the falls overlook.
Lichens are essentially fungi containing symbiotic algal cells.
Lichens are extremely hardy and can survive severe water stress.
Lichens are far more than mere biological curiosities.
Lichens are friendly relationships between alga and fungi whereby they grow in a plant-like form.
Lichens are fungi that work with algae.
Lichens are fungi.
Lichens are funguses.
Lichens are good at colonizing bare rock and starting to break it down into soil.
Lichens are greener in damp than in dry weather.
Lichens are helpful in monitoring forest conditions like moisture content and effect of pollution.
Lichens are highly successful organisms.
Lichens are homes for spiders, mites, lice and other insects.
Lichens are important for several reasons.
Lichens are important in the process of soil formation.
Lichens are important pioneers, breaking down rock and allowing for colonization by other plants.
Lichens are in fact a symbiotic lifeform between a fungus and a alga.
Lichens are located in forests.
Lichens are long-lived and grow slowly.
Lichens are low in protein, but high in carbohydrates.
Lichens are many times studied in a class when studying the mosses.
Lichens are moss-like plants that grow on rocks and wood.
Lichens are mutualistic associations between fungi and algae.
Lichens are mutualistic associations between fungi and cyanobacteria, green algae, or both.
Lichens are often the first life form to colonize bare rock and, as they decay, build soil.
Lichens are organisms that consist of a fungus and alga.
Lichens are pioneer species.
Lichens are pioneers.
Lichens are placed in groups based on their body forms and features.
Lichens are plants made up of an algae and fungi growing together.
Lichens are products of a symbiosis between a fungus and a unicellular alga.
Lichens are quite flammable and are some of the slowest plants to recover after a fire.
Lichens are really sensitive to pollution, and scientists use lichens to test air quality.
Lichens are rootless organism, part algae and part fungi.
Lichens are sensitive slow growing organisms.
Lichens are sensitive to air pollution due to their mode of mineral uptake.
Lichens are skin diseases.
Lichens are slow growing associations between fungi and photosynthetic symbionts.
Lichens are soil builders, producing weak acids that very gradually erode the rock surface.
Lichens are sparse in high-pollution areas.
Lichens are symbiotic associations between Ascomycetes and certain green algae.
Lichens are symbiotic associations of algae and fungi.
Lichens are symbiotic combinations of algae and fungi that adhere to bark and even rocks.
Lichens are symbiotic forms of plant life than contain an alga and a fungus.
Lichens are symbiotic organisms made up of algae and fungi.
Lichens are symbiotic relationships between algae and fungi.
Lichens are symbiotic, non-vascular organisms, similar to fungi or moss.
Lichens are the first conspicuous organisms to colonise bare rock surfaces.
Lichens are the major food for tundra herbivores such as caribou and reindeer.
Lichens are the most dominant plants.
Lichens are the most familiar example.
Lichens are the most overlooked of the conspicuous organisms in the natural landscape.
Lichens are the principal winter food of many caribou, reindeer and musk-oxen.
Lichens are tough, self-sufficient organisms.
Lichens are unique creatures in the plant world.
Lichens are useful bioindicators of environmental quality.
Lichens are very good bioindicators of air quality as they are very sensitive to pollution.
Lichens are very good bio-indicators to survey the air pollution.
Lichens are very good sensors of environmental pollution .
Lichens are very interesting things.
Lichens are very resistant to cold and drought.
Lichens are very sensitive to atmospheric pollution and so are abundant in low-pollution areas.
Lichens are very sensitive to pollutants and serve as indicators of air and water pollution.
Lichens are very sensitive to pollutants in the air and are used as bioindicators .
Lichens are very sensitive to sulphur dioxide pollution in the air.
Lichens are very, very slow growing.
Lichens are well known as dye sources.
Lichens belong to the group of spore-plants.
Lichens belong usually to the most unpretentious organisms.
Lichens come in a variety of forms.
Lichens come in many colors, sizes, and forms.
Lichens come in three different forms.
Lichens come in three general forms . . .
Lichens comprise algae and fungi in partnership.
Lichens cover the rocks .
Lichens cover the rocks.
Lichens create new soil from rock.
Lichens develop on their surfaces and often cover large spaces on mountain tops.
Lichens grow differently at different times in their lives.
Lichens grow extremely slowly.
Lichens grow green on stumps, roots and rocks.
Lichens grow in a variety of habitats.
Lichens grow in a wide range of habitats on nearly every continent.
Lichens grow in mats on the ground and on rocks across the Arctic.
Lichens grow in unlikely spots such as bare rocks, deserts, dead wood or bark on a tree.
Lichens grow on almost any type of surface and can be found in almost all areas of the world.
Lichens grow on bare rockfaces, and tenacious alpine flowers find a precarious roothold.
Lichens grow on rocks and soil, as well as the bark of various trees and shrubs.
Lichens grow on rocks, walls, trees, fences, roofs and on the ground, as well as on leaves.
Lichens grow on soil, trees and memorials.
Lichens grow very, very slowly.
Lichens have a high tolerance for cold, drought and heat.
Lichens have a truly remarkable resistance to drought.
Lichens have a variety of different growth forms.
Lichens have appearances.
Lichens have biodiversity.
Lichens have distribution.
Lichens have four growth forms.
Lichens have many forms.
Lichens have many uses.
Lichens have no roots, obtaining moisture instead from the evening air and the dew.
Lichens have specific requirements for their habitats.
Lichens have the ability to capture fog and dew, thus conserving moisture where water is scarce.
Lichens have the potential to withstand a wide range of environments.
Lichens have very slow growth rates.
Lichens indicate the level or air pollution, particularly sulfur dioxide.
Lichens look like plants but are actually combinations of two organisms.
Lichens love cold weather.
Lichens make the lettering difficult to read.
Lichens make the verses at the bottoms difficult to read.
Lichens occur in a variety of forms.
Lichens produce acids that decompose rocks, contributing to the production of soil.
Lichens produce aromatic acids.
Lichens proliferate only on branches and twigs of plants already in decline for some other reason.
Lichens provide many benefits both in nature and in human culture.
Lichens reproduce by releasing packets of fungal and algal cells.
Lichens require no food source other than light, air, and minerals.
Lichens secrete an acid that dissolves some minerals.
Lichens survive an extremely wide range of temperatures.
Lichens tend to absorb chemicals in the atmosphere.
Lichens tend to grow on the inner trunk and branches of deciduous trees and shrubs.
Lichens vary greatly in form and structure.
Lichens vary in their degree of structural organisation.
Lichens often appear leafy or crusty and are colored gray, green, yellow or white.
Lichens often appear leafy or crusty and are colored gray, green, yellow, or white.
Lichens usually reproduce by the breaking off of a segment that contains both components.
Every lichen is a combination of a fungus and algae or algaelike bacteria.
Many lichens appear gray when dry, but a transformation occurs when wet.
Many lichens are examples of obligate symbiosis.
Many lichens are very sensitive to pollution in the air.
Many lichens can inhabit harsh environments and withstand prolonged periods of drought.
Many lichens produce small powdery granules called soredia on their surface.
Many lichens show a remarkable sensitivity to air purity.
Most lichens are dispersed by vegetative propagation.
Most lichens are extremely vulnerable to air pollution.
Most lichens grow slowly and many grow only in a narrow range of habitat conditions.
Most lichens have appearances.
Most lichens have biodiversity.
Most lichens have distribution.
Some lichen also have the ability to return valuable nitrogen to the soil.
Some lichen are eaten by humans .
Some lichen are eaten by humans.
Some lichen are really thick and really hard to spot.
Some lichens are able to loosen bits of the rocks where they live by growing into the rock.
Some lichens are extremely old.
Some lichens are symbiotic relationships between fungi and green algae .
Some lichens are symbiotic relationships between fungi and green algae.
Some lichens are unique to old-growth forests.
Some lichens can be hundreds of years old.
Some lichens can survive severe cold or desiccation.
Some lichens contain green algae.
Some lichens have little medical values.
Some lichens have values.
Some lichens just break up into fragments when they dry .
Some lichens just break up into fragments when they dry.
Some lichens look like paint stains.
Some lichens make nitrogen in the air usable to plants.
Some lichens provide food for reindeer in the Arctic.
Some lichens survive where fog or dew is their only source of water.
Lick Creek meanders across the bottom of the hill.
Lick is touch
Lick is touch.
Licks are even more familiar to our domestic livestock.
Licks are places where animals come to obtain salt or other minerals.
Licks are short melodic lead phrases.
Licks costa rica prostitsutes Hardcore nude women of the web.
Licks cover such styles as country, blues, rock and Western swing music.
Licks cover such styles as country, rock, blues, and Western swing music.
All licks appear in standard notation and tab.
Every lick is played twice, once regularly and once slowly.
Some licks are just plain amazing.
A licorice root is a root
Licorice root can reinforce the spleen, build up vital energy, moisten the lung and relieve a cough.
Licorice root does come with a warning, however.
Licorice root feeds the adrenal glands to reduce inflammation and increase energy.
Licorice root helps prevent and heal skin problems.
Licorice root is a fine-flavored demulcent and expectorant.
Licorice root is a specific for adrenal gland function.
Licorice root is also a natural source of estrogen.
Licorice root is an effective treatment for the stomach ailments.
Licorice root is an excellent tonic and a rejuvenative.
Licorice root is antibacterial, antiviral and antiinflammatory.
Licorice root is believed to act in the same way to help ease bladder pain.
Licorice root is one herb that actually contains progesterone.
Licorice root is one of the most biologically active herbs in the world.
Licorice root is probably one of the most important herbs for hypoglycemia.
Licorice root is used medicinally.
Licorice root is used to flavor and color a wide variety of foods.
Licorice root is very safe.
Licorice root stimulates the adrenals and helps to balance blood sugar levels.
Licorice root supports the endocrine system.
Licorice root supports the glandular system.
Licorice roots are part of licorices.
Licorice roots are roots.
A licorice is candy
Licorice balances blood sugar levels.
Licorice contains chemicals called phytoestrogens.
Licorice contains glycyrrhetinic acid which has some cough suppressant properties.
Licorice contains tannin, and the compounds glycyrrhetinic-acid and glycyrrhizin.
Licorice contains triterpenoids which also prevent cancer.
Licorice contains triterpenoids.
Licorice extract lightens dark circles.
Licorice notes on top of ripe black cherry and cassis.
Licorice stimulates the body to produce it's own interferon.
Licorice stimulates the liver to cleanse the body of fat.
Licorice tastes more like daisies.
Licorices are candy.
Licorices are herbs.
Licorices are located in grocery stores.
Licorices are sweets.
A lid is a flap
Lid acts as mixing palette.
Lid attaches to handle with keeper cord.
Lid comes off for easy cleaning.
Lid comes off to reveal holes for cigarettes.
Lid completely seals contents while in closed position.
Lid doubles as coaster or caddy for basket.
Lid features cut-out handles for easy carrying.
Lid fits snugly, so it can also double as a dry pet food container.
Lid fits tightly with no warping, very good condition.
Lid helps prevent spills.
Lid hinges up.
Lid is bright, straight, and has the original lifter still attached.
Lid is closed.
Lid is complete.
Lid is on it.
Lid is open.
Lid is removable.
Lid isa tissue.
Lid lifts automatically when unit is pulled out.
Lid lifts off.
Lid opens and closes with one simple action.
Lid opens down center.
Lid opens to reveal slotted top, slotted top opens to allow access to contents.
Lid opens to reveal tasty grilled food.
Lid opens up for storage.
Lid opens up to a velvet lined storage area which is perfect for storing babies keepsakes.
Lid prevents horses from throwing out costly feeds.
Lid removes easily for cleaning container and replacement of liner.
Lid slides sideways to open.
Lid slides up to be removed from hut.
Lid snaps on securely to help keep contents dry and prevent lid from blowing away.
Lid soaks and lid scrubs.
LIDs allow residents to take advantage of installment financing through the city.
Lids also prevent animals from getting in the container.
Lids are a recommended option.
Lids are also available.
Lids are also helpful for keeping out pests.
LIDs are also the preferred method of funding projects with limited beneficiaries.
Lids are an assortment of bright colors.
LIDs are an excellent tool for local lake management.
Lids are available in black, blue, green or red.
Lids are available in black, brown, blue, red, and gray.
Lids are best for large quantities of dense foods.
Lids are black only.
Lids are clear, with temporary locks to keep container secure.
Lids are colour coded within each set to help avoid cross contamination.
Lids are dark, well fit, matching the color of the dog.
Lids are important because they hold steam in the pot.
Lids are located in drawers.
Lids are lockable with sturdy carrying handles.
Lids are part of boxs.
Lids are part of chests.
Lids are part of food processors.
Lids are part of jars.
Lids are plastic.
Lids are regular household trash.
Lids are spasmodically close, sensitive to touch and bleed easily upon opening.
Lids are sticky and there is a tendency to styes.
Lids are tight with little or no haw showing.
Lids are tight.
Lids are tight-fitting and sealed, and bungs are closed.
Lids are tight-fitting.
Lids are tops.
Lids are used for covering.
Lids can remain on glass bottles.
Lids come in a variety of vibrant colors.
Lids cover pans.
Lids cover weigh pans.
Lids do nt completly fit jars.
Lids feel heavy, sleepy and dry.
Lids fold out for easy filling.
Lids go in the trash.
Lids have (part) corpi.
Lids have (part) eyelashs.
Lids have (part) sections.
Lids have flat round finials.
Lids have o-rings for gas tight seal.
LIDs have several advantages.
Lids have stainless steel frames and ends.
Lids have top handles and come one to a pot.
Lids help retain heat and speed cooking times.
Lids hold wooden stick upright during freezing and catch drips while eating.
Lids incorporate a stacking feature and are tight-fitting, which reduces evaporation.
Lids keep food safe from elements and make transporting servers easy.
Lids make girls look dignified.
Lids now favour a central depression on their top surface.
Lids promote the build up of mites and high levels of humidity.
Lids protect eyes.
Lids remain resealable.
Lids stick together at night.
Lids vary according to availability.
All lids are Black.
All lids throw in regular garbage.
Most lids cover pans.
Most lids cover weigh pans.
Most lids protect eyes.
Some lids are impossible to find.
Some lids are part of eyes.
Some lids are part of faces.
Some lids have holes.
Some lids protect gastropods.
A lidar is an instrument
Lidar can detect real cloud top for some optical thin clouds.
Lidar platforms with heavy, costly and gimbaled traditional laser platforms are proven.
Lidar relies on the light scattering properties of the atmoshere.
Lidar works by sending pulses of laser energy to the Earth's surface.
Lidar works like radar but uses pulsed laser light rather than radio waves.
Lidars can measure atmospheric density, temperature, winds, as well as dust and pollutants.
Lidars operate in the ultraviolet , visible and infrared region of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Lidars send a short pulse of light energy from a laser at a target.
Lidded baskets are attractive, transportable and hide a multitude of sins.
All LiDIA classes use the kernel through that interface.
Lidocaine treatment is the old standard.
Lie algebra is an incredibly exciting and interesting place to be.
Lie algebras are also very beautiful.
Lie algebras arise from another object called a Lie group.
A lie detector is a polygraph
Lie detectors are electrical or mechanical devices.
Lie detectors are especially unreliable for truthful people.
Lie group is scale the size of everything up or down, uniformly.
Lie groups are manifolds, Lie algebras are vector spaces.
Lie groups are used to study space, structure, and change.
Lie groups can only be locally isomorphic if their Lie algebras are isomorphic.
Any Lie group corresponds to a rational group law.
Lie theory plays a fundamental role in many areas of mathematics.
A lie is untruth
Lie also refers to the angle of the sole of the clubhead to the shaft.
Lie apply Effort against intention except little slam magazine after flew with little electricity.
Lie believe Control with most shelf inside no bar.
Lie can be a very charming, likeable loveable child.
Lie differ without most handkerchief however contact asics womens shorts.
Lie distributes radiation badges and leads the unlikely looking crew past the museum guards.
Lie follows by post.
Lie indicates a state of reclining along a horizontal plane.
Lie indicates a state of reclining.
LiE is a software package for LiE group computations.
Lie is an intransitive verb, and lay is a transitive verb.
Lie is intransitive, which means it never takes a direct object.
Lie means to be in a reclining position.
Lie produces among the reason whether tear reebok baseballs.
Lie reflects where the sole of the clubhead is grounding out.
Lie says ethnic groups in Japan are partly to blame.
Lie suggest Blanket down a youth past lots joy.
Lies  blushs.
Lies  injuries.
Lies Ahead Come talk with people who analyze new technologies every day.
Lies also mask killing on a monstrous scale that demands more lies.
Lies also tend to be found out.
Lies are a big part of affairs.
Lies are a good example, the exasperating fact that violence drives truth out of the window.
Lies are a lot of work.
Lies are a Russian balance in life, like an acrobats pole.
Lies are also a means for taking control away from someone else and co-opting it for oneself.
Lies are always lies.
Lies are bad for relationships.
Lies are bad information.
Lies are boldly uttered, and the truth has been hidden.
Lies are by nature deceptive.
Lies are deception.
Lies are easy to spread.
Lies are essential to humanity.
Lies are everywhere, some hidden and some seen.
Lies are extremely difficult things to deal with.
Lies are facts.
Lies are false statements.
Lies are falsehood.
Lies are frequently the vehicles that advance the pursuit of pleasure that our inner child craves.
Lies are frequently the vehicles that advance the pursuit of pleasure that our latent child craves.
Lies are hard to remember.
Lies are hellish tactics of the devil.
Lies are horrible.
Lies are inherently funny.
Lies are lies, no matter the language.
Lies are like clouds that come and go at random to cover the sun.
Lies are like quicksand, sucking into oblivion even our best endeavors.
Lies are located in political debates.
Lies are louder now echoing lost artistry so near a chapter's closing page.
Lies are morally wrong.
Lies are more difficult to maintain when people have universal access to a variety of viewpoints.
Lies are motivated by the goal of cheats.
Lies are motivated by the goal of don'ts.
Lies are motivated by the goal of gets.
Lies are much more flattering and readily digested.
Lies are never entirely false, truth is never wholly true.
Lies are nothing more than energy flowing in a circle, spiraling back to where they came from.
Lies are only despicable when they betray a trust.
Lies are positions.
Lies are probably the most important thing in our society.
Lies are protective devices.
Lies are standard.
Lies are the grease that keeps the wheels of commerce turning.
Lies are the oil that make the wheels of conversation run smoothly.
Lies are the prerequisite for idolatry.
Lies are the servants of truth.
Lies are their language.
Lies are told, revenge is taken, evil unleashed and justice is, after a fashion, served.
Lies are usually easy to spot.
Lies bring arguments.
Lies bring disorder.
Lies burrow deep into personal relationships.
Lies can be a legacy, too.
Lies can have both immediate and long-term consequences.
Lies can hurt.
Lies can make brother kill brother.
Lies can range from tiny to life-changing.
Lies can sound so true when people are starving for truth.
Lies can start wars.
Lies cause more problems than the truth.
Lies come a dime a dozen.
Lies come from the mouths of the powerful.
Lies come in many forms.
Lies destroy dignity.
Lies destroy, money corrupts, and that's pretty much all there is to it.
Lies die down, but the truth lives forever.
Lies digitize as easily as the truth.
Lies divert our search for truth and disintegrate our integrity.
Lies end with blushs.
Lies end with cries.
Lies end with worry.
Lies erode credibility and undermine public confidence.
Lies eventually cause a breakdown to our electrical system.
Lies go a long way when the people corresponded to cooperate with their conspiracy.
Lies grow as the leaves fall.
Lies have consequences, and liars are dangerous.
Lies have consequences.
Lies have short legs.
Lies have to be taught.
Lies hide the truth, and hide the unpleasant consequences of the truth for a while.
Lies hold civilization together.
Lies influence history and persuade people.
Lies is both fundamental and fresh.
Lies is slightly meaningful, but only slightly.
Lies just shoot out of men's mouths with the ferocity of a machine gun.
Lies lies lies.
Lies make a web, truth makes a net, and silence digs a hole.
Lies make one lose touch with reality.
Lies maligning enemies and goading men to anger are requirements for the maintenance of war culture.
Lies Never believe any politician in an election year.
Lies now play more major a part, As the only thing here to come from the heart.
Lies pay our bills truth sets no one free.
Lies permeate our lives and our existence.
Lies perpetuate stereotypes that are then used to deny gay people our rights.
Lies perpetuate stereotypes that are then used to deny rights.
Lies prove bible true.
Lies seem to come in all sizes and all shades.
Lies sell, but advertising costs are higher.
Lies serve nefarious purposes.
Lies start with smiles.
Lies start with thinks.
Lies surround their lives.
Lies walk on short legs.
Lies weave other lies.
Lies written in ink can never disguise facts written in blood.
All lies are good.
All lies are sin, no matter what they pertain to.
All lies cause harm, even if that harm is displaced slightly by good intentions.
Most lies are on an angle.
Most lies are wrong because they recklessly endanger human relationships.
Most lies come out of fear.
Some lies are justified.
Some lies are minor and others are a little more serious.
Some lies are necessary.
Some lies are OK, some are questionable and some are outright wrong.
Some lies are told for personal gain or pleasure.
Some lies are understandable, some are worse than others, but all lies are wrong.
Some Lies Are Worse Than Others .
Some lies can ruin people's lives.
Liechtenstein isa thing.
Lieds are songs.
A lien is lymphoid tissue
Liens are a good idea.
Liens are also divided into legal and equitable.
Liens are also excellent leads for accountants, investors and real estate sales.
Liens are always against property, usually real property.
Liens are available in Texas to certain providers of goods and services.
Liens are either general or special in nature.
Liens are items such as property taxes, mortgage loans, and judgments.
Liens are like mortgages and can be foreclosed upon.
Liens are rights in property to secure the payment of a debt.
Liens are special encumbrances which make the property security for the debt.
Liens are the responsibility of the seller.
Liens have to be paid.
Liens make property harder to sell.
Liens mean the owner still owes money on the car.
Liens originate from a variety of sources, including the common law, statute and equity.
Liens pour les grandes p riodes.
Liens raise a related concern.
Liens relatifs aux femmes autochtones.
Liens represented are federal, state, and sometimes county tax liens.
Liens run with the land.
Liens stay with the property and transfer to the person who takes it over.
Liens sur le Web.
Liens utiles pour le voyageur.
All liens are encumbrances against property.
Some liens require no special steps for perfection.
Lies men tell.
Lies people tell .
Lies People Tell encourages everyone to travel naked and with hot babes as often as possible.
Lies People Tell is a parody of real life.
Lies People Tell The truth about lies and what lies behind our eyes.
Lies People Tell to view the orgasms of young women.
Lies People Tell welcome to the truth about lies.
Lies People Tell.
A lieutenant governor is an official
Lieutenant governors go to funerals.
Lieutenant governors play a similar role for provincial governments.
Many lieutenant governors serve as members of their governors' cabinet or advisory bodies.
Most lieutenant governors have an outside source of income.
Some lieutenant governors are key advisers.
A lieutenant is a commissioned officer
Lieutenants are also responsible for their respective fire stations.
Lieutenants are military officers.
Lieutenants assist the captains in the decision making process.
Lieutenants live in the wardroom on the upper deck on ships of the line.
Lieutenants make leadership and managment decisions daily.
Lieutenants tend to be morale specialists.
Lieutenants tend to occupy elected and appointed official positions.
Life annuities provide an income for life and require no ongoing decisions.
Life assurance is an important form of private savings .
Life assurance is insurance
Life assurance quotes, car and mortgage quotes.
Life blood flows again.
Life chances are also a function of teenagers' social environment.
Life chances have to be understood as a function of two elements, options and ligatures.
Life change comes from the inside out.
Life change happens best in small groups.
Life change happens best within the context of a small community.
Life change happens in small groups.
Life change happens most effectively in small groups.
Life change is stressful.
Life change occurs best in a small group.
Life changes affect and disrupt energy flow, the frequency and resonance of places and people.
Life changes can cause financial adjustment.
Life changes caused by aging can present their own unique circumstances.
Life changes force people to sell.
Life changes happen best in small groups.
Some life changes are unique to women, such as the menstrual cycle, menopause and pregnancy.
Life choices are always the individual's to make.
Life coaching is available from our coaching team.
Life coaching is holistic.
Life coaching provides just that.
Life coaching takes a more holistic approach.
Life cycle approaches contribute to development.
Life cycle approaches contribute to economic development.
Life cycle asset management requires approaches.
Life cycle products require transportation.
A life cycle is a natural phenomenon
Life Cycle -Adult flukes feed on the lining of the bile ducts.
Life cycle analyses where they include environmental aspects.
Life Cycle combines movement and music in a cogent and creative manner.
Life cycle consists of alternating haploid gametophyte and diploid sporophyte generation.
Life cycle consists of two aerial feeding stages and two subterranean non-feeding stages.
Life cycle involves both sexual and asexual phases.
Life Cycle is a series about the stories of our stuff.
Life Cycle is a series of posts that looks at the environmental impacts of everyday things.
Life Cycle is a series of posts that looks at the life and death of everyday things.
Life Cycle is a set of songs about love, loss and sleep deprivation.
Life cycle is defined as cycle of events which occur from one generation to the other.
Life cycle is defined as the sequence of events from egg to reproducing adult.
Life cycle is intermediate.
Life cycle is quite similar to engraver beetles.
Life cycle is the organization's maturity relative to that of other organizations.
Life cycle is typically one year.
Life cycle makes it useful as an expression tool.
Life cycle objects that follow the same life cycle of a parent object.
Life cycle ranges from simple to complex.
Life cycle refers to all reproductive events between one generation and next.
Life Cycle reports trace all events relating to a specific call from entry to termination of a call.
Life Cycle represents some of the most dynamic and innovative companies in the world.
Life cycles are an important part of learning about biology.
Life cycles are defined as either simple or complex.
Life cycles are direct, with adult worms inhabiting the cecum and colon.
Life cycles are diverse, but conform to basic patterns within each class of organism.
Life cycles are fascinating and important for children to learn about.
Life cycles are growth.
Life cycles are often complex with secondary hosts.
Life cycles are the useful financial life of an item.
Life cycles are univoltine to multivoltine, de pending on species, climate, and habitat.
Life cycles can be very complex involving bi-parental and parthenogenetic generations.
Life cycles differ depending upon the species of nematode.
Life cycles exhibit zygotic meiosis .
Life cycles involve both sexual and asexual phases.
Life cycles living, breathing, growing, dying, continues.
Life cycles overlap.
Life cycles provide an understanding of the dynamics of the parasite.
Life cycles range from a few weeks to a few years.
Life cycles reveal that all barnacles are crustaceans - and some parasites are barnacles.
Life cycles take more than a year to complete.
Life cycles vary among the different species.
Life cycles vary by species.
Life cycles vary for different types of records.
Some life cycle analyses show nuclear power.
Some life cycle analyses show power.
Some life cycle approaches help manufacturers.
Some life cycles are two to three years, depending on the species of carpet beetle.
Some life cycles take place in just a few days, others take place over hundreds of years.
Life drawing is a learning experience.
Life drawing is included.
Life drawing is very different from looking at a photograph and drawing.
Life energy extends beyond the boundaries of our skin, as the latest research shows.
Life energy has other names such as prana, chi, orgone, or animal magnetism.
Life energy is generated living things.
Life energy is what an orange uses to grow back into a tree.
Life energy tends toward an excess of activity or towards dullness.
Life enrichment happens through recreation.
A life estate is an estate
Life estates are different from gifts.
Life Estates pp.
Life everlasting is victorious.
Life expectancies are for poontangs.
Life expectancies continue to increase as medical advances are made.
Life expectancies continue to increase.
Life expectancy can be normal.
Life expectancy can fall due to problems like famine, war, disease and poor health.
Life expectancy can vary by sex, income, and education.
Life expectancy can vary considerably in different areas of the world.
Life expectancy continues to grow while population ageing is becoming more widespread.
Life expectancy continues to improve as new treatments are developed.
Life expectancy continues to improve in all age groups, but still lags behind England and Wales.
Life expectancy continues to increase.
Life expectancy declines in Russia.
Life expectancy decreases with increasing age independent of the diagnosis of colorectal cancer.
Life expectancy depends on the degree of progression and late respiratory deficit.
Life expectancy depends on the time of year and the caste of bee.
Life expectancy depends upon the extent of the cirrhosis.
Life expectancy differs from maximum life span .
Life expectancy drops, illiteracy rises and life becomes increasing hard.
Life expectancy exceeds one year.
Life expectancy falls with more than one drink a day for women and more than two a day for men.
Life expectancy following a diagnosis is only about three to five years.
Life expectancy following a surgery is limited.
Life expectancy gets greater and people keep active longer.
Life expectancy gets greater, but everyone expects to retire early.
Life expectancy has so much to do with the type of OP and the severity of symptoms each person has.
Life expectancy is a concept many people use but few understand.
Life expectancy is a hypothetical measure.
Life expectancy is a measure of the risk of death occurring.
Life expectancy is a summary measure of the health status of a population.
Life expectancy is a trait that's too difficult to check.
Life expectancy is a very broad and approximate indicator of a population's health.
Life expectancy is about forty-five years because life is so hard.
Life expectancy is about one hundred and fifty years indoors.
Life expectancy is about three years, although people can live much longer.
Life expectancy is also up.
Life expectancy is always difficult to determine.
Life expectancy is among Europe's lowest.
Life expectancy is among the highest in the world.
Life expectancy is an important factor in screening decisions.
Life expectancy is another interesting issue.
Life expectancy is anticipation
Life expectancy is anticipation.
Life expectancy is apparently completely normal.
Life expectancy is approximately fifteen to twenty years.
Life expectancy is around ten years.
Life expectancy is based on existing statistics for the average population.
Life expectancy is by definition an arithmetic mean .
Life expectancy is calculated separately for each sex.
Life expectancy is computed from age-specific death rates for a given year.
Life expectancy is considered a rough measure of a nation's health and economic environment.
Life expectancy is determined by actuarial tables and standardized mortality risk underwriting.
Life expectancy is due to change.
Life expectancy is exceptionally low, especially among men.
Life expectancy is greater in industrialized countries.
Life expectancy is higher.
Life expectancy is increased.
Life expectancy is just that, an expectation, or an estimate of future deaths.
Life expectancy is like half an hour on the street for an undercover agent.
Life expectancy is limited, with fewer than three percent of patients surviving beyond five years.
Life expectancy is limited, with fewer than three percent surviving beyond five years.
Life expectancy is limited.
Life expectancy is little, if at all, altered.
Life expectancy is longer than ever before.
Life expectancy is longer than it has ever been.
Life expectancy is longer than that of the LED itself.
Life expectancy is longer.
Life expectancy is low and infant mortality high.
Life expectancy is low, as is adult literacy.
Life expectancy is low, malnutrition is high and safe water and sanitation is insufficient.
Life expectancy is low.
Life expectancy is lower than usual.
Life expectancy is near normal.
Life expectancy is no longer a viable term in relation to intelligence beings.
Life expectancy is normal and there is no effective treatment.
Life expectancy is normal in most patients.
Life expectancy is normal or near normal.
Life expectancy is normal.
Life expectancy is on the rise, but so is obesity.
Life expectancy is on the rise.
Life expectancy is only half of the problem.
Life expectancy is reduced but some individuals live into adolescence or young adulthood.
Life expectancy is reduced for persons with intractable seizures.
Life expectancy is reduced.
Life expectancy is short and infant mortality is high.
Life expectancy is short and replacement parts are very expensive.
Life expectancy is shortened by the number of years as a smoker and the amount smoked.
Life expectancy is shortened with a majority of individuals living only into their forties.
Life expectancy is significantly lower among Aboriginal people than the overall Canadian population.
Life expectancy is simply the age at which unhealthy, sedentary people tend to die.
Life expectancy is still short, and infant mortality high.
Life expectancy is ten times lower than in other cities in Romania.
Life expectancy is the average number of years of life remaining at a given age.
Life expectancy is the average remaining years of life for an individual.
Life expectancy is the other problem at hand.
Life expectancy is threatened.
Life expectancy is to the second decade.
Life expectancy is twenty years.
Life expectancy is two to five years.
Life expectancy is typically two to five years after diagnosis.
Life expectancy is unknown.
Life expectancy is up, on the whole.
Life expectancy is up.
Life expectancy is usually into the teens.
Life expectancy is usually one year or less.
Life expectancy is usually three years.
Life expectancy is very limited.
Life expectancy is years.
Life expectancy is, in many cases, normal.
Life expectancy is, therefore, much shorter than a bird's potential longevity.
Life expectancy keeps increasing.
Life expectancy remains low and infant mortality high.
Life expectancy seems to be directly tied to income.
Life expectancy tells how long people live, on average.
Life expectancy trends iv.
Life expectancy varies by race, but the difference decreases with age.
Life expectancy varies by race, however.
Life expectancy varies by race.
Life expectancy varies greatly.
Life expectancy varies significantly between the two.
Life expectancy varies with marital status, gender, income and geographical location.
Life expectancy varies.
Life extension is only for the old.
Life extension is the haunt of many charlatans and profiteers.
Life extension is the heart and soul of the issues involved.
Life extension profiles.
Life fitness is the world's leading brand of fitness equipment in health clubs worldwide.
A life force is a force
Life force flows within the physical body though pathways called chakras, meridians and nadis.
Life force is the motor of any action at a distance.
Life force is the motor of any magick, or magickal work at a distance.
Life force is the non-physical energy that animates all living things.
Life force operates the opposite way.
Life force operates through the blood.
Life force wins in the end.
Life forces are forces.
Life forces change.
All life forces are different and complex.
A life form is a body
Life Form looks simple at first glance.
Life forms adapt to their diverse habitats in amazing ways.
Life forms adapted to cave conditions are unique and fragile.
Life forms are able to reproduce and their evolution often leads to surprising consequences.
Life forms are bodies.
Life forms are complex at every level.
Life forms are like that too.
Life forms are mobile or immobile, warm blooded or cold-blooded.
Life forms desire food.
Life forms evolve over geologic time.
Life forms have to perpetuate their kind.
Life forms have very diverse communication systems.
Life forms learn.
Life forms play, especially the young of species.
Life forms reproduce and therefore have a tendency to become more numerous.
Life forms show the ability to grow and evolve.
Life forms simulated are simple and small with short life spans and simple world views.
Life forms vary across cultures.
All life forms are composed of basic chemical elements.
All life forms are expressions of creation.
All life forms are interdependent on each other.
All life forms be they human, spirit, vegetable or mineral are comprised of a mathematical equation.
All life forms grow and evolve.
All life forms have a requirement for copper.
All life forms have intrinsic value, which is independent of their usefulness to human beings.
All life forms have their means for meandering.
All life forms require certain core chemical elements needed for biochemical functioning.
All life forms require water for growth.
All life forms respond positively to Love at their own level of consciousness.
All life forms use energy.
All life forms work through an electrical energy system.
Every life form entertains itself somehow.
Every life form is an expression of the DNA molecule.
Every life form is equal to all others.
Every life form seems to be dangerous.
Every life form survives because of many other life forms.
Many life forms consist of a single cell.
Many life forms have the ability to perform limited amounts of nuclear processes.
Most life forms can take a lot of abuse before they die.
Most life forms depend on catabolic pathways leading to the breakdown of glucose for energy release.
Most life forms have an innate immune system.
Some life forms are almost human-like aside from a few features.
Life functions are the processes that animals rely on to stay alive.
All life functions are confined within the boundaries of a single cell.
Life goals change with age, so flexibility and communications with one s partner is also important.
LIFE groups are more than a weekly meeting.
Some life groups focus on singles or young marrieds with children.
Life guards are always on duty when campers are swimming.
Life guards are always on duty when the pool is open.
Life guards are always on duty.
Life guards are available by special request only.
Life guards are cavalry.
Life guards are located in swimming pools.
Life guards are military units.
Life guards are on duty all day.
Life guards are on duty at all times during regular business hours.
Life guards are on duty during opening hours.
Life guards are on duty during the summer months.
Life guards are on duty throughout the day in huts ranged along the shore.
Life guards are on duty whenever the pool is open.
Life guards are on duty while the playground is open.
Life guards are on duty.
Life guards are present during swimming and aquatic activities at camp and on trips.
Life guards carry man from the surf at a run.
Life guards help out by holding the boats in the shallows and keeping the line moving.
Life guards watch the beach and lake.
Life history characteristics affect fitnesses.
Life history theories suggest strategies.
Life histories define a creature and make it what it is from birth until death.
Life histories vary among the zooplankton.
Life histories vary tremendously from one species to the next.
Life History -Black vine weevils overwinter as mature larvae or as pupae.
Life History Breeds during rainy season.
Life history correlates and extinction risk of capital breeding fishes.
Life history correlates and extinction risk of capital-breeding fishes.
Life history correlates of a color polymorphism in the ornate chorus frog.
Life history correlates of evolution under high and low adult mortality.
Life history correlates of responses to fisheries exploitation.
Life History Find out more about salmon biology.
Life History Give birth to a single young, carried by mother.
Life history is a compelling way to illustrate how history affected individual lives.
Life history is an adaptive complex of traits that relates strongly to the ecology of the organisms.
Life history is history
Life history is the study of animal survival, growth, and reproduction.
Life history notes on some Panamanian snakes.
Life history notes on the California gull.
Life history notes on the northern pine mouse.
Life history notes on the Northern Pine Mouse.
Life history notes on the oregon vole.
Life history notes on the porcupine in a hardwood-hemlock forest in Upper Michigan.
Life history patterns in birds and mammals and their evolutionary interpretation.
Life history patterns in zooplankton.
Life history predicts advancement of avian spring migration in response to climate change.
Life history responses to environmental heterogeneity in early life.
Life History Spreading pogonia is a perennial herb.
Life imprisonment can be a firm, effective and just alternative.
Life imprisonment involves an order for custody for life.
Life imprisonment is a faster trial and much easier and cheaper to attain.
Life imprisonment is a poor substitute for the death penalty.
Life imprisonment is actually a much less costly alternative and eliminates the chance of a mistake.
Life imprisonment is captivity
Life imprisonment is captivity.
Life imprisonment is no more of a financial burden to society than capital trials.
Life imprisonment means death in prison.
Life insurance acts as a financial safety net.
Life insurance begins after six months of employment.
Life insurance bestows a kind of immorality.
Life insurance can adapt to most lifestyles and financial conditions.
Life insurance can also keep personal business ventures afloat and our estates protected.
Life insurance can also offer a convenient way to fund meaningful charitable gifts as well.
Life insurance can be a complicated business.
Life insurance can be a direct charitable tax deduction.
Life insurance can be a joint experience for spouses.
Life insurance can be an advantageous way to give partners and family members peace of mind.
Life insurance can be an ideal way to create a major gift at a relatively low cost to the supporter.
Life insurance can be an important estate planning tool.
Life insurance can be an inexpensive way to pay estate taxes and other expenses.
Life insurance can be the perfect tool to protect a young family in the event of a death.
Life insurance can be valuable in a number of situations, but it is a complex financial product.
Life insurance can cover immediate expenses.
Life insurance can create an instant estate.
Life insurance can eliminate the worry, worry that is very individual.
Life insurance can help in a number of ways.
Life insurance can help keep their dreams alive when they die.
Life insurance can help lessen the strain on family finances.
Life insurance can help provide that protection.
Life insurance can help to provide the answer.
Life insurance can help.
Life insurance can play an important role in the overall planning for college funding.
Life insurance can provide an everlasting endowment for a favorite project.
Life insurance can provide financial safeguards in addition to death benefits.
Life insurance can provide financing to buy out a partner's interests exactly when needed.
Life insurance can provide policyholders with the opportunity for long-term cash accumulation.
Life insurance can provide protection and income to ensure a rewarding retirement.
Life insurance can provide the cash to pay that liability.
Life insurance can provide the funds to accomplish that.
Life insurance carries both term life and whole life insurances.
Life insurance claims, personal injury or wrongful death claims.
Life insurance comes in a bewildering array of variations.
Life insurance comes in a lot of combinations and permutations.
Life insurance covering the balance of the budgeted amount is provided at no additional cost.
Life insurance covers employee, spouse, and dependents.
Life insurance covers the employee only.
Life insurance creates an instant tax free estate.
Life insurance falls into two general varieties, term and cash-value, also called whole life.
Life insurance falls into two major categories - term insurance and permanent insurance.
Life Insurance Find an Arizona life insurance agent online.
Life Insurance Find New York-area life insurance agents.
Life Insurance Get free quotes for the lowest cost life insurance available.
Life Insurance Get the best term life insurance rates.
Life insurance gets tricky and complicated and is really an individual matter.
Life insurance gets two pages of cursory advice.
Life insurance has a very favored status in the income tax code.
Life insurance has different types of policies.
Life insurance helps protect employees and their families from financial hardship in case of death.
Life insurance Identify and manage personal life risks using a variety of options.
Life insurance insures more than a life.
Life insurance insures that potential loss.
Life insurance interacts well with other gift mechanisms.
Life insurance is a common way to fund special needs trusts.
Life insurance is a complex and often misunderstood financial vehicle.
Life insurance is a complex product that can be hard to evaluate and compare.
Life insurance is a contract between an insurance company and the person holding the policy.
Life insurance is a contract that insures the life of an individual.
Life insurance is a contract that pays money upon the death of the person insured.
Life insurance is a different matter.
Life insurance is a gamble.
Life insurance is a guaranteed gift.
Life insurance is a key part of any complete business insurance program.
Life insurance is a legacy.
Life insurance is a long-term commitment.
Life insurance is a major part of any family's financial protection.
Life insurance is a product purchased by someone who cares for someone else.
Life insurance is a product that requires a trained professional to present it.
Life insurance is a product used to replace the loss of income that occurs when someone dies.
Life insurance is a risk management tool that has it's time and place.
Life insurance is a risk management tool.
Life insurance is a third option.
Life insurance is a trap in estate planning.
Life insurance is a unique asset which is used to solve many of life s perplexing problems.
Life insurance is a unique asset which is used to solve many of life's perplexing problems.
Life insurance is a unique way to give to charity.
Life insurance is a way to make a significant gift.
Life insurance is also a possiblity to explore.
Life insurance is also available to every graduate.
Life insurance is also available.
Life insurance is an essential financial product that plays a pivotal role in any financial plan.
Life insurance is an essential part of any financial plan.
Life insurance is an essential part of financial planning.
Life insurance is an essential part of the financial planning process.
Life insurance is an ideal financial vehicle since it matures at death.
Life insurance is an important part of that plan.
Life insurance is an increasingly popular gift.
Life insurance is an integral part of both personal and business financial planning.
Life insurance is another deferred giving arrangement.
Life insurance is another example.
Life insurance is another often overlooked asset.
Life insurance is available after a one-year waiting period at no cost to the employee.
Life insurance is available at group rates.
Life insurance is available for children.
Life insurance is available in a variety of term and whole life insurance policies.
Life insurance is available today in several different forms.
Life insurance is available.
Life insurance is based on several different factors.
Life insurance is based upon salary.
Life insurance is big business too.
Life insurance is both easy to give and to receive.
Life insurance is complicated.
Life insurance is critically important for people who have dependents.
Life insurance is designed to protect the family in the event of the death of a breadwinner.
Life insurance is designed to replace lost income.
Life insurance is easy to administer and the proceeds are usually received income tax free.
Life insurance is effective on the date of employment that an employee becomes eligible.
Life insurance is equal to one year's salary.
Life insurance is equal to the annual salary.
Life insurance is equivalent to employee's annual salary.
Life insurance is exempt from death taxes.
Life insurance is extremely important for small business owners.
Life insurance is finance.
Life insurance is for the living.
Life insurance is futures-oriented anyway.
Life insurance is important for . . .
Life insurance is important in estate planning.
Life insurance is increased.
Life insurance is insurance on human lives.
Life insurance is insurance
Life insurance is insurance.
Life insurance is intended to preserve and protect it.
Life insurance is like a parachute.
Life insurance is more often a matter of investment philosophy.
Life insurance is no different.
Life insurance is no place to skimp, especially with rates at historic lows.
Life insurance is offered plus tax shelter and disability products.
Life insurance is offered to employees in case of death while working for the company.
Life insurance is often an ideal method of funding a buy-sell agreement.
Life insurance is often an important part of an estate plan.
Life insurance is often an inexpensive gift.
Life insurance is often the least costly, most flexible and simplest vehicle for making a gift.
Life insurance is one of the best estate planning tools available.
Life insurance is one of the cornerstones of financial planning.
Life insurance is one of the essential building blocks of a good financial plan.
Life insurance is one of the essential building blocks to gain financial security.
Life insurance is one of the most important businesses of any country.
Life insurance is one of the necessities of life.
Life insurance is one way to effectively fund a business continuation plan.
Life insurance is one way to make a significant gift for a relatively small cost.
Life insurance is our only business.
Life insurance is paid upon the loss of the life of the insured.
Life insurance is perhaps the most misunderstood product financial product in existence today.
Life insurance is probably the most reasonable, fair and accessible option.
Life insurance is protection for the living.
Life insurance is provided at no cost to the employee.
Life insurance is provided at no cost to the resident.
Life insurance is provided by the firm at no cost to the employee.
Life insurance is provided for a very small cost.
Life insurance is provided in the approximate amount of annual salary.
Life insurance is relatively simple.
LIFE insurance is something else.
Life insurance is subject to a special rule for property transfers.
Life insurance is the answer.
Life insurance is the most assignable of any type of insurance.
Life insurance is the most common form of funding a buyout of a deceased owner.
Life insurance is the most common method of funding buy-sell agreements.
Life insurance is the perfect solution.
Life insurance is the segment where foreign companies are especially active.
Life insurance is the tool to provide income to beneficiaries of an insured who dies.
Life insurance is the type of insurance most directly connected to estate planning.
Life insurance is unique in that it can be an effective tool for both protection and accumulation.
Life insurance is unique property in some aspects.
Life insurance is unique.
Life insurance is unnecessary for children because no one is dependent on their income.
Life insurance is used sometimes to replace the value of gifts given through charitable trusts.
Life insurance is yet another aspect of many financial plans.
Life insurance is yet another cost.
Life insurance needs change over the life span, generally decreasing with age.
Life insurance needs estimator.
Life Insurance Needs for life insurance can vary widely.
Life insurance offers a practical and affordable way to provide cash to help cover estate taxes.
Life insurance offers death benefit protection for the family.
Life insurance offers that protection.
Life insurance offers three different giving opportunities.
Life insurance offers two times the annual salary in death benefit payments.
Life insurance ought to be part of everyone's future plans.
Life insurance pays a benefit when the insured dies.
Life insurance pays if a party dies during the time period covered by the insurance agreement.
Life insurance pays substantial tax-free dollars upon the death of the insured.
Life insurance plans at lowest rates.
Life insurance plans for all family members. .
Life insurance plays a fundamental role in most of our plans for financial security.
Life insurance proceeds .
Life insurance proceeds and inheritances.
Life insurance proceeds date back to the Roman Empire.
Life insurance proceeds paid in a lump sum are tax-exempt.
Life insurance proceeds provide instant liquidity to policy beneficiaries.
Life insurance proceeds.
Life insurance protects against dying to soon or living too long.
Life insurance protects against dying too soon or living too long.
Life insurance protects one's beneficiaries against one dying too young.
Life insurance provides an alternative that can create an asset.
Life insurance provides financial benefits to a designated person upon the death of the insured.
Life insurance provides financial protection for dependents in the event of death.
Life insurance provides funds to a designated beneficiary in the event of the policyholder's death.
Life insurance provides payment to a beneficiary or beneficiaries upon the death of an insured.
Life insurance provides protection against economic loss resulting from death.
Life insurance provides the ready cash to finance the transaction.
Life insurance quotes insurance-life Offers quick insurance quote from A.M. best rated companies.
Life insurance related to savings and loans is provided to members at no cost.
Life insurance s income tax advantage exists without reference to the existence of an estate tax.
Life insurance serves as the cornerstone of any sound financial program.
Life insurance serves many purposes in small to medium-sized estates.
Life insurance terminates once employment ceases with the Consortium.
Life insurance trusts .
Life insurance trusts.
Life insurance works in a similar way.
Most life insurance is sold through the quality of company ratings.
Most life insurance is structured with the maximum death benefit for the lowest premium.
Most life insurances offer conversion coverage.
Some life insurance has a cash value.
Some life insurance is sold as a tax avoidance device.
Life insurers have a long history of dealing with highly sensitive personal information.
Life insurers use data on clients genetic backgrounds to drop coverage and reject applicants.
Most life insurers are responsible for paying out much more than a return on investment.
Life interests can run simultaneously or consecutively.
A life jacket is a flotation device
Life jackets are accessible aboard all vessels.
Life jackets are available for free use.
Life jackets are available free of charge.
Life jackets are available in different sizes and are located at both walk ramps.
Life jackets are available on loan.
Life jackets are bulky.
Life jackets are essential pieces of equipment for the boater, even required by law.
Life jackets are essential.
Life jackets are life preservers.
Life jackets are life savers, and the models available today are lightweight and easy to wear.
Life jackets are mandatory .
Life jackets are mandatory for all activities.
Life jackets are mandatory.
Life jackets are more comfortable today and they are proven life savers.
Life jackets are now models of ingenuity in comparison to the original ones.
Life jackets are provided, our support boat is near at all times.
Life jackets are standard equipment in all boats.
Life jackets are the determining factor between life and death in many boating accidents.
Life jackets are to be worn where required.
Life jackets are vests.
Life jackets can be the determining factor between life and death in many boating safety accidents.
Life jackets can reduce the risk of drowning and save lives.
Life jackets come in all price ranges, and some can be purchased for only a few dollars.
Life jackets ensure safety near water.
Life jackets hang to dry on the boathouse porch at the end of the day.
Life jackets save lives when they are worn.
Life jackets save lives.
Life jackets use buoyancy too.
Life lessons are always difficult to learn.
Life lessons intermingle with entomology.
Life lessons overpower the importance of soccer, or any sport.
A life line is a line
Life Line Provide each person with a large sheet of paper and a marker or pen.
Life lines Offer advice or share a real-life dilemma for possible publication in the magazine.
Life magazine becomes a more popular collectible with each passing year.
Life magazine begins publication .
Life magazine begins publication.
Life magazine begins.
Life magazine Includes current issues, special issues, archives and photo essays.
Life magazine is the same.
Life partner is sort of pretentious.
Life philosophy is an ambiguous battle of inner conflict.
Life plans are the substantial content of the reflexively organised trajectory of the self.
Life plans can include dependent life as well as multiples of salary for employee coverage.
Life planning goes beyond planning for a parent's death or disability.
A life preserver is a float
A life preserver is rescue equipment
Life preserver has some rope hanging under it.
Life preservers are available upon request.
Life preservers are floats.
Life preservers are located in lifeboats.
Life preservers are located in swimming pools.
Life Preservers Serve donuts .
Life processes are amazingly complex, interactive and dynamic.
Life processes are chemical processes.
Life processes are chemical, and chemical reactions take place more rapidly as temperature rises.
Life processes are the basic functions performed by living organisms to survive on earth.
Life processes involve oxidation-reduction reactions.
Life processes operate most efficiently within a narrow temperature range.
All life process occur in one cell when it is a unicellular.
All life processes are a reflection of the genetic complement of the organism under study.
All life processes are manifestations of chemical change.
Many life processes involve moving ions in and out of the cell.
Life quality is generally way under the line of justice.
A life raft is a raft
Life rafts are a veritable infection breeding ground.
Life rent is the only personal servitude there.
Life satisfaction is concerned with everyday life.
Life satisfaction is enhanced by leisure opportunities.
Life satisfaction is one factor in the more general construct of subjective well being.
Life save techniques help life.
A life science is a natural science
Life science are natural science.
Life science discoveries frequently originate in space and impact the medical community.
Life science is the focus of the second year of high school science.
Life science refers to a swirl of diverse biomedical advances that are beginning to jell.
Life science review underway.
Life sciences are a national trend.
Life sciences are less and less an option for the chemical engineer.
Life sciences elucidate and utilize various functions of living things.
Life sciences is a long-term strategy.
Some life sciences concentrate on certain kinds of organisms.
Some life sciences focus on a specific type of life.
A life scientist is a scientist
Life scientists use eclipses to study living creatures.
A life sentence is a sentence
All life sentences are indeterminate.
LiFE sessions are specifically concerned with exploring, learning about, and experiencing faith.
Life skills are a major component of each small school.
Life skills are abilities like listening, speaking, writing, negotiating, and meditating.
Life skills are abilities that help an individual live a productive and satisfying life.
Life skills are an important part of the course's content.
Life skills are apparent only after reading the curriculum.
Life skills are applicable in each lesson and are highly relevant for youth and their parents.
Life skills are appropriate for both the age and subject matter.
Life skills are essential to every youth programme.
Life skills are evident.
Life skills are invaluable.
Life skills are personal an expression of the self.
Life skills are presented formally in classes and individually as needed.
Life skills are the cognitive part of the technology.
Life skills are the focal point of the educational curriculum.
Life skills are the long-range benefits youth gain from participation.
Life skills continue throughout one s lifetime.
Life skills cover a wide range of skills and abilities.
Life skills help deepen a mother's knowledge and awareness of living a healthy, productive life.
Life skills help our children shape their values and build their own personal fulfillment.
Life skills help youth become competent, capable and contributing individuals.
Life skills provide assistance with stress management and juggling family and work.
Life skills relate to occupational, self, social, aesthetic, consumer, and scientific awareness.
Life skills used are record keeping, community involvement, and self-responsibility.
Life skills work is no longer just for people recovering form child abuse, alcohol or drugs.
Life span appears to be one of the major life-history traits of an individual.
Life span can extend twenty or more years.
Life span depends largely on the conditions under which a Jersey cow is kept.
Life span is a fixed biological constant.
Life span is about a year.
Life span is about one year.
Life span is about two years.
Life span is from ten to twelve years in the wild.
Life span is how long the organism actually lives.
Life span is ling due to limited load of work for each cell type.
Life span is long, but unknown.
Life span is often normal.
Life span is often unaffected.
Life span is probably less than two years.
Life span is short due to heavy load of work.
Life span is shortened only slightly compared to the general population.
Life span is somewhat species dependent.
Life span is typically normal.
Life span is unaffected.
Life span is up to twelve years in the wild, but up to twenty years in captivity.
Life span is usually normal.
Life spans are difficult to determine, but some species are known to live more than half a century.
Life spans are how long the life of an animal can live.
Life spans are lengthening, poverty is down, and political freedom is growing.
Life spans are shorter in the wild because of disease and other factors.
Life spans are up to twenty-five years in captivity.
Life spans vary, depending on the time of the year.
Life stages are detailed below.
Life stages can present difficult problems due to health, job loss, family issues.
Life stages last for weeks.
All life stages are capable of causing plant injury.
All life stages are equally important.
All life stages are laboratory adapted and tolerant of handling and shipping.
All life stages are present during the whole year.
All life stages are present through the growing season.
All life stages can exist simultaneously as generations overlap.
All life stages feed on blood.
All life stages have chewing mouthparts.
All life stages occur together on the undersurface of leaves on sycamore, ash and hickory.
All life stages remain in the soil, feeding at or near root tips.
A life story is history
Life stories feed into history, feed into aesthetics.
Every life story is told in many ways.
Life studies is needed here, instead of ethics.
Life studies means synthesized wisdom for living one's own life without regret.
Life studies needs deep philosophical understandings on life.
Life style creates health or sickness.
Life style has to be changed.
Life style is a property
Life style is a tricky question.
Life style is another component of the fatigue issue.
Life style is manners.
Life style is more important than acts.
Life style is the corner stone for success weight loss.
Life style leads to creations.
Life style plays a part, as it includes smoking, exercise and diet.
Life style stop smoking, limit alcohol use.
Life styles can be stressful.
All life styles represented means the largest market online.
Most life style leads to creations.
Life support exceeds four days.
Life support is a fraction of the cost published.
Life support is equipment
Life support is expensive and difficult to work on.
Life support is only sufficient for a couple millenia.
Life support is removed from people who by no stretch of the imagination are vegetative.
Life support is used to replace or support a failing bodily function.
Life table analyses reveal patterns.
Life table construction requires random samples.
Life table construction requires samples.
Life table response experiments combine experiments.
Life tables are a convenient way to summarize age-specific information about a population.
