All main meetings are free and open to the public.
Main melody is presented by a solo flute.
Main memory consists of a sequence of locations .
Main memory consists of a series of numbered locations called bytes , each byte being eight bits .
Main memory consists of a very long list of bytes.
Main memory consists of interleaved beet-addressable magnetic corn.
Main memory contains a numbered sequence of locations.
Main memory determines the size of a problem that can be solved on a given machine.
Main memory has many alternate names.
Main memory is a large array of ints.
Main memory is a volatile storage device.
Main memory is analogous to a large portable tool box.
Main memory is bad meat.
Main memory is divided into regions.
Main memory is expensive compared to external memory so it has limited capacity.
Main memory is fast and limited in capacity.
Main memory is general-purpose ram.
Main memory is initially empty, and is filled, starting at the top, as necessary.
Main memory is temporary, and is lost when the computer is turned off.
Main memory is the most expensive storage medium, but is also the fastest available.
Main memory is the primary bin for holding the instructions and data the processor is using.
Main memory offers very fast access and very high bandwidth for all data that is located there.
Main menu includes fractures, joints, muscles, nerves, trauma, medications, and lab tests.
Main menu includes machinery selection, custom rates and more.
Main menu is blackboard based and changes daily.
Main minerals are diamond, gold, uranium, steel, limestone, copper and manganese.
Main ministry is catechesis in the parish and outlying missions.
Main modification are new turbopumps.
Main motion is voted upon.
Main motions are always debatable.
Main motions involve substantive proposals for consideration and action.
All main motions are debatable.
Main motivators are simplicity and utility in dealing with multiple resolution contexts.
Main movie calls secondary movie.
Most main museums have a gift shop.
Main music is made up of violins and a couple of synth instruments running in the background.
Main nests are usually outdoors in rotting stumps, trees or in decaying landscape timbers.
Main numbers route calls throughout the organization.
Main objective is coordination and refinement of key strokes.
Main objective is load balancing, with some ad-hoc heuristics for memory depletion.
Main objective is to book guests reservations into our hotels when they call our toll-free number.
Main objective is to do deep-sky photography.
Main objective is to efficiently deliver on demand, at competitive prices.
Main objective is to keep morale and service levels at an all time high.
Main objective is to teach basic techniques with the younger child in mind.
Main objective is to understand patterns of beliefs and practices.
Main objectives are data origin authentication, data origin integrity, and data privacy.
Main objectives are the East End and Docks.
Main obstacle is failure of husband.
Main occupation is farming and related industries.
Main offerings are chicken rice and nasi padang.
A main office is an office
Main office is in Bern, Switzerland.
Main office is in Bonn.
Main office is in New York with a branch office in Denver.
Main office is located in Nairobi, Kenya.
Main office is located in Outlook.
Main offices are in Livonia and Birmingham.
Main offices are in London, England, New York and York, England.
Main offices are responsible for including information from their branches.
Main omissions are bridge and culvert details.
Main operation is a merge.
Main operations are out of Newark with new hub in Greece.
Main operator is second man from the right.
Main outcome measure Death from all causes.
Main outcome measures All cause mortality.
Main outcome measures All-cause mortality.
Main outcome measures Birth and placental weights at term.
Main outcome measures Healing rate, pain, headache, and fissure recurrence.
Main outcome measures Participation rates of authors, reviewers and others.
Main outcome measures Patient mortality and occurrence of influenza-like illness.
Main outcomes are to prevent and control health problems in the population.
Main page comes online and hooks for other pages are created.
Main page contains a list by type of library.
Main page contains artist info, message boards and user profiles.
Main page contains daily promotions and specials.
Main page contains links to other physics sites.
Main page gives news summaries.
Main page has auto-loading sound file.
Main page has good colors and easy to follow links.
Main page has links to Archives for both titles.
Main page has links to history of witchcraft, fake psychics, etc.
Main page has radio buttons to specify searching all the words , any word , or exact text .
Main page has several other features, including original animations for free personal use.
Main page has too much text and is too busy.
Main page has variety of listening activities from sentence level to long conversations.
Main page includes links to useful site map and client list.
Main page includes pet care information, health tips and pictures.
Main page inludes, company logo, name, address, phone number, and photo's.
Main page introduces the site to the user and has links to all the other pages of the site.
Main page is a nice, clean index with no graphics and gizmos to take up time and space.
Main page is here .
Main page is in Polish language.
Main page is still at mah.htm .
Main page is still at vjmh.htm .
Main page is updated every AM, and some PMs.
Main page is updated.
Main page is very tables-intensive and can take a while to load.
Main page is very visible but also fairly stale.
Main page lists topics, number of messages under each one, and date of last posting.
Main page offers a link to the Canadian tour.
Main page opens to current news and keyword searching facility.
Main page receives face lift.
Main page takes a while to load, too.
Main page Welcome to myteacher.net.
Main page Welcome to our home page.
Main page Welcome to the shop.
Main pages are available in several European languages.
Main pages are link sites.
Main pages have a menu bar near the bottom.
Main pages lead to information pages, click on thumbnails for a larger picture.
All main pages have the same buttons on the left of the screen.
Main part has two rooms up and two rooms down with large one story rear wing.
Main part is a regular dictionary.
Main parts are evaporation condensation precipitation .
Main paths are suitable for wheelchairs.
Main pitfall is the high cost of a good outlet and continued cost of repairs.
Main place is a convention hall of the hotel.
Main plates are brilliantlyoriginal compositions, each one different.
Main point are chlorinated solvents.
Main point is that fairly complicated history possible, but dextral transpression dominant.
Main point is that hard and EASY days are needed for improvement.
Main point is the control of measuring instruments via standardized bus interfaces.
Main point is to be inferred from the overall picture.
Main points are relevant to the thesis statement.
Main points are well developed, fully supported, and follow an introductory pattern.
Main points are well sequenced and demonstrated in a thought-provoking way.
Main points have some sort of support.
Main pollinators are honey bees , bats , and white-winged doves .
Main pool flows into a smaller pool with a swim-up bar.
Main pool flows into smaller pool with swim-up bar.
All main positions are available for damage regardless of their current status.
Main power is generally reliable in supply but subject to major fluctations.
Main power is the electric motor.
Main power taking control is Japan.
Main predators are carnivorous mammals and raptors.
Main predators are coyotes, bobcats, and alligators.
Main predators are hawks, predatory mammals, and other snakes.
Main predators are mammals and other snakes.
Main predators are other snakes and raptors.
Main predators are other snakes, birds, and mammals.
Main predators are raptors and medium-sized mammals.
Main predators are raptors and other snakes.
Main problem is cortisol deficiency.
Main problem is in the modem and the display driver.
Main problem is lack of focus.
Main problem is obviously economic.
Main problem is the formatting.
Main problem is the high roughs.
Main problem is they can get virus.
Main problem is to do with reciprocal licensing.
Main problem is variability of oxygen availability with stirring or movement of the electrode.
Main problems are car crime, criminal damage, car racing and disorder.
Main problems are drought, feed scarcity and low agricultural productivity.
Main problems are free riders especially for consumers, and costs of information.
Main problems are vehicle and violent crime.
Main problems are vehicle crime and disorder.
Main problems are vehicle crime, theft and violent crime.
Main problems are vehicle crime, violence and disorder.
Main problems occur at public health clinics and hospital ERs.
Main Procedures Look for a suitable partner school.
Main process comes from advanced equipment made in China and abroad.
Main process puts out task tuples to be performed.
Main processing begins on the log file.
Main product includes fluoride-treated elastomeric compounds .
Main product is bearings.
Main product is cotton cloth.
Main product is sulphur.
Main products are apples, cider, sweet corn, pumpkins, and peaches.
Main products are auto lamps, rear view mirrors, windshield wipers and ashtrays.
Main products are automobile suspension springs and seats.
Main products are diesel engines and motorcycles.
Main products are display packaging and garment accessories for worldwide chain stores.
Main products are forklifts and wheel loaders.
Main products are lemony black tea, lichee black tea and orange tea etc.
Main products are low-loss power transformers, melting and vacuum furnaces.
Main products are meat, sausages, canned meat preparations etc.
Main products are optical, biochemical and particles microsystems.
Main products are parts for car airconditioners and bumpers.
Main products are salt, potassium chloride and industrial bromine.
Main products are semiconductors, batteries and LCDs.
Main products are sugar, fishery, agriculture, citrus, bananas, rice, light industry.
Main products are vegetables, honey, grain, grass-tea.
Main products are wildflowers, ideas, insights and dreams.
Main products are yarn and cloth.
Some main products associated with organized crime are guns, drugs and prostitution.
Main production goes to blends.
Main production is ornament of teenages, girls and kids.
Main program prints out results.
Main project is development of a Marine Park in Montserrat, West Indies.
Main providers are Russia, Iran, and Pakistan.
Main purpose is educational programming and executive women's networking.
Main purpose is restoration and preservation of historical buildings.
Main purpose is the analysis of thin multi layers using XRF-spectroscopy.
Main purpose is to communicate results of original research.
Main purpose is to decide on the cost adjustment options as presented in last weeks meeting.
Main purpose is to entertain, sell products or promote a viewpoint.
Main purpose is to entertain.
Main purpose is to find out whether a site is up and running on a network.
Main purpose is to provide information in a general manner.
Main purpose is to reduce recordkeeping and reporting burden imposed by agencies on the public.
Main purpose seems to be to arouse curiosity and to cater to popular superstitions.
Main purposes are to fish, to learn more about fishing, and to enjoy camaraderie and conversation.
Main quarry is rainbow trout.
Main railway lines access.
Main reason given is the relative weakness of the Irish currency vis a vis the dollar and Sterling.
Main reason is lack of awareness.
Main reason is that the actual composition seems identical.
Main reason is to obtain education by correspondence courses.
Main reasons are the destroyed bridges and railways.
Main reception is on the second floor.
Main recommendations extracted from the report is as follows.
Main referee decides goal to be used.
Main report is out of print.
Main requirement is bldg to attract and hold long term tenants.
Main requirements are two papers and a brief presentation.
Main research interests History and philosophy in science education.
Main research is in serious sexual offences, specifically the sexual assault of males.
Main research is on wide-bandgap semiconductor optoelectronics.
Main residence features spacious open floor plan.
Main resources are good soils and timber.
Main responsibilities are to recruit a class chair for each class year.
Main responsibilities involve sales force management and display.
Main responsibilities is to improve overall plant process, things like fixtures and automation.
Main responsibility includes manufacturing quality system, line process flow.
Main responsibility is analysis of cell samples for indicators of disease.
Main responsibility is to provide quality ongoing support to active match participants.
Main responsibility is to safely transport campers to and from off campus activities.
Main restaurant serves international buffets.
Main restaurant serves theme buffets.
Main risk is from herbicide-resistant crops .
Main risk is to fetus from infection in pregnancy.
A main road is a road
Main roads are good, and public transport is punctual, efficient, and comfortable.
Main roads are good, and secondary roads are adequate.
Main roads are good.
Main roads are in good condition, but can be curvy with little or no shoulder.
Main roads are quite good and rail and air services operate within reasonable parameters.
Main roads can accommodate buses and recreational vehicles.
Main roads open summer and fall as weather permits.
Main roads remain busy during the day.
Main roads take priority, then arterial streets, then neighborhood streets.
All main roads are in a good condition and generally speaking traffic is light.
All main roads are normally accessible to passenger cars except during heavy winter storms.
Most main roads are in good condition but they are narrow and winding.
Most main roads operate with a toll system.
Main roadways have bike lanes.
Main role is in charge of testing imported and domestic meat for antimicrobial resistant bacteria.
Main role is to advise and assist with spiritual needs of patients and families.
Main room is huge and mainly industrial, second room is dark and gothic.
Main room Stepping through the portal is like a trip into fantasyland.
All main rooms are on one floor.
All main rooms enjoy quality views.
All main rooms have ceiling fans.
Every main room has three-way sunlight and ventilation, leaving no dark corners.
Main routine does a few simple motions, but shows how to add additional behaviors.
Main salon has a round shaped settee that converts to provide a queen berth using the hi-lo table.
Main salon has L-shaped dinette to port which converts to double berth.
Main salon has L-shaped settee to port with small fixed table and single settee to starboard.
Main salon has single on port side and double on starboard side.
Main saloon has convertable dinette to port, settee starboard, galley space is aft to port.
Main savings are in site costs, office overhead, and labor costs.
Main scholarships are as follows.
Main screen is fairly attractive. .
Main screen is fairly attractive.
Main screen is shown but a space appears on the screen.
Main screen turn on.
Main section is alphabetical, followed by listings by investment objective and specialty.
Main section is arranged alphabetically by country.
Main section is the English vocabulary, with equivalents in other languages following.
Main section lists companies and their facilities by location.
Main sections are in Orange , sub sections are in Blue , sub-sub sections are in Grey .
Main sections incorporate hypertext links for ease of use.
Main sequence lifetimes ii.
Main sequence stars vs.
Main server is ok.
All main services are available in the vicinity for connection.
All main services are free for job seekers.
Main set consists of a subject index.
Main setting are two dimensional image analysis and density estimation.
Main shaft is known as the rachis with the portion within the feather follicle known as the calamus.
Main shortcomings are with ghosting and flare when sun is just out of picture.
Main site contains many useful links.
Main site has other interesting links.
Main site is here .
Main site uses frames.
All main sites are accessible for people with special needs.
Main skill is tackling, does it very well.
Main slope can get a little exposed to the winds, but on a good day has great views.
Main sound is from conveyor into burner, loud motor revving.
Main source is bats and birds.
Main sources are fees, donations, and subsidies.
Main sources are Madagascar, Burma, Brazil and China.
Main sources are United States, Switzerland, Thailand and China.
All main sources tend to be underestimates of the real level of activity for a variety of reasons.
Main span is the longest distance between the two main supports.
Main span means the distance between centerlines of double-pier supports.
Some main speakers have large powered subwoofers built in, making a separate subwoofer unnecessary.
Main species are hydrogen and argon from the plasma, water and related fragments.
Main sphere is migration issues.
Main sponsors can receive three complimentary workshop passes.
Main stacks are in the basement, and on the second, third, and fourth floors.
Main stage plays and musicals.
Main staples are juicy fruits and leafy green vegetables.
Main stem is stunted.
Main stems are thick with straight single wings and moderate purple pigmentation.
Main stream is oriented supporting CARNet related documents and software distributions.
A main street is a street
Main street becomes crowded on weekends and holidays.
Main street connects the East and West parts of the city.
Main street does.
Main street features a row of antique and specialty shops, down home dining, and historic buildings.
Main street has steeple-like clock tower.
Main street is about five blocks west of the old gas station and post office.
Main street is all of three blocks.
Main street is bookended by a community college to the south and a government center to the north.
Main street is lined with antique, craft and many specialty shops, along with fine Kentucky dining.
Main street is lined with boutiques, cafes, taverns, stationers and gift shops.
Main street is made up of block after block of small shops, boutiques, and restaurants.
Main street is mentioned as running at an angle of nineteen degrees east of the magnetic meridian.
Main street is pedestrian mall during business hours.
Main street is the shortest in town.
Main street runs for four blocks.
Main streets are highly traveled streets.
Main streets are streets.
Main streets are towns.
Main streets are usually broad with a relatively high level of activity.
Main streets have good transit service and are convenient locations for apartments and town homes.
Some main streets have English signs.
Main structure is comprised of steel weldments primed and painted using two-part epoxy paint.
Main styles are tiger and monkey boxing.
Main subject is technical safety in transport of cryogenic liquid hydrogen.
Main subject is the development of methods and systems for diagnosis of industrial processes.
Main subjects are digital broadcasting and private wireless networks.
Main subjects are historical reliefs, the imperial image, and the funerary art of private patrons.
Main subjects are the diagnostic and therapeutic use of radiation in medicine.
Main subjects operate on quotas which are confirmed and checked annually.
All main subjects includes hands-on, experiential training.
Main suite is upstairs with outside balcony.
Main suppliers are Germany, China and Japan as well as other Asian countries.
Main suppliers are the United States, Malaysia, and Australia.
Main support contains handles to allow personnel to handle the unit.
Main surface features mountain chains, peaks.
Main suspects are cold noodles, raw cow's liver and undercooked hamburger.
Main swirl is surrounded by heavy cloud regions.
Main switch is behind the front door.
Main symptom is a constant watery eye.
Main symptom is itchy eyes.
Main symptom is pinkness of the white parts of the eyes.
Main symptoms are high fever, intensive pain and perianal tumor.
Main symptoms are paralysis of eye movements, difficulty in speaking, rigidity, and senility.
Main target is the quiet sun, where most of the studies discussed above have been performed.
Main targets are development and support of hydrogen technology.
Main targets are mesoscopic and nanometer scale composite materials.
Main tasks are patient care, research and education.
Main theme are wildlife habitats - forests, fields and wetlands.
Main theme begins the lassu .
Main theme is children-related.
Main theme is choices.
Main theme is electro-acoustic music and live electronics.
Main theme is enthusiasm and excitement.
Main theme is Japanese beautiful scenery, especially of a historical city Kyoto.
Main theme is recovery and clean and sober bikers.
Main theme is that business needs to change from taking to borrowing - lineal to circular thinking.
Main themes are animals, pets and babies.
Main themes are cultural contact and the growth of states and peoples.
Main themes are human settlements, human rights, environment and capacity building.
Main themes are what to do, how to do it, and how to keep it interesting.
Main thing is keep up with the homework.
Main thing is the engine.
Main thing is the teaming, sort of a school within a school.
Main thing is to get the crystal to oscillate.
Main thing is to look for the cities where packaged.
Main threats appear to be large hail and damaging winds.
Main threats are changes in woodland management and land drainage.
Main threats are excessive hunting and habitat destruction.
Main thrust is funny.
Main thrust is suppose to move the audience emotionally.
Main thrust is to amuse.
Main timer can also trigger several feeders simultaneously.
Main titles appear over action.
Main topic appears to be the business side of tree growing.
Main topic covered in clinical lectures is fevers.
Main topic is differential and integral calculus and applica- tions.
Main topic is experimental aircraft.
Main topic is religious tolerance.
Main topic is, of course, Computing in Japan .
Main topics are abductive reasoning, chronicles learning, diagnoser building.
Main topics are amateur science, weird science, and cool science.
Main topics are history and culture of Spain and Latin America.
Main topics are network sensing and network management.
Main topics are nonlinear behaviour of materials and damage caused by inelastic effects.
Main topics are sample size and use of cluster sampling.
Main topics are the highest level within a conference.
Main topics are the study the effects of friction and wear of such molecular carpets.
Main topics break down into sub- categories and then to articles.
Main topics treated in each linked issue appear along with the newsletter date and issue number.
All main topics are in blue.
Main topsail is Constitution's largest sail.
Main tower is vertical.
Main tower leans back at anvil level.
Main towns have good hospital care and excellent specialists can be found in Nairobi and Mombasa.
All main towns have chemists, and pharmaceutical supplies are readily available.
Main toxicity is pulmonary from inhalation.
Main trail can be very busy with hikers at peak use periods.
Main trail follows creek up valley floor.
Main trail is dirt fire road that starts out parallel to seasonal stream.
Main trail is marked w. Red markers.
Main trail is marked.
Main trails are easy, and the single track has tricky spots.
All main trails are well marked.
Main trend is concentration of ownership.
Main triangle is double-butted.
Main trunks can be eight to twelve feet across.
Main undercarriage retracts into engine fairings part-way along the mainplane.
Main unit can receive information from up to eight add-on sensors.
Main units are unaddressed.
Main upside is that it's cheap.
Main uses are against cotton boll worms, corn borers, cut worms and leaf hoppers.
Main uses are in paper making and in pigment retention.
Main use is for hunting.
Main use is in large midwater trawls where it is used in the framelines.
Main use is in pharmaceuticals and low melting point alloys used as fuses.
Main use is on glass or similar materials where it electrostatically adheres.
Main uses are athletic wear and foundation garments.
Main users are local administrators, epidemiological researchers, and general health care workers.
Main users seem to be model rocketry, for engine ignition.
All main values are in red.
Main valve opening size is listed for dry barrel hydrants.
Main variables are monthly gross wages, and monthly net wages.
Main verb is a cognitive verb, such as think, know, wonder, dream, imagine.
Main verb specifies communication, such as say, tell, ask, promise, talk .
Main verbs are verbs.
Some main verbs are action verbs.
Main victims are farmers and soldiers stationing in the field.
Main wale is ebony, channel and rub wales apricot.
Main waterway is the Licking River.
Main webpage includes links to other related resources.
Main wheels dia.
Main window can resize down vertically.
Main window displays a table of contents built from the first line of each notebook page.
Main window is now resizable.
Main window is resizable now.
Main window is resizable.
All main windows have configurable button bars.
Main work is done in the field of iron, steel and ferroalloys metallurgy.
Main work is to watch, record and ring the birds of Sandwich Bay.
Main works are web-page building, page layouts and illustrations.
Main zipper has internal draft flap with fleece chin guard.
Main zippers are no.
A main is water
Mains are almost in all areas of our daily life.
Mains are bodies of water.
Mains are part of infrastructures.
Mains are pipes.
Mains are rivers.
Mains are short, but pull 'em up tight anyhow.
Mains is out of town for the weekend.
Mains roll out under huge silver domes lifted in unison.
Mains switch at back.
Mains type adjacent to the road and re-circulating midfield.
All mains come with potatoes and a choice of two sides.
Maine beer is good beer.
Maine businesses deserve the opportunity to get their fair share of federal business.
Maine citizens take pride in fairness.
Maine collectors are still scarce.
Maine courts do have the authority and the obligation to enforce a final judgment of a sister state.
Maine doctors are the newest group to become concerned.
Maine facility is home to our manufacturing, engineering and administrative offices.
Maine fairs are almost as old as the nation.
Maine granite is used as the facing.
Maine law allows for specific performance on contracts for personalty, in certain circumstances.
Maine law forbids possession of firecrackers or other explosive devices including air rifles.
Maine law needs to be changed.
Maine law offers a generous creel limit on crappie.
Maine law permits appropriate rating of youthful operators.
Maine law places several limitations on advertising by state and agency liquor stores.
Maine law prohibits drinking of alcoholic beverages in public places.
Maine law provides for certain documents to be treated as confidential.
Maine law provides the option for the company to convert to a for-profit entity.
Maine law recognizes that there are certain basic things a person needs to live.
Maine law requires voter approval of low-level radioactive waste compacts by public referendum.
Maine lobsters have claws.
Maine lobsters have meaty claws.
Most maine lobsters have claws.
Most maine lobsters have meaty claws.
Maine location offers snowmobiling and cross country skiing.
Maine marriage records on-line.
Maine students continue to be among the top performers on national standardized assessments.
Maine summers are warm and inviting.
Maine town clerks in general are an invaluable source of information on wedding legalities.
Maine weather can be wet, windy and cold even in the summer months.
Maine wildlife is threatened by a variety of factors.
Maine winters are cold and dreary.
Maine winters are rough on skin.
Maine youth acquire employable and entrepreneurial skills to achieve personal financial goals.
Maine youth acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to practice sustainable agriculture.
Maine youth aspire to reach their full potential.
Maine youth develop the skills to become responsible citizens and effective leaders.
Maine advances through the tiebreaker rule.
Maine allows a minor to receive counseling in lieu of parental or judicial consent.
Maine allows one meal of bluefish per month.
Maine allows public funding of elections for certain offices.
Maine already has a high requirement for the number of signatures required.
Maine already has extremely advanced probably the most advanced environmental laws in the country.
Maine already has in place a significantly stricter citizen initiative process than Oregon.
Maine also boasts some of the largest white tail deer in the country.
Maine also faces a teacher shortage for certain areas of science and mathematics.
Maine also has a felony murder statute.
Maine also has a lower rate of two-year programs.
Maine also has a website.
Maine also has an open-container law that prohibits consumption of alcohol on public roadways.
Maine also has more micro-breweries per capita than any other state.
Maine also has the highest percentage of forest being held by private citizens.
Maine also has the highest state and local tax burden per capita in the entire nation.
Maine also produces potatoes, apples and blueberries, which are shipped far and wide.
Maine also produces potatoes, apples, broccoli and blueberries, which are shipped around the world.
Maine also seems to have a fondness for beauty pageants.
Maine also uses two other per-pupil rates with different definitions and different purposes.
Maine amulet with unusal symbols.
Maine anticipates having the single tournament again in Orono, Maine.
Maine assigns cases by the traditional manner of assignment at regular intervals.
Maine atlas to use.
Maine bars the commercial transfer of water beyond municipal boundaries.
Maine can be on the chilly side during late spring and early fall.
Maine certainly is where the mountains meet the sea.
Maine charges five dollars per set for decals.
Maine Click to view county map of Maine.
Maine comes in sixth with New Hampshire seventh.
Maine contains a great number of lakes, mostly of moderate dimensions.
Maine currently enjoys certification reciprocity with forty other states.
Maine currently has a two-tiered system of ''registered'' and ''licensed'' homes.
Maine develops pest prediction models that give growers a preview of coming events.
Maine Do more in Maine .
Maine does have a fish consumption warning regarding mercury levels.
Maine faces a significant threat from plants like Milfoil.
Maine features articles, columns and info on the outdoors, travel and visiting the state.
Maine fits the comprehensive policy- tight coupling.
Maine gets a lot more back from the feds than it pays in.
Maine has (part) Brunswick.
Maine has a database through which interested parties can search through filed forms.
Maine has a fairly long canoeing season thanks to many dam controlled rivers and lakes.
Maine has a first class public education system.
Maine has a flair for the dramatic.
Maine has a great work ethic and motivated work force, which is why companies locate here.
Maine has a huge crop, but mostly for processing.
Maine has a huge problem.
Maine has a humid continental climate with a moderate summer and a long winter.
Maine has a large coastline that provides abundant habitat for ospreys.
Maine has a little bit of everything for everyone.
Maine has a long and interesting history.
Maine has a long and rich history of local control.
Maine has a long, cold winter.
Maine has a lot of poachers.
Maine has a mandatory maple syrup grading law.
Maine has a program similar to Vermont's.
Maine has a rich history of community organizing.
Maine has a search and rescue dog group and they do a wonderful job.
Maine has a section with hunting stories and information.
Maine has a shot to be a big player in a high wage growing industry.
Maine has a similar program to Vermont s.
Maine has a valid point.
Maine has a variety of voluntary teacher training programs in technology.
Maine has a vast array of events to participate in, or entertainment to indulge in.
Maine has a vast number of peat deposits.
Maine has a very tough alcohol policy.
Maine has access to lots of outdoor activities and beauty.
Maine has acid rain.
Maine has among the lowest rates for high school students going on to college.
Maine has an abundance of small farms and a long tradition of land stewardship.
Maine has an abundant black bear population.
Maine has an exciting, exotic and unexplored rocky coast.
Maine has an interesting opportunity to acquire some valuable land for public use.
Maine has an opportunity to gain control over spectacular land.
Maine has continuity of health insurance provisions.
Maine has enormous diversity of land, sea and forests.
Maine has great natural resources.
Maine has hundreds of forested islands, but very few are used by colonial waterbirds.
Maine has less government-owned land than most states.
Maine has lobsters, blueberries too, It is near the ocean blue.
Maine has many beautiful golf courses.
Maine has many golf equipment outlets.
Maine has more boating-related fatalities than any other state in the Northeast.
Maine has more jagged coastline than California and Florida combined.
Maine has more lighthouses than any other state.
Maine has more trees and water and sensible, open-minded people.
Maine has no lack of used tires.
Maine has no mandate.
Maine has no state estate tax.
Maine has one application pending.
Maine has one aquaculture company that grows seaweed.
Maine has one of the first co-management laws in the world.
Maine has one of the highest rates of child immunizations in the country.
Maine has one of the highest rates of gun ownership and one of the nation's lowest murder rates.
Maine has one of the lowest percentages of public land in the nation.
Maine has one of the most comfortable statewide summer climates in the continental United States.
Maine has one of the most comfortable statewide summer climates in the United States.
Maine has one of the strongest water-quality protection programs in the country.
Maine has several venture funds which make money available to local biotechnology firms.
Maine has so many native plants.
Maine has some interesting shoreline.
Maine has some of the best builders in the world.
Maine has that and so much more.
Maine has the highest concentration of industrial forestland in our nation.
Maine has the largest black bear population east of the Mississippi.
Maine has the largest population of smokers in the country.
Maine has the lowest occurence of serial murders - none.
Maine has the third lowest crime rate in New England, behind Vermont and New Hampshire.
Maine has three interstates running through it.
Maine has to be aware of the shifting economic landscape and react accordingly.
Maine has to offer.
Maine has two ASMs.
Maine has zero.
Maine hold quality of life attitude very strong.
Maine hosts more warbler species during the year than most other states in the country.
Maine imposes a tax on tangible property purchased outside the state that is used in the state.
Maine is a beautiful place to spend the year.
Maine is a beautiful state in which to live and it's also a wonderful place to visit.
Maine is a beautiful, wonderful, place to vacation.
Maine is a big state blessed with many natural resources.
Maine is a bleak place, populated by crazy fishermen and crazy bed and breakfast owners.
Maine is a close-knit state of small communities, and people like to see kids they know play ball.
Maine is a cool person that gets along with anyone but want take nothing from no one.
Maine is a famous figure who describes different types of law in terms of evolution.
Maine is a fantastic place to explore.
Maine is a fantastic place to live.
Maine is a frugal state.
Maine is a great place for yard work.
Maine is a great place to live.
Maine is a great state of mind, beautiful scenery, wonderful people, and enjoyable brews.
Maine is a guide to enjoying recreation and leisure activities in the state.
Maine is a land of extremes.
Maine is a large state and offers a great variety of fishing, hunting and outdoor opportunities.
Maine is a large state, about the same size as the Commonwealth of Virginia.
Maine is a long way from the Middle East.
Maine is a long way in distance and in culture from the mean streets of New York or Washington.
Maine is a natural treasure that attracts thousands of visitors every year.
Maine is a popular getaway spot for three-day holiday weekends.
Maine is a powerhouse and perennial winner.
Maine is a rural state.
Maine is a state alive with railroad activity and variety.
Maine is a state with a split personality of sorts.
Maine is a terrific place to visit and even a better place to live.
Maine is a tremendous team.
Maine is a unique corner of the world.
Maine is a vastly rural state.
Maine is about as big as all of the other New England states combined.
Maine is ahead of the game, compared to much of the nation.
Maine is also a hotbed of local cookbooks.
Maine is also remarkable free of pollen, dangerous animals and insects, pollution and over-crowding.
Maine is also very concerned about acid rain for the same reasons as Canada.
Maine is America off the beaten path.
Maine is among a handful of states that have a pay-equity law on their books.
Maine is an especially rich area for studies of the environment.
Maine is as big as all the other New England states combined.
Maine is at or near the bottom in comparison to other states.
Maine is beautiful.
Maine is believed to have received in France.
Maine is big.
Maine is blessed with abundant clean drinking water.
Maine is currently the only state which has addressed caps on prescription drug prices.
Maine is downwind of all of the electric power plants in the United States.
Maine is excluded because of it's small size.
Maine is famous for lobsters, clams, and blueberries.
Maine is for sale .
Maine is fortunate to have high tides and high-energy storms that flush wastes from farms.
Maine is full of bugs, especially mosquitos.
Maine is great for exploring.
Maine is great-the campus is absolutely beautiful.
Maine is idle.
Maine is in good position because it has a privacy statement.
Maine is in the process of incorporating VA's national patient safety initiatives.
Maine is in the throes of an alcohol epidemic.
Maine is known, of course, for lobster.
Maine is large geographically but small population-wise.
Maine is largely wilderness and the people are close to nature.
Maine is Maine.
Maine is marvelous.
Maine is most important minerals are sand, gravel, zinc, clays, peat and lead.
Maine is mostly safe from hurricanes and tropical storms.
Maine is nicknamed the pine tree state.
Maine is no different from the rest of the country in spreading the blame widely.
Maine is no exception.
Maine is no longer just lobsters and lighthouses.
Maine is no longer the wild frontier.
Maine is now on the map.
Maine is now the only state with an independent governor.
Maine is number one.
Maine is one of just three states without a free-standing community college system.
Maine is one of six states in the region known as New England.
Maine is one of the few states that has such a process.
Maine is one of the few states without a community college system.
Maine is one of the most beautiful places on earth.
Maine is one of the most beautiful states.
Maine is one of the slower states for postal history.
Maine is one of the top ten in the nation for smoking-related deaths.
Maine is one of the world's largest pulp-paper producers.
Maine is one of the worst providers of hospice care in the entire nation.
Maine is part of America.
Maine is part of Massachusetts.
Maine is quite busy during the summer months.
Maine is recognized as one of the most healthful states in the nation.
Maine is rich in igneous rock bodies.
Maine is sick of being America's tailpipe.
Maine is so much better than prison.
Maine is still a leader in the supported housing model.
Maine is such a beautiful place.
Maine is sure a wonderful place to get in touch with nature.
Maine is the first state in the nation to pass such a resolution.
Maine is the fourth slowest growing state in the nation.
Maine is the heartland of the North Atlantic.
Maine is the largest of the six New England states.
Maine is the largest producer of lobster in the United States.
Maine is the largest producer of wild blueberries in the world.
Maine is the last bastion of strong brook-trout populations in the Northeast.
Maine is the last state in the union to follow suit.
Maine is the most forested state in the nation.
Maine is the most northeastern state, neighbouring New Hampshire and Canada .
Maine is the most North-Eastern state.
Maine is the national leader.
Maine is the only one of the forty-eight contiguous states to border only one other state.
Maine is the only other state operating under a similar system.
Maine is the only state east of the Mississippi River to complete the work.
Maine is the only state in the country with native Atlantic salmon.
Maine is the only state in the U.S. which has only one syllable.
Maine is the only state in the United States whose name has one syllable.
Maine is the only state on the eastern seaboard with more black bears than New York.
Maine is the only state that borders on only one state.
Maine is the only state that borders only one state.
Maine is the only state where unregistered patients are afforded a simple defense at trial.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
Maine is the only state with just one syllable.
Maine is the second largest paper making state next to Wisconsin.
Maine is the second largest pulp and paper producing state in the Untied States.
Maine is the seventh state in which voters have approved the medical use of marijuana.
Maine is the shopping mecca of Northern New England, and for good reason.
Maine is the sole of the forty-eight contiguous states to border only one other state.
Maine is the toothpick capital of America.
Maine is the toothpick capital of the world.
Maine is to be admitted as a free state, Missouri as a slave state.
Maine is to the recently passed bill.
Maine is very cold during the winter months.
Maine is well known for other seafood, blueberries, apples, potatoes, and maple syrup.
Maine is, by nature, a civil place to live.
Maine isa thing.
Maine joins a small list of states prohibiting smoking in restaurants.
Maine lacks an energy-efficient building code, a standard common in other states.
Maine lags behind other states in the percent of high school graduates who go to college.
Maine lags behind the nation in getting high school graduates into college.
Maine leads New England in the greatest percent of land forested.
Maine limits eligibility to individuals with chronic or permanent disabilities.
Maine Listed below are links to people or organizations seeking a hand surgeon in Maine .
Maine moves into a tie for third in Hockey East with New Hampshire.
Maine Moving companies charge on the basis of weight and distance.
Maine needs both.
Maine needs to provide more alternatives or more disposal sites.
Maine needs to take a pro-active approach to economic restructuring.
Maine now has choices.
Maine now has great opportunities.
Maine now has the capacity to do the testing in Augusta.
Maine now has two ties in Hockey East play and four overall.
Maine now wants to be a Republican state.
Maine offers a great many venues in which to explore ones creativity in photography.
Maine offers a useful case study.
Maine offers a variety of options for snowshoeing.
Maine offers a variety of summer youth camp programs.
Maine offers adventures in camping, rafting, kayaking, canoeing and hiking.
Maine offers an intriguing blend of past and present.
Maine offers great shopping opportunities as well.
Maine offers local, national and business news, weather and traffic reports.
Maine offers one great health care program for Maine kids.
Maine offers some of the best Snowmobiling in the country.
Maine offers some of the finest sailing grounds in the world, and great fishing, too.
Maine offers sporting enthusiasts some of the finest recreational opportunities in the country.
Maine offers uncountable acres of prime woodcock and grouse habitat.
Maine only has a certain amount of agricultural soils.
Maine ought to be moving.
Maine pays directly after the accident, while New Hampshire pays concurrently.
Maine Pick a site of interest.
Maine plays against North Carolina in their next game.
Maine produces beautiful sherbet colors of tourmaline and spectacular minty greens.
Maine produces beautifule sherbet colors of torumaline and spectacular minty greens.
Maine produces only wild blueberries, much of the crop processed by freezing.
Maine Provides extensive government and community information.
Maine provides intrastate transportation for patient movement, including fixed-wing aircraft.
Maine publishes two sets of fishing regulations, one for open water and one for ice fishing.
Maine ranks third in acreage and production of potatoes.
Maine remains semi-permanently in the bottom ten states in terms of collector demand.
Maine reports it is in the process of rewriting standards.
Maine requires annual inspection of school heating and ventilation systems.
Maine requires that all underground tanks be registered and that inadequate tanks be removed.
Maine requires training and education for new employees and additional training for new supervisors.
Maine requires written leases in excess of two years.
Maine s legal, governmental, and business community is similarly small.
Maine seems to have been more successful with land use controls.
Maine seems to incubate candidates for national office.
Maine sees that as a community burden.
Maine sees the sun first.
Maine shows ambition But what Maine lacks in money, it seems to make up in ambition.
Maine shows where exchanges are located, indicates local calling areas.
Maine There are currently no open positions.
Maine turns two faces toward the traveler.
Maine uses a two-tiered circular system.
Maine uses the designation for antique automobiles.
Maine uses the six-month eligibility rule, as does Massachusetts.
Maine votes for statehood.
Maines admits that offense is a key in the aluminum bat-filled world of collegiate baseball.
Maines are especially good with children and dogs, and make excellent companions.
Maines are places.
Maines are rivers.
Maines are states.
Maines get along well with other cats, dogs, and children.
Maine always beats New Hampshire in hockey.
Maine often lags behind the rest of the country in health developments.
Many Maine hiring managers know works and have put it to work for their companies more than once.
Most Maine is part of America.
A mainframe computer is a digital computer
Mainframe computer moves devices in remote area to preform precise functions.
Mainframe computers have a lot of data processing power and their size is quite big.
A mainframe is computer hardware
A mainframe is electronic equipment
Mainframe computing for research is provided free of charge.
Mainframe has to fight an all-out war as the Web invades.
Mainframe Holds up the barn roof.
Mainframe is a separate issue.
Mainframe is home to all of ReBoot's characters.
Mainframe is one of the largest computer animation houses in the world.
Mainframe is saved, but at a terrible cost.
Mainframe powers down to prepare for the upgrade.
Mainframes also have operating systems.
Mainframes are also highly scalable.
Mainframes are cumbersome because their user environment is character-based.
Mainframes are digital computers.
Mainframes are large centralized computers.
Mainframes are machines.
Mainframes are more expensive because the compromises are less, well, compromised.
Mainframes are now an essential part of every large research institute and military organization.
Mainframes are powerful servers that predate most computing systems available today.
Mainframes are reliable back-end transaction systems.
Mainframes are the computer types most attacked by worms.
Mainframes are the computers at the heart of many businesses and government agencies.
Mainframes are the largest and faster type of computers.
Mainframes are very scalable.
Mainframes can work quite differently.
Mainframes do have drawbacks for implementation in e-business environments.
Mainframes fit the bill.
Mainframes Have Staying Power.
Mainframes keep power and information stored and controlled at the top.
Mainframes know their place and keep it.
Mainframes meet the job demands without fail.
Mainframes still doing well Never say die in Japan's mainframe business.
Mainframes still process bulk data production jobs, but users can process smaller jobs locally.
Mainframes tell a different story.
Mainframes tend to be large physically and provide server power to multiple computers and users.
Any mainframe experience a definite plus.
Many mainframes provides a text based version of telnet.
Most mainframes are also much more powerful than most servers.
Most mainframes support most plug-ins.
A mainland is a ground
Mainland can provoke by being too threatening.
Mainland is rabies free.
Mainland is the largest of the group.
Mainland is the source of animals that make it to the islands.
Mainland publishes humor with literary flair.
Mainlands are lands.
Mainline churches tend to start new churches rather than expand an existing congregation.
Many mainline churches think and act like frogs and are slowly dying.
Mainline denominations are in decline and most Pentecostal groups have plateaued.
Mainline papers are original scholarly research papers or thematic overviews of key issues.
Mainline renewal is no baby anymore.
Mainline schools have higher debt levels than evangelical schools.
Mainline stations are also only a short walk away.
Mainline track is blocked and ballasted where needed.
Mainline track is level throughout the module.
All mainline track is installed.
Mainline trains are quite safe.
Mainpeak staff are friendly, experienced outdoor people.
Mains electricity can kill.
Mains electricity differs in two main ways to the electricity produced by batteries.
Mains electricity is supplied and town gas feeds the central heating and hot water systems.
Mains power is an example.
Mains water is available.
Mains water is supplied via a quick release connector.
A mainsail is a sail
Mainsail Trim the mainsheet hard enough to make the top batten parallel to the boom.
Mainsails are located in boats.
Mainsails are sails.
Mainsails have original rope luff.
All mainsails come standard with shelf foot, tell tails, etc.
All mainsails have luff curve which creates sail shape.
Mainstay communications strives to meet the needs of their customers.
Mainstay drugs are corticosteroids, aminoosalicylates and immunomodulatory drugs.
A mainstay is an advocate
Mainstays are heavy oil, lubricants and asphalt.
Most mainstream archaeologists take a differ view.
Most mainstream cinema appears to worship youth.
Mainstream culture borrows freely from drug culture.
Most mainstream doctors embrace and comply with the beliefs of the conventional thyroid specialty.
Mainstream economics use equations.
Mainstream economists call that wishful thinking, at best.
Mainstream economists find concepts.
Mainstream economists regard various theories that they are employing as tentative.
Most mainstream economists find concepts.
Some mainstream economists do voice grave concern over one aspect of the foreign debt.
Mainstream medicine creates a certain condition under which healing becomes possible again.
Mainstream medicine has no viable answer to viral infections.
Mainstream medicine is practised within a specific paradigm.
Mainstream medicine maintains that migraines are a neurological phenomenon involving the brain.
Mainstream medicine offers few effective remedies .
Mainstream medicine uses all sorts of treatments which originally come from herbal remedies.
Mainstream media is often the method a lot of groups chose to communicate.
Mainstream media uses discriminatory terminology, publishes biased or even harmful stereotypes.
Most mainstream programs use the same basic interface and terminology.
Mainstream rap has no identity, but it does have an image.
Mainstream schools can learn from best practice in special schools.
Mainstream schools offer better educational opportunities for homeless children.
Mainstream science is often years behind metaphysical knowledge.
Mainstream scientists use analyses.
More mainstream sports including golf and watersports, are also well catered for.
Most mainstream supermarkets carry non fat versions of all the high fat condiments.
A mainstream is a thought
Mainstream calls it networking.
Mainstream covers much of central Arkansas.
Mainstream goes beyond glib tech jargon.
Mainstream helps with job placement and finding disability services.
Mainstream is pop and pulp is mainstream.
Mainstream isa belief.
Mainstream strives to deliver the most effective network services.
Mainstream works on a fixed-deliverables basis.
Mainstreams are thoughts.
More mainstream are the noodle or rice dishes topped with grilled meat or shrimp.
More mainstream then get body and texture.
Mainstreamed classrooms have specialized equipment and learning materials on hand.
Maintained charges are usually too small to count towards difference.
Maintained colonies grow only if ignorant people continue dumping pets.
Maintained customers satisfaction during extremely low downtimes.
Maintained machine records for maintenance and safety.
Maintained personnel records for all employees.
Maintained POP accounts for IBM.net.
Maintained road ends here.
Maintained roads make access a snap.
Maintained trails are essential in areas of otherwise impenetrable chaparral.
A maintainer is an advocate
Maintainers are responsible for checking and maintaining links.
Maintainers are responsible for making their teams needs known to the webmasters.
Maintainers are then free to adopt the new work or go their own way.
Maintainers can only maintain membership.
Maintainers find they have a similar bond as well, since they work on the aircraft.
Maintainers gain access to the silo through the personnel access hatch.
Maintainers have to do more work on closed lists then on open lists.
Maintainers use technical orders like preachers use bibles.
Any maintainer can process stuff out of the Incoming directory.
Many maintainers meet there regularily.
Most maintainers develop new eating styles.
Most maintainers exercise the equivalent of walking an hour a day.
Most maintainers recruit other developers to help.
All maintenance actions are under password control.
Maintenance agreement is available.
Maintenance agreements are also available for purchase.
Maintenance agreements are also available.
Every maintenance call is treated like a top priority.
Maintenance cost covers small changes and corrections.
Maintenance cost is even better news.
Maintenance cost is the main factor.
Maintenance costs add several thousand dollars per patent.
Maintenance costs are a sore point on both sides.
Maintenance costs are also slightly increased if leaflets are discarded on the trail.
Maintenance costs are difficult to justify for a building providing limited economic return.
Maintenance costs are down and reliability is increased.
Maintenance costs are free on initial calendar year.
Maintenance costs are greater than simple resistance water heating.
Maintenance costs are high and demand a high proportion of recreation funds.
Maintenance costs are just part of the price of doing business.
Maintenance costs are largely attributable to labor, materials and contract services.
Maintenance costs are low and predictable.
Maintenance costs are low because of the system's simple design.
Maintenance costs are low due to the absence of mechanical wear.
Maintenance costs are low due to the small number of moving parts in the system.
Maintenance costs are low, because the boom is anchored to the seabed.
Maintenance costs are low.
Maintenance costs are lower.
Maintenance costs are minimal requiring simpler procedures and lower skilled maintenance people.
Maintenance costs are minimal.
Maintenance costs are minor.
Maintenance costs are much less.
Maintenance costs are simply part of the price of doing business.
Maintenance costs are therfore minimal.
Maintenance costs associated with the operation of a pump station are also quite high.
Maintenance costs can be excessive if meters are used for water with sediment.
Maintenance costs can be high.
Maintenance costs can be very high.
Maintenance costs depend on both the type and condition of the existing system.
Maintenance costs depend upon the frequency of information that needs to be updated.
Maintenance costs go down when smoke, matches, and cigarette butts are eliminated in facilities.
Maintenance costs go up.
Maintenance costs show the same pattern.
Maintenance costs tend to be high and direct replacement parts can prove difficult to source.
Maintenance engineers are often on-call outside normal working hours.
Maintenance engineers ensure the plants are dependable and profitable, providing maximum output.
Maintenance fee covers all utilities.
Maintenance fee includes all utilities.
Maintenance fee includes water, electric, cable TV and co-op taxes.
Maintenance fee is a small monthly service fee for communal areas of the building.
Maintenance fees are due annually counting from the filing date.
Maintenance fees are due the first day of each month.
Maintenance fees are due the first of every month.
Maintenance fees are payable annually however.
Maintenance fees are payable annually on the anniversary of the filing date.
Maintenance fees are payable at the time of service.
Maintenance fees are payable before the end of the fourth, eighth and twelfth years.
Maintenance fees can soar with frequent updates to multiple pages.
Maintenance fees have to be paid in advance.
Maintenance fees rise.
Maintenance fees vary according to the square-footage of the unit.
Maintenance fees vary by neighborhood.
Maintenance fees vary widely from one condominium to another depending on a variety of factors.
All maintenance fees are due quarterly in advance.
All maintenance fees shown are by the year unless otherwise stated.
All maintenance grants are means tested.
Maintenance margin is the same as initial margin.
Maintenance margin is the same as the initial margin.
Maintenance of certification requires continuing education.
Maintenance of certification requires ongoing commitment of resources.
Maintenance philosophy is also very important.
Maintenance procedures include packs.
Maintenance records are good.
All maintenance records are available.
Maintenance release fixes minor issues.
Maintenance releases are available upon request for a nominal charge.
Maintenance releases are periodic revisions of major releases.
Maintenance supervisors assign people.
Maintenance therapies work to prevent recurrence.
Maintenance therapy has no demonstrated role in AML patients who have had intensification treatment.
Maintenance therapy is life long to prevent relapse.
Maintenance therapy is lifetime with fluconazole.
Maintenance therapy is necessary after the initial dose.
Maintenance therapy is recommended to assure continued remission.
Maintenance therapy is used in patients with a history of recurrence.
Maintenance windows are easy to establish due to the now open rout system.
Maintenance Actively monitor appearance and repair of building and grounds.
Maintenance alerts Short final - Regulating space flight.
Maintenance allows access to any updates to the program made available during that period of time.
Maintenance allows continued use of the product and is mandatory.
Maintenance allows continued use of the product.
Maintenance allows continued use of the products.
Maintenance allows documentation to stay accurate.
Maintenance allows use of the current version.
Maintenance also benefits from unit tests.
Maintenance also contributes significantly to safer travel, easing congestion and quieter roads.
Maintenance also includes creating reports for planning and budgeting purposes.
Maintenance also includes future SecureIIS version upgrades and also includes technical support .
Maintenance also involves staying in touch with one another.
Maintenance also is an expensive challenge.
Maintenance also is the responsibility of the local school board.
Maintenance also provides a safe environment through the upkeep of the entire park.
Maintenance amounts both current and past due.
Maintenance appears to be a particularly important abnormal state.
Maintenance appears to have been very low.
Maintenance Ask for a qoute.
Maintenance automatically provides upgrades to new versions as they are released.
Maintenance background a plus.
Maintenance based on test cycles is only practical for high-volume manufacturing.
Maintenance becomes a curse and engineers are tethered to the implementation.
Maintenance becomes a major problem.
Maintenance becomes a much easier task as well.
Maintenance becomes much easier and therefore quicker.
Maintenance becomes prohibitive and buildings deteriorate.
Maintenance begins right after the build.
Maintenance begins with removal of as much snow as possible during a storm.
Maintenance builds upon, tests, and extends the foundational work of the initiating stage.
Maintenance calls Call the apartment office before letting in an unexpected worker.
Maintenance calls to say it has the camera in place on that roofing problem.
Maintenance can also be time-consuming depending on how the information is posted to the Web.
Maintenance can be a pain, though.
Maintenance can be difficult if the structure has to be moved by boat.
Maintenance can be done by local staff, spare parts are also available locally.
Maintenance can be part of the service purchase agreement or can be done by the school or workplace.
Maintenance can become a problem.
Maintenance Can get messy.
Maintenance can include bearings, belts, and motors.
Maintenance can include field repairs after a visual inspection and dielectric test.
Maintenance can make or break a garden.
Maintenance can pay off well when it is time to sell.
Maintenance can play a big roll in a successful site.
Maintenance can rely on templates to keep organisation.
Maintenance can take place in a distributed way.
Maintenance can then download the event with all the parameters to solve the problem.
Maintenance can turn the request into a work order or respond in several ways to the submitter.
Maintenance cans have effects.
Maintenance cans have harmful effects.
Maintenance cans have strong effects.
Maintenance classes Some of the local area bike shops offer education to the public.
Maintenance cleans the rooms.
Maintenance come in many forms.
Maintenance consists of cleaning interior and exterior exposed surfaces.
Maintenance consists of cleaning the refractor and replacing the lamp after it blows.
Maintenance consists of cleaning the strainer.
Maintenance consists of cold patching potholes, line striping, cleaning catch basins and sweeping.
Maintenance consists of keeping gutters and cistern screen clean.
Maintenance consists of occasionally digging sediment out of the forebay.
Maintenance consists of removing solids from the top of the sand bed every few months.
Maintenance consists of removing the cover to replace used cartridges.
Maintenance consists of soaking components in vinegar and scrubbing when required.
Maintenance consists of sustaining the required conditions for effective decomposition.
Maintenance consists of two maintenance technicians and two seasonal workers.
Maintenance consists of watering, deadheading and weeding one night a week at each site.
Maintenance consists of watering, fertilizing, use of pesticides, and mowing.
Maintenance continues through the summer with monthly route frequencies.
Maintenance continues to be performed by the city's designated mechanic.
Maintenance contributes to survival.
Maintenance controls evolution from service request to active work order.
Maintenance coordinates all of the preventative maintenance, periodic maintenance and major repairs.
Maintenance costs extra.
Maintenance costs money.
Maintenance costs to the user tend to vary depending on the amount of usage the stair lift gets.
Maintenance costs too much.
Maintenance covering multiple domains requires meetings by committees.
Maintenance covering two years from the date of purchase is available.
Maintenance depends on what needs fixing.
Maintenance done at home is a breakdown prevented on the road.
Maintenance doses of exogenous glucocorticoids are especially important during fasting.
Maintenance endowments for new and renovated buildings.
Maintenance etidronate in the prevention of malignancy-associated hypercalcemia.
Maintenance falls to the states, and law enforcement on the highways is a state responsibility.
Maintenance follows therapy.
Maintenance generally keeps two extra ballast kits on hand to use as necessary.
Maintenance generally terminates upon the death or remarriage of the receiving former spouse.
Maintenance Get a jump on tire problems by checking their condition every six months.
Maintenance handles all the tables.
Maintenance has a staff of three full time and six part time people.
Maintenance has environmental impacts both internal and external to the campus system.
Maintenance has the greatest variation.
Maintenance has two parts.
Maintenance here is defined as physical maintenance.
Maintenance however is still very crane- intensive.
Maintenance implies repairs of failing points and reduction of similar risks.
Maintenance includes a tune-up of oil filters, brake pads, chains and more.
Maintenance includes all minor and maintenance updates to versions of products.
Maintenance includes annual trimming, hazardous tree or limb removal and new plantings.
Maintenance includes automatic upgrades, software support and training.
Maintenance includes bug fixes and periodic updates with new versions.
Maintenance includes changes and additions made during the year.
Maintenance includes changing lamps and cleaning the surfaces that collect dirt.
Maintenance includes changing pictures, updating text, adding links or E-mail, etc.
Maintenance includes checking and changing batteries and electrode cables and pads.
Maintenance includes cleaning valve boxes, exercising valves, and general inspection.
Maintenance includes cleaning, TV inspection and vector control.
Maintenance includes code changes and extensive testing.
Maintenance includes electric.
Maintenance includes fertilization, pruning, cabling, and insect and disease control.
Maintenance includes flushing, pressure testing, lubricating, and painting.
Maintenance includes free routine updates to text and up to six photo changes per year.
Maintenance includes free software updates and technical support via our technical support number.
Maintenance includes free software upgrades and technical support.
Maintenance includes free software upgrades and unlimited email technical support.
Maintenance includes heating and air conditioning, electrical, plumbing, and other general repairs.
Maintenance includes installing upgrades or patches as appropriate.
Maintenance includes janitorial service.
Maintenance includes keeping the mirrors, lenses, and tabletop clean and free from debris.
Maintenance includes lubrication, adjustments and a general cleaning, inside and out.
Maintenance includes monthly modifications for content, inventory updates, etc.
Maintenance includes one major update per year.
Maintenance includes periodic checking of power consumption and water flow.
Maintenance includes plumbing repairs, painting, etc.
Maintenance includes processing, cataloging, and replacment of audiovisual materials in all formats.
Maintenance includes product upgrades.
Maintenance includes pruning, fertilizing, damage repair and control of pest problems.
Maintenance includes removal of bills and graffiti and changing of waste receptacles.
Maintenance includes renovation work.
Maintenance includes repair and in-kind replacement of the deteriorated parts of a building.
Maintenance includes respirator cleaning, inspection, storage, and repair.
Maintenance includes search engine registration and one month site modifications.
Maintenance includes security, disaster recovery and general software management.
Maintenance includes shelving, weeding and circulation of the materials.
Maintenance includes snow removal as well as repairs made to the lots.
Maintenance includes snow removal, ice control, litter, mowing, and traffic control devices.
Maintenance includes such things as watering, weeding, mulching and planting annual flowers.
Maintenance includes the timely removal of debris and rubbish.
Maintenance includes timely mowing, trimming trees and shrubs and picking up litter.
Maintenance includes updates and revisions of existing pages only.
Maintenance includes updating the site with new content or changing the design.
Maintenance includes upgrades and updates of material.
Maintenance includes upgrades for new features and updates for tax law changes.
Maintenance includes utilities and cable.
Maintenance includes watering, and removing fallen leaves, branches, and fruit debris.
Maintenance includes watering, weeding, mulching and planting annual flowers.
Maintenance includes weekly fence inspection and voltage checks.
Maintenance includes worming, vaccinations, toe nail trimming, and attention to nutrition.
Maintenance influences the entire operation, from product quality to on-time delivery.
Maintenance insures that the East parking lot is plowed so as to have a place to park cars.
Maintenance intends on introducing an email reporting system.
Maintenance involves an evaluation of existing equipment condition and relamping signal indications.
Maintenance involves either preventive maintenance, corrective maintenance, or modifications.
Maintenance involves making changes to a web site on a regular basis.
Maintenance involves pre-emptive work so that an item stays in working order.
Maintenance involves repairing damaged, worn or weathered signs in the field.
Maintenance involves two tasks.
Maintenance is a BIG expense of animal production.
Maintenance is a big factor in container gardening.
Maintenance is a breeze using the powerful editing features.
Maintenance is a breeze.
Maintenance is a command responsibility.
Maintenance is a constant task.
Maintenance is a cost center.
Maintenance is a function of the of floor's performance expectation at the time of selection.
Maintenance is a good example.
Maintenance is a hands on subject, an activity of direct contact.
Maintenance is a key.
Maintenance is a killer on the older vehicles.
Maintenance is a major effort and expense.
Maintenance is a primordial element.
Maintenance is a priority here.
Maintenance is a problem.
Maintenance is a repair
Maintenance is a requirement on virtually all ionizers to assure continued performance.
Maintenance is a significant component in the overall cost of a software system.
Maintenance is a significant component of daily energy intake in the pig.
Maintenance is a slow death.
Maintenance is a snap, since the retaining ring is easily removed for cleaning.
Maintenance is a snap.
Maintenance is a term that represents the combination of subscription and technical support.
Maintenance is a thing of the past.
Maintenance is a top priority of the City of Costa Mesa.
Maintenance is a very important consideration in the development of a landscape.
Maintenance is a very important part of any promotion program.
Maintenance is a vital part of every training program.
Maintenance is a welcome alternative to costly roof replacement.
Maintenance is about every three years.
Maintenance is about three dollars per point.
Maintenance is absolutely essential for the building to last long.
Maintenance is added for critical reinforcement.
Maintenance is almost nonexistant.
Maintenance is also a factor.
Maintenance is also a hard thing to sell.
Maintenance is also a key expense.
Maintenance is also a snap.
Maintenance is also hassle-free.
Maintenance is also important to maximize the life of any generator.
Maintenance is also light.
Maintenance is also more irregular and enforcement more difficult.
Maintenance is also much simpler.
Maintenance is also often more difficult.
Maintenance is also part of the firefighters training, by doing so they learn about the equipment.
Maintenance is also simple.
Maintenance is always less expensive than emergency road service.
Maintenance is an easy task to perform for unlimited wood protection.
Maintenance is an essential ingredient in the creation of a successful wildflower planting.
Maintenance is an essential part of any floor safety program.
Maintenance is an essential part of printer service.
Maintenance is an important part of life on the web.
Maintenance is an important part of the recovery program.
Maintenance is an often overlooked component.
Maintenance is an ongoing process.
Maintenance is another consideration.
Maintenance is another issue for surface applied applications.
Maintenance is another issue.
Maintenance is another key factor in the amount of hearing protection provided by crew helmets.
Maintenance is applied in a timely manner, and hardware is up to date.
Maintenance is arguably the most expensive part of any business system's life cycle.
Maintenance is arranged on a case by case basis.
Maintenance is as easy as dropping in a new exchange line.
Maintenance is as easy as occasionally hosing off the sidewalk.
Maintenance is as easy as scanning tags when needed.
Maintenance is as important as creation.
Maintenance is as important as skill.
Maintenance is as large as implementation.
Maintenance is as much art as it is science.
Maintenance is as simple as occasionally wiping the surface with a damp cloth.
Maintenance is as simple modifying the requirements and generating the system over again.
Maintenance is available at all times.
Maintenance is available at an additional charge.
Maintenance is available free of charge.
Maintenance is available on a contractual basis.
Maintenance is available.
Maintenance is bad.
Maintenance is billed annually from the date of purchase of the base product.
Maintenance is broken into two categories.
Maintenance is calculated by the body surface area method.
Maintenance is charged on an annual basis.
Maintenance is cheaper, as are our lease payments.
Maintenance is comparable to the steel girder.
Maintenance is complete.
Maintenance is completed before the library opens.
Maintenance is completed in minutes instead of hours.
Maintenance is conducted as scheduled and needed.
Maintenance is considered as part of the editorial changes referenced above.
Maintenance is convenient, too.
Maintenance is conventional engineering in nature.
Maintenance is costly and difficult.
Maintenance is co-terminus with the agreement with the state.
Maintenance is covered under the agreement.
Maintenance is critical.
Maintenance is crucial.
Maintenance is daily pay to workers who are unable to work pursuant to doctor's orders.
Maintenance is deferred.
Maintenance is different than field trades.
Maintenance is difficult to budget for.
Maintenance is difficult, and in cold weather, reliability of the system is questionable at best.
Maintenance is done by modification and then transformation of the original specification.
Maintenance is done by the Township usually through bids from private contractors.
Maintenance is done by trial and error.
Maintenance is done dynamically, transparent to the user.
Maintenance is done in South African and neighbouring countries.
Maintenance is done on an emergency basis rather than as part of regular upkeep.
Maintenance is done on the documented knowledge.
Maintenance is due on all reflection licenses.
Maintenance is easier and less frequent.
Maintenance is easier for both simulation code and description file.
Maintenance is easier.
Maintenance is easy and inexpensive.
Maintenance is easy and it is within the knowledge of the rural people.
Maintenance is easy and service time is minimized by exchange of modules.
Maintenance is easy through the use of computers.
Maintenance is easy, reliability the best, interest the most.
Maintenance is easy.
Maintenance is equally important.
Maintenance is especially important in areas where beavers are present.
Maintenance is essential to maximize the service life of existing roads and bridges.
Maintenance is essential.
Maintenance is excellent.
Maintenance is expensive, and poor-quality materials or construction requires greater maintenance.
Maintenance is extra.
Maintenance is extremely high.
Maintenance is for testing links and graphics.
Maintenance is for upkeep and when it breaks, somebody has to fix it.
Maintenance is from a Web Form.
Maintenance is funded by government sources, with participation by the residents themselves.
Maintenance is generally good and the neighborhood has a relatively high number of owner-occupants.
Maintenance is good about repairing things within a reasonable time.
Maintenance is good, all links and images work.
Maintenance is good, with regular patches roughly quarterly update releases.
Maintenance is good.
Maintenance is guaranteed, and at the same level for all.
Maintenance is high because it is a proportion of the value of the home.
Maintenance is higher for the rising-rate because there are more bearings to grease.
Maintenance is important because valves are required to function properly.
Maintenance is important for software products.
Maintenance is important in injury prevention.
Maintenance is important to ensure desired performance and to prolong equipment life.
Maintenance is important to keep meters accurate.
Maintenance is important, too.
Maintenance is important.
Maintenance is in addition to warranty.
Maintenance is in the form of a year's worth of software upgrades.
Maintenance is in the process of removing weight machines for storage or disposal.
Maintenance is included by the management.
Maintenance is included for one year and provides technical support and all product upgrades.
Maintenance is included in the monthly service cost.
Maintenance is included in the purchase price for the first year.
Maintenance is inexpensive.
Maintenance is irregular in many cases.
Maintenance is kept simple with easy to clean, stainless steel reservoir and removable drip tray.
Maintenance is kept simple, with dishwasher safe removable reservoir and drip tray.
Maintenance is kept to a bare minimum because parts are kept to a bare minimum.
Maintenance is key to maintaining the highest level of performance.
Maintenance is labor intensive and can be costly.
Maintenance is less of a concern as well because PLCs are designed with ease of maintenance in mind.
Maintenance is limited to cut grass.
Maintenance is limited to periodic calibration of the sensors.
Maintenance is limited to replacement of bulbs or other repair.
Maintenance is limited to trimming off the brown parts and weekly watering.
Maintenance is little if any.
Maintenance is low compared to other compaction equipment.
Maintenance is low cost.
Maintenance is low, and the wear and tear on a vehicle is significantly reduced.
Maintenance is low, but it is still important.
Maintenance is low.
Maintenance is made possible with easily replaceable reed plates.
Maintenance is maintenance.
Maintenance is minimal and there are no stems to replace or repair.
Maintenance is minimal due to our proprietary software package.
Maintenance is minimal on AEDs.
Maintenance is minimal owing to the simplicity of design.
Maintenance is minimal when operating under normal conditions.
Maintenance is minimal when properly installed.
Maintenance is minimal.
Maintenance is minimized by eliminating exposed wood.
Maintenance is minimized by structural encapsulation.
Maintenance is Mississippi's stumbling block on the facilities side.
Maintenance is money paid by a spouse to a former spouse to assist in the support of the ex-spouse.
Maintenance is more complex.
Maintenance is more difficult since code is required in multiple classes.
Maintenance is more the tactics, such as weeding, pruning and propagating.
Maintenance is much easier.
Maintenance is much the same as on a normal machine.
Maintenance is necessary to maintain longevity of the streets previously reconstructed.
Maintenance is needed for the defects noted.
Maintenance is needed for trees and rose bushes planted on the course.
Maintenance is needed.
Maintenance is negligible and is easy to perform when necessary.
Maintenance is negligible.
Maintenance is nothing new for catalogers.
Maintenance is now available via zaps.
Maintenance is of great importance for durability.
Maintenance is often the most overlooked aspect of a website.
Maintenance is often the phase where ewes are on pasture or some type of crop residue.
Maintenance is on going.
Maintenance is one of the biggest IT costs on the airline side.
Maintenance is one of the most serious aspects of ownership.
Maintenance is one such right.
Maintenance is ongoing by individual institutions.
Maintenance is optional yet highly recommended.
Maintenance is optional, but highly recommended.
Maintenance is optional.
Maintenance is outsourced.
Maintenance is over , Internet access back to normal at all locations.
Maintenance is part of interment fee.
Maintenance is part of stewardship.
Maintenance is performed at each visit.
Maintenance is performed both on equipment and off equipment.
Maintenance is performed by outside contract.
Maintenance is performed daily.
Maintenance is performed early to ensure perfect conditions for the players.
Maintenance is performed on site in a few hours, with basic hand tools and mechanical skills.
Maintenance is performed on the midnight shift.
Maintenance is performed to protect the routes and minimize the affects to soil and water resources.
Maintenance is performed to protect the routes and minimize the effects to soil and water resources.
Maintenance is perhaps a little more intensive than open circuit gear on most units.
Maintenance is poor.
Maintenance is predictable.
Maintenance is pretty easy.
Maintenance is pretty low.
Maintenance is primarily reactive.
Maintenance is problem-free and the chore of changing filter pads is eliminated.
Maintenance is programmed on a seven-year rotational schedule and applied as needed.
Maintenance is prompt, and campus housing is generally more secure than off-campus dwellings.
Maintenance is prorated on a semiannual basis for any product licensed after the initial order date.
Maintenance is prorated on a semiannual basis for any product licensed after the initial order.
Maintenance is prorated on a semi-annual basis for any product licensed after the initial order.
Maintenance is prorated on a semi-annual basis for any product licensed after the initianl order.
Maintenance is prospective and deals with future support.
Maintenance is provided by a maintenance chief and two technicians.
Maintenance is provided by volunteer editors.
Maintenance is provided for in Sec.
Maintenance is provided free to employees.
Maintenance is provided on all hardware provided as part of the standard seat.
Maintenance is provided on an ongoing basis.
Maintenance is quick and easy.
Maintenance is quite simple and takes only about an hour a year.
Maintenance is rather simple, but tedious.
Maintenance is really an ongoing project.
Maintenance is recognized six months after successful cessation.
Maintenance is reduced also, because obviously adjustment is taken up automatically.
Maintenance is reduced because our special slot design creates a plug-resistant screen.
Maintenance is relatively cheap.
Maintenance is relatively high.
Maintenance is relatively simple.
Maintenance is required as it is in any landscaped area.
Maintenance is required but is minimal.
Maintenance is required but minimal.
Maintenance is required to keep the topiary's shape.
Maintenance is required with any and all optional modules.
Maintenance is Required.
Maintenance is scheduled according to team members' and supported staff members' availability.
Maintenance is scheduled to be as least disruptive as possible.
Maintenance is simple and less expensive due to fewer components.
Maintenance is simple and low cost with collector pads that are replaced only as necessary.
Maintenance is simple and routine.
Maintenance is simple.
Maintenance is simpler, operating costs are lower, and management flexibility is nearly limitless.
Maintenance is simplified and quality guaranteed.
Maintenance is simplified since the user interface can be customized without changing the host code.
Maintenance is simplified, reliability is improved and electrical noise is reduced.
Maintenance is simplified.
Maintenance is software development.
Maintenance is something discussed early on in the planning stages before design.
Maintenance is something that is very essential in a good internet presence.
Maintenance is something that's like the tide.
Maintenance is stressed.
Maintenance is supervised by a volunteer committee, which is completely funded by donations.
Maintenance is support.
Maintenance is the bug-bear of the property management industry.
Maintenance is the cost of food and lodging, and transportation to and from a medical facility.
Maintenance is the daily operations that keep the transportation system safe, clean, and efficient.
Maintenance is the difference.
Maintenance is the final step.
Maintenance is the focus here.
Maintenance is the heart that keeps ADOT going.
Maintenance is the key factor in determining the life-time of a syringe.
Maintenance is the key to a lasting septic disposal system.
Maintenance is the key to consistent, successful use.
Maintenance is the key to having an effective web presence.
Maintenance is the key.
Maintenance is the long haul, for most people, a lifetime commitment.
Maintenance is the most important part.
Maintenance is the most important thing.
Maintenance is the most likely area of conflict.
Maintenance is the next stage, and a difficult one.
Maintenance is the number one marketing aid for the office leasing function.
Maintenance is the process that preserves or restores a desired state of a system or facility.
Maintenance is the reason most landowners complain about town highways.
Maintenance is the responsibility of the building owner.
Maintenance is the responsibility of the lessee.
Maintenance is the responsibility of the neighborhood.
Maintenance is the same as for natural teeth.
Maintenance is the sole responsibility of the technology department only.
Maintenance is the stage when a person tries to stabilize the behavior change and prevent relapse.
Maintenance is the term for routine repairs and adjustments of a non-emergency nature.
Maintenance is the third work unit.
Maintenance is the unit's proportional share of the cost of operating the building at break-even.
Maintenance is the watchword.
Maintenance is therefore also one of the main activities.
Maintenance is therefore the responsibility of the development for that period.
Maintenance is totally voluntary.
Maintenance is treated seperately.
Maintenance is tricky.
Maintenance is underway in other areas.
Maintenance is unnecessary.
Maintenance is usually annual, and sometimes quite expensive.
Maintenance is usually only annual and carried out by someone else.
Maintenance is valid for the duration of the Select contract period.
Maintenance is very dependent on the amount of human input available.
Maintenance is very important to a professional web site.
Maintenance is very important.
Maintenance is very low since the unit can be unattended for long periods of time.
Maintenance is very low.
Maintenance is very simple.
Maintenance is very widely available, but original spare parts are rare.
Maintenance is vital for the prevention of chimney fires.
Maintenance is vital to keep a pond in good condition so it can perform the intended purpose.
Maintenance is weekly and usually takes about an hour.
Maintenance is what used to be known as alimony.
Maintenance is with the same dose, once daily.
Maintenance is, in fact, a profit center that generates production capacity.
Maintenance isa improvement.
Maintenance just makes things worse.
Maintenance keeps records current and accurate.
Maintenance Let's be realistic.
Maintenance log available.
Maintenance maintains the buildings themselves.
Maintenance Make sure that printers are working properly at all the times.
Maintenance makes sense.
Maintenance makes sure that the grounds and facilities are clean.
Maintenance means all actions to retain the materiel in or restore it to a specified condition.
Maintenance means different things to different software vendors.
Maintenance means food, shelter and laundry services.
Maintenance means the removal of accumulated debris and sediment.
Maintenance means to keep in existence or continuance.
Maintenance moves the product to the left on the failure rate function.
Maintenance needs analysis.
Maintenance needs and procedures at the auditorium.
Maintenance needs of assigned facilities.
Maintenance needs on baseball field.
Maintenance needs to be addressed.
Maintenance needs to be discussed.
Maintenance needs to be requested a week in advance.
Maintenance needs vary depending on vehicle use and driving conditions.
Maintenance needs vary with different uses and driving conditions.
Maintenance Never use water on wood.
Maintenance occurs in winter.
Maintenance offers support to the scheduled airlines and the general aviation community.
Maintenance operates a campus-wide computing equipment repair service.
Maintenance outsourcing management truly, totally proves of and network department remote.
Maintenance overhead is never more than the unavoidable.
Maintenance -Oversees property maintenance of grounds, building facilities and guest rooms.
Maintenance plan to keep sidewalks clear and usable.
Maintenance provides staff for emergency repairs, along with weekly clinic.
Maintenance provides technical support and product updates for the maintenance period.
Maintenance provides two updates per year of the libraries, tools, and standard objects.
Maintenance provides two updates per year.
Maintenance provides upgrades, updates and bug fixes for two years.
Maintenance provides users with updates to their licensed versions of Retina.
Maintenance pruning of shelterbelts is practised for three main reasons.
Maintenance pruning only is required after that to remove dead or damaged wood.
Maintenance receives call from the monitor that an elevator problem has been reported.
Maintenance records back to date of purchase.
Maintenance records on request.
Maintenance reduces bacterial contamination.
Maintenance reduces contamination.
Maintenance refers to providing food, shelter, and rehabilitation while the seaman is injured.
Maintenance remains appalling, with equipment, including guns, lying around in unsecured piles.
Maintenance requires extensive use of hands and arms.
Maintenance requires improvement.
Maintenance requires management.
Maintenance requires only minutes per week.
Maintenance requires presence.
Maintenance requires replacement of the bearing.
Maintenance requires tailoring treatment modality to the patient's convenience.
Maintenance seems to be unknown here.
Maintenance seems to have been reduced as far as is possible.
Maintenance skills a plus, growth potential, salary depending on experience.
Maintenance skills a plus.
Maintenance starts immediately upon purchase .
Maintenance take place in The Netherlands and they are kept in NS livery.
Maintenance takes a bunch of hours.
Maintenance takes a couple of hours per month on weekends.
Maintenance takes on an entirely new definition when it is informed by an ecological approach.
Maintenance takes place when an issue is checked in for periodical subscriptions.
Maintenance takes time, and the expenditure of time requires dedication.
Maintenance takes time.
Maintenance Talk about a job. . .
Maintenance tasking capabilities allow a user to restart both a Web server and an entire computer.
Maintenance Use direct mail to solicit.
Maintenance wants to know when the line is down and why.
Maintenance Welcome to our niche on the net.
Maintenance work along the banks of an old drainage canal, to increase it s ecological value.
Maintenance work along the banks of an old drainage canal, to increase it's ecological value.
Maintenance work in and around the farm buidlings.
Maintenance works to bridge abutments and columns.
Maintenance works to bridge deck and parapets.
Maintenance works to bridge decks and parapets.
Maintenance often has a greater influence than design on a course's difficulty and speed of play.
Maintenance usually consists of replacing the bulb and cleaning the unit annually.
Maintenance usually includes technical support and updates.
All maintenance is browser-based and easy to set up.
All maintenance is contracted.
All maintenance is disregarded.
All maintenance is done as required or when requested only.
All maintenance is done by the owner, including adding and deleting addresses.
All maintenance is done on an hourly basis.
All maintenance is done on time, by the book, by outside professionals.
All maintenance is done through a web interface.
All maintenance is done via the web.
All maintenance is handled directly through our office.
All maintenance is included, and attached garages enhance security.
All maintenance is performed in company shops.
All maintenance is performed over the Internet.
All maintenance is provided by a professional on-site management team.
All maintenance is up to date.
All maintenance records All scheduled oil changes.
Any maintenance is subject to additional fees.
More maintenance is required with plastic fences than with wood fences.
Most maintenance follows therapy.
Most maintenance is done in-house by highly skilled equipment technicians.
Most maintenance is performed on a weekly or bimonthly basis.
Most maintenance reduces bacterial contamination.
Most maintenance reduces contamination.
Most maintenance requires improvement.
Most maintenance requires management.
Most maintenance requires presence.
Some maintenance fixes to the user interface and mathematical libraries.
Some maintenance increases likelihood.
Some maintenance is done annually to perpetuate and enhance the fuel break.
Some maintenance is done by other organizations.
Some maintenance is needed to attain a clean habit and to control the suckers, if desired.
Some maintenance is required.
Some maintenance is time critical, especially security-related upgrades.
Some maintenance requires attention.
Some maintenance requires careful attention.
Some maintenance requires fire.
Mair ad comes from a family with a strong seafaring tradition.
Mair ad is one of Ireland's most decorated sportswomen.
Maize flour looks like mashed potatoes.
Maize mazes continue the tradition.
Maize plants are also herbaceous.
Maize pollen can disperse with the wind over long distances.
Maize pollen is collected and filtered to eliminate anthers.
Maize price refers to durum dry maize.
Maize production is particularly important in the north, north-east and central regions.
Maize streak is harmless if it occurs more than eight weeks after the maize crop has germinated.
Maize accounts for three-quarters of total cereal production in southern Africa.
Maize canopies under two soil water regimes.
Maize is plants.
Maize is yellow
Maize reaches home plate and stops on it.
Many maize growing environments in southern Africa are drought-prone and crop failures are common.
More maize is harvested each year than any other grain.
Majestic beasts walk in the classroom, and proudly display their fallacies.
Majestic caverns filled with ancient and colorful calcite formations await the curious.
Majestic elms line either side of the mall.
Many majestic homes line the main drive through town.
Majestic mansions rise, turrets looming eerily over sad slums.
Majestic mountains form a barrier to the winds and are the major factor controlling rainfall.
Majestic mountains surround high desert and national forest lands.
Majestic music echoes through the stadium as helpers sprinkle couples with holy water.
Majestic oaks line the fairways, which are also home to deer and wild turkeys in the region.
Majestic peaks soar with a timeless air of watchfulness.
Majestic pines frame the blue sky.
Majestic rivers wind there way through deep valleys on the way to the sea.
Majestic sights adourn the trails with panoramic views of the north-east coast of the island.
Majestic structures get as little respect in Russia as they sometimes do in the United States.
Majestic tigers grace posters on bedroom walls, and pandas inspire tons of cuddly stuffed toys.
Majestic trees frame many of the holes.
A majesty is excellence
Majesties is anything but focused.
Majesty isa excellence.
Major accidents are inevitable if nuclear materials continue to be sent into space.
Any major accident is also the responsibility of the driver.
Major accomplishments are that the property has been purchased and the site has been cleared.
Major acquisitions follow standard, cumbersome and time-consuming procurement laws.
Some major acts use bracelets to prevent students from camping out for tickets.
Major actions require more than a simple majority.
All major actions are available via the menu bar, thus navigation is simple and quick.
Any major action lies well in the future.
Major activities are as follows.
Major activities are commerce and banking, but no official figures are available.
Major activities are farming and cattle and swineraising.
Major activities are membership drive, publicity of fund raising events amongst others.
Major activities are sponsorship programs in Guatemala, Tanzania, the Philippines, and Poland.
Major activity is active participation in the outpatient medical oncology clinic.
Major activity is alteration of ribosomal function.
All major activities are well under cover and the festival is handicapped accessible.
Many major activities participate in more than one function.
Major addition is a language option, currently french and german.
Major Additions Find out about new additions to the genealogical collection.
Major address is set for today in Michigan.
Major advances are possible with simple modifications to existing weapons.
Major advances begin with a new metaphor.
Major advances continue to occur in software, hardware, and telecommunications.
Major advantage is NO upfront fees.
Major advantage is the multiplier when fighting infantry in a simulated.
Major advantage is to present an organized structure and process for healthcare delivery.
Some major advantage has electricity.
Major advertisers agree that one of the most powerful motivators of the consumer, is music.
Major advertisers are no longer content to just buy pages.
Major advertisers submit camera ready ads to the papers.
Major advisers guide students progress toward their chosen degree goals.
Major advisors are also available within each department or program.
Major advisors are typically busy during the year assisting continuing students.
Major aftershocks create new fears and more damage and hamper rescuers tunneling beneath the rubble.
Most major agencies create their own strategic plans, but there is no requirement that they do so.
Major airlines call it the single most-effective security technique they have.
Major airlines connect via Asia and Australia.
Major airlines consider discounted Web fares.
Major airlines do it by offering online reservations.
Major airlines fare consolidator for international travel to Latin America.
Major airlines fly to Japan on a regular basis.
Major airlines have orders for more airplanes, budgets for bigger and better airplanes.
Major airlines offer connecting flights to Jackson form Denver and Salt Lake City.
Major airlines offer direct and connecting flights for travel within the USA and Mexico.
Major airlines serve the Memphis airport and have reservation offices in the area.
Major airlines use the airport, with flights arriving and departing daily from all major cities.
All major airlines fly into Logan.
All major airlines fly to Panama.
All major airlines have a service to Johannesburg.
All major airlines have flights into Atlanta.
All major airlines have lots of scheduled flights into Istanbul.
All major airlines offer a wide variety of special meals available to all passengers.
All major airlines offer fast nonstop and direct service to Miami, Orlando and Tampa.
All major airlines serve the facility.
Every major airline accepts more reservations for flights than it has seats available.
Every major airline has at least one, sometimes several, fortress hubs.
Many major airlines fly to Israel.
Many major airlines offer their own wireless services.
Many major airlines produce senior flight coupons.
Many major airlines provide daily air service to Salt Lake City.
Many major airlines serve Bahrain's modern international airport.
Many major airlines serve Salt Lake City from the D.C. area.
Many major airlines use the plane and the royal family has three.
Most major airlines decide to take new strategies for the competition in the air cargo industry.
Most major airlines fly directly to Belize.
Most major airlines fly in to Reno.
Most major airlines fly into Albuquerque.
Most major airlines fly into both airports.
Most major airlines fly into Cairo.
Most major airlines fly into Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Louisville airports.
Most major airlines fly into Indianapolis.
Most major airlines fly into Mexico.
Most major airlines fly into Newark and Philadelphia.
Most major airlines fly into Ontario.
Most major airlines fly to Bombay and accept commercial cargo.
Most major airlines fly to Israel.
Most major airlines have mileage donation programs.
Most major airlines have programs that let older travelers cut the cost of flying.
Most major airlines have websites with a feedback section.
Most major airlines provide air cargo service.
Most major airlines provide daily international flights to Miami.
Most major airlines provide service from Tampa.
Most major airlines schedule regular flights to Washington and Richmond.
Most major airlines serve Sana'a.
Most major airlines service the airport.
Some major airlines run both types of operation.
Major airports are in Bangor and Portland.
Major airports lack sufficient gates, and airline fleets are short on seats.
All major airports are on lockdown and many government buildings have been evacuated.
All major airports are open.
All major airports offer two convenient parking options.
Every major airport has it's own three letter airport code.
Major alarms affect several subscribers who connect to the reporting node.
Major alarms are of the emergency or critical nature.
Major amendments require the same type of review as new protocols.
Major anesthetics circulate through the entire body and have stronger actions on the nervous system.
All major animal clippers.
Some major animals are sharks, fish, and whales.
Major annexations mean significant shifts in revenue, resources and responsibilities.
Major apple producing districts of Washington remain free of apple maggot.
Major appliances are considerably different from most other plumbing fixtures.
Major appliances are located in boxs.
Major appliances can be hundreds of pounds.
Major appliances convey.
Major applications are flexible printed circuit boards and other electronics applications.
Major applications are in Internet telephony and video conferencing.
Major applications are in radioastronomy.
Major applications are in the food, agricultural, fragrance, essential oil and botanical areas.
Major applications are tapes and labels.
Every major application has a file type that defines the medium.
Most major applications come with a .CTL file, making installation much simpler.
Major areas are general contractors, special trade contractors, and operative builders.
Major areas are production programming and postproduction handling of flowering and foliage crops.
Major areas are safety management, health-related aspects, and safety engineering controls.
Major areas covered include comprehension, vocabulary development, rate and study skills.
Major areas have grow seasons.
Major areas have seasons.
Major areas involve capital projects, and coordination of moves.
Major areas involve turfgrass culture, evaluation, and improvement.
Major areas overseen by the ministry include electricity, natural gas, oil, oil sands and coal.
Major areas represented are Africa, Oceania, and Southeast Asia.
All major areas are frames-free so bookmarks work properly.
Every major area has a unique musical theme which brings the entire game to life.
Most major areas have grow seasons.
Most major areas have seasons.
Major arguments re.
Major art shows.
Major arteries are open now with spot closures.
Some major arteries supply flippers.
Major articles remain painstaking, long and full. . . .
All major articles are juried.
All major articles have lists of additional resource materials at the end of the article.
Every major article is outlined.
Major artists cut and demo here in the country.
Every major artist is featured here .
Some major artists are angry at the loss of control over their work.
Major aspects are verification and validation.
Major aspects considered are numerical behavior and information processing.
Major assignment involves designing, implementing, and reporting an individual project.
Major Assignments Anticipate nine writing assignments.
Major assignments are equivalent to a examination.
Major assignments Create an introduction to a software program or system.
Major assignments rotate from office to office, and much is handled on an ad hoc basis.
All major assignments missed are due the next class period.
Major assistance is charged at competitive rates.
Most major associations insist on a minimum one year training program.
Major attention focuses on atonement and reconciliation.
Major attention focuses on joint and combined perspectives at the theater level or above.
Major attention is given to issues of renewal of the believers church vision.
Major attention is given to joint and allied perspectives at the theater level or above.
Major attention is given to social forces shaping changes in land use.
Major attention is on the structure and function of marine ecosystems.
Major attention is paid to cattle and swine raising, and dairying.
Major attractions are also open almost every day.
Major attractions are remote hill-tribe villages.
Major attractions are wheelchair accessible.
Major attractions surround the hotel.
All major attractions are a short train, bus, taxi or bicycle ride away.
All major attractions are free.
All major attractions are within reasonable walking distance and can be reached by sidewalks.
Many major attractions are close by.
Most major attractions are open year round.
Some major attraction provides products.
Major authenticity relates to a tradition itself, that is, the authenticity of the tradition itself.
Most major authors find their way here to autograph and read new books or to speak.
Major automakers endorse the use of cleaner-burning gasoline in their vehicles.
Major Avenues named for U.S. states run diagonally across the grid.
Major averages extend rally.
Major banks have their own publications for export finance facilitation services.
Major banks hold a mountain of problem loans.
All major banks are here and all major credit cards are readily accepted.
All major banks have many branches in each city and regional centres.
All major banks use credit reference agencies to check addresses and verify identities.
Many major banks offer student loans, student lines of credit and student credit cards.
Many major banks reimburse even sooner, within two or three days.
Most major banks are well on their way toward fixing their systems.
Most major banks have ATMs which give cash advances on credit cards.
Most major banks participate in direct deposit.
Most major banks provide easy exchange facilities.
More major bankruptcies are imminent.
Major barriers are family and personal law, which vary greatly from the secular state law.
Major barriers restrict entry to the phosphate industry.
Major battles loom again in some areas, to be sure.
Major benefit seems to be in regard to rate of recovery.
Major benefits are comfort, free from administrative hassels and controlled operational costs.
Major benefits are constant cow flow with operator standing in one place.
Major benefits are increased soil conservation and potential for reduced input costs.
Major benefits are the auto-open feature when carrying bulky items, and no more fumbling with keys.
Major benefits are wildlife habitat enhancement, future timber crops, and watershed protection.
Major benefits can arise from offering positive opportunities and role models to young people.
Major benefits reported are higher energy, more stamina, less illness, and maybe even regularity.
All major benefits paid by company, relocation is paid.
Major bills continue to move through the process.
Major bills have many issues and components.
Major birthplaces remain overwhelmingly the UK, New Zealand and Europe.
Major blood vessels carry blood.
Major bond indices only.
All major bones show new, hairline cracks, usually oriented along collagen fibers.
Major bookstores carry books about every popular software application used today.
Major bookstores don t buy books directly from the publisher but only from a distributor.
Any major bookstore can order it.
Major bottlenecks exist in many administrative processes which cause unnecessary time delays.
Major bottoms are usually calmer, with low volatility , as the hopes for quick profits have faded.
Major boundaries are headings, lists, tables, list items and paragraphs.
Major boundaries indicate mass extinctions.
Some major brans use soy protein to lower the fat while keeping the flavor.
Major branches are abundant and minor rootlets almost innumerable.
Major branches give rise to less major ones.
Every major branch has dedicated adherents here practicing the gentle tenets of their teachers.
Major brands are available.
Major brands are avilable for sale.
Major brands remain most popular.
All major brands are available and very low prices.
All major brands are available.
All major brands are fine.
Most major brands are available.
Most major brands do that to some extent.
Some major brands use soy protein to lower the fat while keeping the flavor.
Major breakthrough is at hand.
Major breakthroughs are slow to be recognized and are often ostracized.
Most major breeds can trace back to the arabian horse.
Most major breeds have affiliated rescue groups.
Major bridges contain elements of both heavy and highway construction.
Most major brokerages offer online trading through their Web sites.
Major browsers send back to server in the character encoding being used in the form.
All major browsers are free.
Major bug fixes to X graphics error and color handling.
Major bug fixes, tunnelling works, overhauls in accessory handling.
Some major bug fixes, too.
Some major bug fixes.
Every major builder is sold out for several years.
Most major builders agree that homebuyers have become far more sophisticated.
Every major building has at least one radio.
Major bulkheads are eliminated, permitting an incredibly spacious interior.
All major bulkheads are glassed in place.
Major burns involve blistering, charred tissue, chemical or electric burns.
Major burns require lifelong management as scars continue to heal and change for several years.
Major burns require the help of a professional.
Major business is international trade, including exports and imports, and offshore and domestic.
Major businesses look for stability and predictability.
Major buyers are Austria and Germany.
Major buyers are the enterprises of fishing industry and the general population.
Major buyers are Zimbabwe, Zambia, South Africa and Europe.
Major buyers are Zimbabwe, Zambia, South Africa and European countries.
Major calamities are often hard to see coming.
All major campgrounds have trailer dump stations.
Major campuses are at New Brunswick and Newark.
All major campuses are wheelchair accessible.
Every major cancer is addressed concisely.
Some major capitals offer also a radio-taxi service with more comfort.
All major car hire companies have offices in Montreal as well as a number of local operators.
Major cards welcome.
All major cards are welcome.
All major cards welcome.
Major care includes crowns, bridges, and dentures.
Major cargo is coal, ore, fertilizer, grain and steel products etc.
Major cargoes are oil and refined products, grain, cotton, and chemicals.
All major carmakers develop hydrogen propulsion.
Major carp can and do get into the polders but only in small numbers.
Major carriers allocate considerable resources to marketing efforts.
Major carriers fly into an international airport in Jacksonville.
Major carriers have daily pick-up and delivery throughout the county.
Major carriers have limitations on how many policies they can issue per month.
Major carriers have more leverage in buying fuel than the small, independent airlines.
Major carriers provide all services.
All major carriers are available.
All major carriers offer international calling cards.
Most major carriers are adept at letting customers plot flights and order tickets online.
Most major carriers serve Milwaukee.
Most major casinos provide foreign currency exchange as a service to their customers.
Some major catastrophes do drive increases in premiums.
Major categories appear at least once per year.
Major categories are air harmonization equipment, coil fan units, clean room equipment, others.
Major categories are author, title, source and subject.
Major categories are automotive, recruitment, real estate and merchandise.
Major categories are hymns and chorales, dances, songs, and excerpts from larger instrumental works.
Major categories are kids, teachers, themes, and online resources.
Major categories reflect the type of action each activity primarily targets.
All major categories are searchable.
All major categories have from four to eight sub-categories.
Major cathedrals abound with scores of dark-skinned icons.
Major cattle drives late spring through fall.
Major causes are head injuries, tumors and circulatory problems.
Major causes are problems in pregnancy, birth defects, injuries, infections and fever.
Some major causes drive fiery protests.
Some major causes drive protests.
Most major censuses are available at least on microfilm at other area libraries.
All major centres have a post office which is open during normal bossiness hours.
Most major centres have a golf course.
Many major chains have properties here, also.
Many major chains have properties on the island.
Many major chains use table tents because they know table tents sell products.
Major challenges are to increase data accessibility and availability.
Major challenges are to modify process changes and automate sequence finishing.
Major challenges are to sustain programs and to sustain the depth of learning of the content.
Major challenges remain.
Major change demands the attention of parents as well as the full range of school personnel.
Major change is inevitable, but one hopes it is well thought out.
Major change is now on the agenda.
Major change is that all licencing restrictions are removed.
Major change is the use of binary data files.
Major change is to bulletize existing text, spelling out the existing text more clearly.
Major change occurs most often at times of great social and political change.
Major changes afoot.
Major changes are afoot at all three schools.
Major changes are afoot, starting in the first quarter of the new millennium.
Major changes are also likely in the economics of networking and networked information.
Major changes are also underway today.
Major changes are as follows.
Major changes are clearly on the way.
Major changes are currently underway to renew Manitoba's educational system.
Major changes are envisaged.
Major changes are here.
Major changes are in store for next-generation optical networks.
Major changes are in store for the web site and look for a brand new look later in the season.
Major changes are in the works for funding year three.
Major changes are in the works for the ISPs area.
Major changes are in the works for the serving and eating areas of the galley next winter, too.
Major changes are mandatory.
Major changes are on the horizon.
Major changes are on the server side.
Major changes are on the way, though.
Major changes are possible in personal habit patterns and understandings.
Major changes are still under way.
Major changes are the improved server-side XML handling, several bug corrections, and DoS fixes.
Major changes are triggers, speedwalking and logging.
Major changes are underway with our site.
Major changes are unlikely and require consultation with students.
Major changes are unlikely in the near future.
Major changes being made so come check out the new site.
Major changes bring threats and opportunities for all health disciplines.
Major changes can make the device inherently safer at minimal cost.
Major changes driven by technology can happen relatively quickly in the economy.
Major changes involve adding a whole new set of sentences.
Major changes make major ripples.
Major changes occur in boys.
Major changes occur when a company restructures or downsize.
Major changes require a change order attached to the contract signed by both parties.
Major changes require a new application.
Major changes require a replot of the entire map.
Major changes seem to happen ever five years or so.
Major changes take time.
All major changes demand the active support of many individuals and groups.
All major changes have unpredictable ramifications.
Any major change is a stressful and difficult process, for institutions as well as for individuals.
Any major change requires a courageous fight.
Any major changes cause added stress.
Every major change brings both opportunity and threat.
More major change is inevitable.
Some major changes are in the works for Lynchburg's largest employer today.
Major characters are readily identifiable by the predominant colors of their costumes.
Major characters are readily identifiable by the predominant colours of their costumes.
Major characters are very rich, with serious flaws.
Major characters can die at any time .
Major characters can die at any time.
Major characters can die.
Major characters distinguish patterns.
All major characters get into the spotlight in the gallery.
Every major character fights demons to find redemption, transformation, and victory.
Every major character has a soft spot which livens up even stereotypes.
Every major character is anesthetized with some drink, drug, neurosis, or insane withdrawal.
Every major character is extremely well portrayed and fleshed out.
Every major character struggles with accountability in one form or another.
Most major characters distinguish patterns.
Most major characters seem to be bisexual.
Some major characters do battles.
Some major chefs hang out here.
Major chords have a distinctive sound.
Major chords sound brighter and more cheerful than minor chords.
Major chords sound like augmented ones.
Every major church is represented and there are a couple of private church schools as well.
Major cities are easily accessible.
Major cities are showcases for development gone wrong.
Major cities deal with the same kinds of problems in their downtown areas.
Major cities Find out more about some of the beauiful cities of Spain and Portugal.
Major cities get the lion's share of specialty products in stores.
Major cities have airports.
Major cities have bus services and inter city bus transport is readily available.
Major cities have bus terminals, and every town in America has a bus stop of some kind.
Major cities have climates.
Major cities have regular events, such as the Edinburgh Festival.
Major cities have separate strip maps showing major streets and a blow-up of the downtown area.
Major cities have several air-conditioned shopping complexes.
Major cities increase their use of mass transit to reduce air pollution.
Major cities provide a related analogy.
Major cities show without national borders and colors represent temperature zones.
All major cities are involved, and replacements are to be low-rise and scattered.
All major cities enjoy similar strengths in the transportation category.
All major cities have a number of hotels each.
All major cities have trams and bus services that are convenient and inexpensive.
Any major city can.
Any major city has the potential for riot and looting.
Every major city has a dean of the diplomatic corps or the consular service.
Every major city has a general shopping area.
Every major city has a homosexual newspaper.
Every major city has a magnificent church.
Every major city has a moment at which it becomes what it is known to be.
Every major city has a professional soccer team and more than one basketball team.
Every major city has a ton of job placement agencies.
Every major city has areas that have higher crime rates than others.
Every major city has basic courts and intermediate courts.
Every major city has museums and libraries that feature material on that city.
Every major city has one.
Every major city has theatres where American, British and Indian films are screened.
Every major city is there, linked by lines to show the main movement routes.
Many major cities are all within a day's reach.
Many major cities have private citizens organizations that focus on foreign affairs.
Many major cities use ozone today, the largest in the world being Dallas, Texas.
Most major cities are in level areas along an ocean bay, large lake, or navigable river.
Most major cities have a gay and lesbian hotline.
Most major cities have a Japanese community large enough to support a Japanese bookstore or two.
Most major cities have a lesbian and gay hotline.
Most major cities have at least two gay papers.
Most major cities have bicycle tracks.
Most major cities have botanical gardens.
Most major cities have climates.
Most major cities have excellent resources for voter registration.
Most major cities have one or more teaching hospitals.
Most major cities have one.
Most major Cities have one.
Most major cities have some kind of science museum.
Most major cities have theatre companies who put on theatre productions with volunteer actors.
Most major cities have their own news hierarchy for similar purposes.
Most major cities have their own similar set of newsgroups.
Most major cities have weekly training, supplemented by regional monthly training.
Most major cities offer several convention facilities for different types of events.
Most major cities sponsor trade shows.
Some major cities are even quicker.
All major civilizations commit suicide.
Major clades tend to have restricted distributions - Tree frogs are restricted to South America.
Major clans can have thousands of members, each claiming descent from a common ancestor.
All major classes count as two periods a day, unless otherwise noted.
Major claw is almost twice the length of the minor claw.
Major clients are able to have proceeds from sales processed directly to their bank account.
Major clients post projects aimed at contracting smaller companies.
Major clients seem to agree.
Some major clients concur.
Major climate changes in geologic past.
Major cloud plumes in the Arctic and their relation to fronts and ice movement.
Most major clubs rely on that formula.
Major codes indicate to the university the student s declared major.
Major collapse requires full resuscitation.
Major collections are devoted to aromatic herbs, begonias, ferns, orchids, and succulents.
Major Collections Following is a list of some of our major microform collections.
All major colleges conduct fund raising annually.
Major commands sit on top of a skip-echelon structure.
All major committees have parents and students involved in planning and implementation.
Major commodities are broilers, turkeys, wheat and soybeans, beef cattle, nursery and horticulture.
Major commodities are petroleum products, fertilizer, chemicals, and farm supplies.
Major commodities are steel, forestry products, marble and granite blocks.
Major commodities imported by China from Guinea are logs, converted timber and cotton.
All major communities have their own rabbis.
Major companies are able to sell some very poor products.
Major companies are among the most rapt listeners.
Major companies are business.
Major companies are more supportive of their corporate headquarters cities.
Major companies are now able to build roads and airports as well as harbours.
Major companies are ready to produce such fuels.
Major companies conduct many research plot and on-farm trials throughout the country.
Major companies focus on the teen and younger market to build brand familiarity.
Major companies have agencies at the airport and in Nassau.
Major companies have attractive employment packages to retain and recruit key personnel.
Major companies have events.
Major companies have specialists who have analyzed their products for potential problems.
Major companies have Web sites for browsing.
Major companies relocate here.
Major companies spend millions creating elaborate web advertising.
Major companies use it because it reaches the widest possible audience of PR pros.
Major companies use vacation placements for penultimate year students as a means of recruitment.
Major companies visit the campus to recruit graduates.
All major companies are already present in Geneva.
All major companies offer numerous options to add a bit of style to a standard door.
Every major company has a site on the Web.
Every major company seems to either make their own Autocockers, or their own parts.
Every major company serves the business district.
Many major companies carry on expensive programs to provide basic education for their employees.
Many major companies conduct personal interviews on campus.
Many major companies have internships available.
Many major companies have large operations in the area.
Many major companies produce products in more than one industry.
Many major companies use their designs.
Most major companies cite international expansion as a growth opportunity.
Most major companies come here to interview, or they can access the web-based resume book.
Most major companies customize their IT applications.
Most major companies have a web site that lists their software and which versions are compliant.
Most major companies have an outside submission procedure.
Most major companies have commercial sites to promote their products.
Most major companies have their own schools.
Most major companies hire branding specialists to develop trademarks that meet marketing needs.
Most major companies offer free a browser for personal use.
Most major companies search before filing for or adopting trademarks.
Some major companies do tend to stand out through their advertising.
Major compensation comes from the commission for resource sales at the seminars and workshops.
Major compensation comes from the commission of resource sales at the seminars and workshops.
Major competitor is the UK, and to some extent North America.
Major competitors are Switzerland, the UK, Germany, China, and Japan.
Major complication is probably laminitis.
Major complications are extremely rare.
Major complications are infrequent and minor complications are avoidable or treatable.
Major complications are rare but include hemorrhage, secondary local infection and meningitis.
Major complications are rare.
Major complications are unusual.
Major complications can include orbital hemorrhage, muscle restriction, and infrequent blindness.
Major component is keratin.
Major components are duodenum, jejunum and ileum.
Major components are marketing costs, overhead, corporate salaries, and research and development.
All major components are accurately laser cut for easy building.
All major components are detachable and exchangeable without tools.
All major components are in place with special emphasis on fruity quality.
All major components are then physically or visually connected to the spine.
All major components live in their own files including most classes.
Some major components have options.
Major concepts are reflection, refraction and dispersion.
Major concepts relate to activities.
Major concepts served include restaurant, hospitality, and petroleum.
Most major concepts relate to activities.
Major concern is in projection of demand.
Major concern is placed on social, economic and health indicators.
Major concern is the scalability of the database event store.
Major concern is with the issues of instability, data correlation and product evaluation.
Major concerns are ability to get insurance, and medical screening by employers prior to hiring.
Major concerns are energy costs and softening demand across many markets.
Major concerns are in the Pacific Northwest, Alaska, New Mexico, and California.
Major concerns are more with environmental liabilities of mining.
Major concerns are the fate of permafrost and the carbon contained in Arctic peat.
Major concerns are union issues and career choices relative to entry level teachers salaries.
Major concerns are violation of the open container law and public lewdness.
Major concerns continue over the extent to which paramilitaries and others have been demobilized.
Major concerns range from daily discipline to personal development.
Major concerns regarding groundwater involve human activities that can contaminate groundwater.
Major concerns relate to the formative stage of development, performance and scalability.
Some major concern requires attention.
Some major concern requires constant attention.
Some major concerns are cardiomyopathy and other heart problems, sub-aortic stenosis and thyroid.
Some major concerns are cardiomyopathy, sub-aortic stenosis, and hip dysplasia.
Some major concerns are cataracts, glaucoma and patellar luxation.
Major concessions tend to involve facilities which generate many jobs.
Major conferences benefit greatly from commercial sponsorship and exhibitors.
Many major conferences publish their proceedings after the conference.
Major conflict arises when the shift occurs from sexual passion to feelings of deep affection.
Major consequences flow from having an immigration stream that ignores education or skills.
Major consideration is given to dialectal variations with emphasis on differences versus disorders.
Major consideration is given to human systems maintaining homeostasis in adversity.
Major consideration is given to implementing a comprehensive school health program.
Major consideration is given to the implications of research for practice.
Major consideration is given to the literature inspired by the war.
Major consideration is given to the practical significance of expanding intercultural awareness.
Major consideration is given to writing, spelling, and oral tradition.
Major consolidation has to take place in the PSU banks.
Major constituents are carbon dioxide and nitrogen.
Major constraints arise from the technology used as a means for providing service.
Some major constraints affect industries.
Major construction continues around our harbor.
Major construction is complete.
Major construction is underway everywhere.
Major construction is underway on the Springfield Interchange.
Major consumers are government organizations and businesses, who regularly budget for such expenses.
Major contents are as follows.
All major continents hold humans.
Major contingents come, too, from both East and West coasts.
Most major contracts use English.
Major contributors deserve permanent recognition prominently displayed.
Major contributors expect something in return and get it.
Major controls show how easy a mower is to live with.
Major controls use large twist dials.
Major conventions are terseness, parallelism, and imagery.
Major conventions occur in the middle of it and nobody knows it happened.
Major corporations agree to cut greenhouse gas emissions.
Major corporations are also extremely helpful in getting a cause recognized.
Major corporations are also in the process of modifying the lifetime employment system.
Major corporations are interested, including auto makers.
Major corporations benefit from government-funded research and product development free of charge.
Major corporations can use a P.O. to start work.
Major corporations do it constantly.
Major corporations employ staff anthropologists.
Major corporations flock to it.
Major corporations get thousands of resumes for a variety of positions.
Major corporations have lines of credit with banks.
Major corporations like to demonstrate to the communities and individuals they attract.
Major corporations mold our tastes.
Major corporations receive thousands of resumes.
Major corporations spend fortunes on market research to get consumers' opinions about new products.
Major corporations spend millions of dollars creating brand name awareness.
Major corporations spend millions of dollars on their site.
Major corporations sponsor many of our contests to promote creativity in cooking.
Many major corporations are important sponsors of our events.
Many major corporations are in the area, as well as hotels and convenient transportation links.
Many major corporations are within walking distance of the hotel.
Many major corporations conduct business around the world.
Many major corporations expect huge losses.
Many major corporations have headquarters within a three-hour drive of our campus.
Many major corporations say their biggest problem is finding good, reliable employees.
Many major corporations use numerous domain names to attract visitors.
Most major corporations fall prey to institutional advertising.
Most major corporations have their own marketing departments.
Most major corporations spend less than that to advertise and market their principal products.
Most major corporations think they have a disaster recovery plan.
Some major corporations require checklists several pages long.
Major costs are primarily due to the effort of laying out cable.
All major countries are signatories to that convention.
All major countries have such academies, some with both government-supported and private academies.
Major couriers do it by offering online tracking of shipments.
Major courses are in bold face .
Major courses average five students, and there are numerous opportunities for independent study.
Major courses have golf carts and clubs for hire.
All major courses are three semester hours and are offered only once in each sixteen-month cycle.
All major courses yield at least four hours of credit each during the academic year.
Most major courses require a team project which involves written and oral communications.
Major crashes affect drivers in different ways.
Major crawls occur approx.
Major credit is offered for the first four credits only.
All major credit are welcome.
Major creditors are usually supportive.
All major creditors participate in consolidation programs.
Major crevasses are well marked on topographic maps and can be avoided if some care is taken.
Major crime is down.
Major crimes are infrequent.
Major crimes are murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault and theft.
Major crimes are murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary and theft.
Major crimes are murder, rape, robbery, burglary, aggravated assault and theft.
Major crimes are punishable by death.
Major crimes are rare and most police activity is related to traffic and neighborhood patrols.
Major criteria are rural location and description in terms of acreage.
Major crops are bananas, coffee, and pond-raised saltwater shrimp.
Major crops are barley, wheat and hay, particularly alfalfa.
Major crops are cashew, casuarina, sugar cane, rice, flowers, and cattle.
Major crops are corn and hay.
Major crops are corn, grain sorghum, wheat, alfalfa and potatoes.
Major crops are corn, peanuts, cotton, soybeans and horticulture crops.
Major crops are corn, peanuts, soybeans and horticultural crops.
Major crops are corn, soybean, rice.
Major crops are corn, soybeans, small grain and meadow.
Major crops are corn, soybeans, small grain and meadows.
Major crops are corn, soybeans, small grains , vegetables and fruit.
Major crops are corn, tobacco, small grains, hay, vegetables, and fruit.
Major crops are cotton, grain sorghum, citrus, onions, cabbage, and other truck crops.
Major crops are cotton, sugar cane, grains, orange, and red grapefruit orchards.
Major crops are hay and pasture.
Major crops are likely to be cereals with reduced amounts of higher risk canola and lupin crops.
Major crops are peanuts, corn, soybeans, Vidalia onions, cotton, tobacco, swine and forestry.
Major crops are rice, root crops, barley, vegetables, fruit.
Major crops are rice, sugar cane, corn, soybeans, and sweet potatoes.
Major crops are sugar cane and cocoa, and the other crops are insufficient for local needs.
Major crops are wheat , cotton and sugar cane .
Major crops are wheat, corn, barley, and grapes.
Major crops are wheat, cotton and sugar cane.
Major crops cultivated include rice, sugarcane, spices, plantains, betel nut, and cashews.
Major crops grown are small grains, corn, soybeans, tobacco, and hay.
Major crops grown in the area are soybeans and corn.
Major crops grown in the area include corn, oats, and hay-particularly alfalfa.
Major crops grown include alfalfa, corn, soybeans, and wheat.
Major crops grown include wheat, grain sorghum and soybeans.
Major crops produced in the county is corn, alfalfa, soybeans and vegetables.
Major crops shipped during the week include sweet corn, okra, potatoes, tomatoes, and watermelons.
Major crowd draw.
Major culprits are acidy foods such as cranberry, cola, and coffee.
Major curriculum changes in the past five years.
Major curriculum contains the courses specific to the major.
Every major curriculum is available in the form of a program of study.
All major cusps are about equal in height.
Major customers are final users, IT consulting companies, and software companies.
Major customers are fish hatcheries, aquaria, universities and federal agencies.
Major customers are in or related to the automotive industry.
Major customers are primarily from the networking, multimedia, and consumer fields.
Major customers begin to look for alternative ISPs.
Major customers exert enormous pressure to force suppliers to cut prices.
Major dailies run subject's denial of rumor.
All major dailies are private.
Most major dailies use old style inks.
Major damage can occur with flow depths of only a few meters.
Major damage is caused to lower floors of homes and businesses from storm surge flooding.
Major damage is described as water in the first flood living area up to the doorknob.
Major damage is difficult to repair, and can mean future trouble.
Major damage is done to lower floors of structures near the shore.
Major damage is done to seedlings.
Major damage is reported in many El Salvador towns and cities.
Major damage occurs on impact, especially to the landing gear, engine propellers and port-side wing.
Some major damage is caused by aphids.
Some major damage is caused by green aphids.
Some major damage is caused by green peach aphids.
Some major damage is caused by peach aphids.
Some major damage is caused by people.
Major dealers are expert in hiding and laundering their assets.
Major decision needs to be made.
Major decisions are going to be made, they have to be.
Major decisions are justified in writing and thoroughly documented.
Major decisions are subject to congregational approval.
Major decisions concerning policy and financial matters are also determined at the annual meeting.
Major decisions concerning the children are to be shared.
Major decisions regarding competitition, market power and delivery are already underway.
Major decisions start to play an important role in high school.
All major decisions are to be the result of collaboration of the team.
Every major decision can have a detailed audit trail.
Some major decisions affect communities.
Some major decisions affect entire communities.
Major declaration is begun in the departmental office housing a given major.
Major Defects reflect significant interchange risks.
All major denominations use it.
Every major denomination is represented in Walker County.
Every major denomination is well represented in Ottawa.
Every major denomination is well represented.
Many major denominations spend more on interest payments than on foreign missions.
Most major denominations are present in Newport.
Major departments have advisors on hand to help students as well.
Major departments specify which courses are required.
Every major department has a home page on the web.
Some major departments require a seminar during student teaching.
Major deposits are few.
Major depression affects approximately twice as many women as men.
Major depression can be a debilitating illness.
Major depression can occur at any age.
Major depression can range from mild to severe depending on the extent of the symptoms.
Major depression can take the form of despair, a bleak outlook that colors everything.
Major depression causes people to feel hopeless, exhausted and useless.
Major depression has a higher prevalence in females.
Major depression has an array of symptoms that can vary in severity over time.
Major depression has the advantage of being researchable.
Major depression includes a combination of symptoms that interfere with a person's functioning.
Major depression is a clinical depression and usually requires treatment with antidepressants.
Major depression is a clinical disease that affects mood, body, and behavior.
Major depression is a constellation of symptoms that varies from person to person.
Major depression is a dangerous disease and medical personnel are trained to deal with it.
Major Depression Is a major mental illness of mood or affect.
Major depression is a potentially severe complication.
Major depression is a serious medical problem.
Major depression is a serious mental health problem.
Major depression is a very common and serious medical illness.
Major depression is a very common disabling disorder.
Major depression is also a mood disorder.
Major depression is by far the leading mental illness and the leading cause of disability worldwide.
Major depression is characterized by sadness, withdrawal, despair, and suicidal thoughts.
Major depression is eminently treatable.
Major depression is episodic with normal function between episodes.
Major depression is highly likely to respond to antidepressants or psychological treatment.
Major depression is highly treatable.
Major depression is marked by more severe or exaggerated symptoms.
Major depression is much more than a feeling of sadness.
Major depression is much strong than reactive depression.
Major depression is notoriously resistant to successful treatment of any kind.
Major depression is particularly common in persons diagnosed with cancer, stroke, and diabetes.
Major depression is recognized more and more in young people.
Major depression is the leading cause of disability in the U.S. and worldwide.
Major depression is the psychiatric diagnosis most commonly associated with suicide.
Major depression is twice as common among people living alone as among others.
Major depression is very, very difficult for loved ones to deal with.
Major depression makes it almost impossible to carry on usual activities, sleep, eat or enjoy life.
Major depression needs to be treated by a medical professional.
Major depression occurs in all groups of people.
Major depression occurs in at least one third of patients after stroke.
Major depression refers to reactive or endogenous depression.
Major depression responds to antidepressant medications.
Major depression seems to occur generation after generation in some families.
Major depression strikes one in four women, and one in ten men during their lifetime.
Major design reworking and editing is priced as a new page.
All major details are clear.
Major determinants are patient characteristics, such as insurance status, income, race, and gender.
Major developments are underway in the South African trial challenging prices for Aids drugs.
All major developments generate valuable construction jobs.
Many major developments have ongoing responsibilities long after their development is complete.
Major difference is that filtration is favors.
Major difference is that there is a lack of a nucleus and membrane-bound organelles.
Major difference is the back inlay.
Major difference is the cost.
Major differences do exist in pregrooves and in the resulting bit spacings.
Major differences exist across campuses and between campuses.
Major differences exist between monocots, softwoods and hardwoods.
Major differences exist between the two equatorial neighbors.
Major differences exist in teacher training among the countries.
Major differences occur in the structure of the gills.
Major differences relate to exhalation flow rate and nasal contamination.
Major differences remain between the bills.
Major difficulties are to cope with the changing quality of service parameters.
Major difficulties exist in evaluating the effects of pesticide exposure on children.
Major difficulty is to implement a form server itself.
Major directions are to let the public know directly and through other state agencies about the bee.
Major disadvantage is poor resolving ability.
Major disadvantage is the ability to monitor the injection site.
Major disadvantage occurs because of the violation of unity of command.
Major disagreements remain on how the money is distributed in the bill.
Major disasters can happen anywhere.
Major disasters destroy cities.
Major disasters destroy entire cities.
Major disasters make enormous demands on insurance company personnel.
Major disasters stretch city resources to their limits.
Every major disaster brings out the best in people.
Most major disasters destroy cities.
Most major disasters destroy entire cities.
Major disciplines are sociology and history.
Major disciplines covered include most sciences, technical and medical areas.
Some major disciplines offer minors in their fields as well.
Major diseases affect more women than men.
Major diseases are powdery and downy mildews, and black rot.
Most major diseases have numerous available medical treatment guidelines from recognized sources.
Major dislike is lack of shielding and somewhat cheap electronic components.
Major disorders affecting the arteries fall into several categories.
Most major displays have touch-screen information, guided tours are also available.
Major disruptions can cause an abrupt temperature drop and the termination of the plasma.
Major disruptions occur to road and rail links.
Major distortions appear first in the toe and then in the heel area.
Major distortions continue to exist in world markets for both bulk commodities and processed foods.
Major distributors set gas prices based in part on the number of gallons a station or area sells.
All major distributors have the book in stock.
Some major disturbances lead to death.
Major dominants are loblolly and yellow pine, and blackjack and post oak.
Most major donations involve significant tax deduction benefits.
Major donors are a special group of individuals who give relatively large gifts.
Major donors are often a vital source of financial support for grassroots organizations.
Major donors are to be identified and visited.
Major donors receive specialized recognition, if desired.
Most major donors support Bangladesh.
Major doubts have a way of resurrecting themselves.
Major drainage is inherited with river channels superimposed on the structure.
Major drawback is gas mileage.
Major drawback is that the dance floor and club itself is small.
Major drawback is the lack of an index.
Major drawback is the lack of extended examples.
Major dreams are the easiest.
Major drive forces increase pressure.
All major drives have variable speed servo motors.
Major drugs seized include methamphetamine, heroin, ecstasy, cocaine, and marijuana.
Major earthquake hits Taiwan .
Major earthquakes are earthquakes.
Major earthquakes can cause substantial property losses.
Major earthquakes can kill thousands of people.
Major earthquakes occur in areas.
Major earthquakes present another major threat to coastal communities.
Major earthquakes result in noticeable structural damage to buildings, including broken windows.
Major earthquakes strike the Bay Area once a generation.
Most major earthquakes occur in areas.
Some major earthquakes take places.
All major ecosystems exist within a day's traveling distance.
Major eddies swirl on each side, allowing paddlers to attain the front of the main hole.
Major effects associated with the formation of shocks are overviewed.
Major effort is required to generate levels that involve anything other than flat planes.
Major efforts are necessary also as regards financial control.
Major efforts are under way in teacher training and integrating technology into our curriculum.
Major efforts are under way in the United Kingdom, Germany, and Japan.
Major efforts are under way to promote true regional cooperation.
Major efforts are under way to restore the natural flow of water through the river of grass.
Major efforts are underway for further international expansion of the successful giveaway concept.
Major efforts are underway to combat the problem.
Major efforts are underway to educate the taxpayers and eliminate their fears.
Major efforts are underway to improve computer laboratories.
Major efforts focus on research, educational programs, and seminars in crop production.
Major efforts remain to be undertaken to harmonise and improve the application of indirect taxation.
Some major effort focuses on treatments.
Major elections take place on even years.
Major electrolytes are sodium, chloride, potassium, phosphate, magnesium and calcium.
Major elements are minerals that are needed in large quantities.
Major emphases are individualized and flexible.
Major emphases are neuroscience and cell biology.
Major emphases are on normal children and children with deviations from health.
Major emphasis appears to be on lawyers, but placement of law librarians is also undertaken.
Major emphasis continues to be the development of aural-oral skills.
Major emphasis is applied to assessment, guidelines development, and education.
Major emphasis is devoted to the design of multi-layered hierarchical control systems.
Major emphasis is focused on managerial accounting information.
Major emphasis is given to American material culture.
Major emphasis is given to in-class preaching with video tape feedback.
Major emphasis is given to individual and team play in game situations.
Major emphasis is given to individuals with cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases.
Major emphasis is given to investigation of molecular mechanisms responsible for disease processes.
Major emphasis is given to learning the locations of countries throughout the world.
Major emphasis is given to maintenance and repair of sheet metal structures.
Major emphasis is given to preparation for research.
Major emphasis is given to public outreach.
Major emphasis is given to small business operations and management.
Major emphasis is given to the maintenance and repair of composite structures and aircraft finishes.
Major emphasis is given to the organization and presentation of the various types of sermons.
Major emphasis is given to the principles of professional writing in common applications.
Major emphasis is given to the study of semiconductor devices.
Major emphasis is given to understanding infectious disease and immunology.
Major emphasis is given to voice building philosophy and methods.
Major emphasis is in analyzing motion from an effective, efficient, and safe perspective.
Major emphasis is on a senior paper and oral presentation.
Major emphasis is on acquiring primary, usually printed, materials.
Major emphasis is on applications in business, economics, and the life sciences.
Major emphasis is on applications in the various fields of engineering technologies.
Major emphasis is on applying decision systems to business and financial problems.
Major emphasis is on biological bases of psychoses and other mental diseases.
Major emphasis is on classical recordings of opera, symphonies, chamber music, and jazz.
Major emphasis is on cotton production for the hill section of Mississippi.
Major emphasis is on current labor issues and concerns.
Major emphasis is on data organization, analysis and graphical presentation.
Major emphasis is on developing hand building skills and wheel throwing techniques.
Major emphasis is on developing skills and teaching methods.
Major emphasis is on developing skills necessary for effective communication and problem solving.
Major emphasis is on development of teaching skills, strategies, and evaluation methods.
Major emphasis is on effective marketing planning, decision making and implementing marketing plans.
Major emphasis is on electrical concepts and laboratory techniques.
Major emphasis is on electronic ignition systems including distributorless ignition systems.
Major emphasis is on establishing an active lifestyle.
Major emphasis is on helping children and senior citizens.
Major emphasis is on helping children.
Major emphasis is on human development and organizational administration.
Major emphasis is on human figure in well designed compositions.
Major emphasis is on lab labs labor laboratories laboratory and biotech consulting.
Major emphasis is on linear and integer programming and on multidisciplinary design optimization.
Major emphasis is on listening and speaking.
Major emphasis is on litigating legal and medical malpractice claims.
Major emphasis is on mechanical concepts and laboratory techniques.
Major emphasis is on middle and secondary level geometry.
Major emphasis is on modeling and teaching the biopsychosocial patient care approach.
Major emphasis is on numeric entry.
Major emphasis is on outcome-based education and the educational system, the hub of restructuring.
Major emphasis is on pathogenesis of enteric and respiratory diseases of poultry.
Major emphasis is on physiological adaptations, natural selection, ethology, and ecology.
Major emphasis is on policy development and decision-making as it relates to budget decisions.
Major emphasis is on printed format, using microform if print ed format is unavailable.
Major emphasis is on problems involved in human relations.
Major emphasis is on productivity improvement, cost savings and clinical effectiveness.
Major emphasis is on publications that support the curriculum.
Major emphasis is on relationships with diagnostic medical laboratory tests.
Major emphasis is on reports.
Major emphasis is on seeing infectious disease problems and consultations on pediatric patients.
Major emphasis is on self-rescue skills and extension rescue.
Major emphasis is on shared leadership in professional environments.
Major emphasis is on solving interior problems utilizing the fundamentals of design.
Major emphasis is on summer and part-time job opportunities in the area.
Major emphasis is on taxonomy, ecology, and reproductive diversity.
Major emphasis is on the analysis of key problems and issues that the firms are facing.
Major emphasis is on the chemistry of biological compounds.
Major emphasis is on the conceptual rather than the computational aspects of quantitative methods.
Major emphasis is on the delivery of services in helping people with substance abuse problems.
Major emphasis is on the derivative and definite integral of a function.
Major emphasis is on the development of aural-oral skills.
Major emphasis is on the development of oral expression and acquisition of cultural knowledge.
Major emphasis is on the further development of aural-oral skills.
Major emphasis is on the historical development of American higher education.
Major emphasis is on the interdisciplinary nature of geriatric practice.
Major emphasis is on the mass print and mass electronic systems.
Major emphasis is on the mastery of phonetics and development of aural-oral skills.
Major emphasis is on the spinal articulations.
Major emphasis is on the stratigraphy, structure, and development of each region.
Major emphasis is on the upper grades of red oak, white oak, ash and poplar.
Major emphasis is on the various theoretical interpretations of human dynamics.
Major emphasis is on the visual and auditory systems.
Major emphasis is on the western and eastern fronts and on the war at sea.
Major emphasis is on twentieth-century presidents.
Major emphasis is on vertebrate and invertebrate species cultured in the Gulf of Mexico region.
Major emphasis is on writing, listening comprehension and speaking.
Major emphasis is placed in the area of animal food products.
Major emphasis is placed on acquiring an understanding of the pathophysiology of disease processes.
Major emphasis is placed on actual insemination techniques.
Major emphasis is placed on adults with multiple system involvement.
Major emphasis is placed on analytical and writing skills.
Major emphasis is placed on applications to learning and college success.
Major emphasis is placed on artifact recognition, troubleshooting and artifact correction.
Major emphasis is placed on bacteria, viruses, fungi and parasites in infectious disease.
Major emphasis is placed on cinema as a product of social stereotypes.
Major emphasis is placed on community policing and crime prevention techniques.
Major emphasis is placed on critical thinking and writing in the social sciences.
Major emphasis is placed on developing effective writing skills.
Major emphasis is placed on developing problem solving skills.
Major emphasis is placed on development of micropropagation protocols.
Major emphasis is placed on distance learning using our wireless cable system.
Major emphasis is placed on dysfunctional interventions and situational crises.
Major emphasis is placed on economic theory, in both microeconomics and macroeconomics.
Major emphasis is placed on exploring the diversity among various feminist approaches.
Major emphasis is placed on field work, report-writing skills, and computer applications in geology.
Major emphasis is placed on horse, hippology, livestock and consumer judging.
Major emphasis is placed on improvement through fundamentals and playing in game-type situations.
Major emphasis is placed on incorporating creative drama as a process to facilitate learning.
Major emphasis is placed on inductive and deductive reasoning essential in proving theorems.
Major emphasis is placed on infectious diseases and infection control at the nursing level.
Major emphasis is placed on instructional competencies.
Major emphasis is placed on introduced and evergreen plant materials.
Major emphasis is placed on keyboarding technique, proofreading and correcting errors.
Major emphasis is placed on language arts.
Major emphasis is placed on manufacturing processes and quality assurance procedures.
Major emphasis is placed on native deciduous plant materials.
Major emphasis is placed on North America, Europe, and Asia.
Major emphasis is placed on patient care and education.
Major emphasis is placed on preparing students for academic success.
Major emphasis is placed on problem solving and program development skills.
Major emphasis is placed on problem solving.
Major emphasis is placed on proficiency in the use of English.
Major emphasis is placed on proper maintenance, remedial measures, and process problems.
Major emphasis is placed on psychoanalytic, Marxist, and structuralist approaches.
Major emphasis is placed on quality control inspection and testing procedures.
Major emphasis is placed on research, university level teaching, and systems change.
Major emphasis is placed on safety in the laboratory.
Major emphasis is placed on service.
Major emphasis is placed on small group conferences and laboratory exercises.
Major emphasis is placed on staff development.
Major emphasis is placed on statutory interpretation.
Major emphasis is placed on syntax, usage and grammatical nomenclature.
Major emphasis is placed on system design and equipment selection.
Major emphasis is placed on teaching.
Major emphasis is placed on the areas of performance, music theory and history, and music education.
Major emphasis is placed on the concept of content-driven design.
Major emphasis is placed on the concept of shared responsibility.
Major emphasis is placed on the design and development of plans for residential structures.
Major emphasis is placed on the development of an educational philosophy.
Major emphasis is placed on the effects of change on indigenous institutions.
Major emphasis is placed on the functional interrelationships that exist within cells and organisms.
Major emphasis is placed on the importance of personal values and business ethics.
Major emphasis is placed on the individual and family as client.
Major emphasis is placed on the interaction between people and their environment.
Major emphasis is placed on the latest technology as it relates to the home and family.
Major emphasis is placed on the long technical paper and the acquisition of advanced writing skills.
Major emphasis is placed on the molecular basis of cell structure, function, and regulation.
Major emphasis is placed on the nursing care needs of the mid-age and older adult.
Major emphasis is placed on the operation of the legal system in New Mexico and the Southwest.
Major emphasis is placed on the planning of instruction.
Major emphasis is placed on the principles of contract law.
Major emphasis is placed on the role of business in Egypt.
Major emphasis is placed on the structure and operation of Michigan government and politics.
Major emphasis is placed on the student's acquisition of knowledge and understanding.
Major emphasis is placed on trigonometry and functions.
Major emphasis is placed on understanding chemical related mathematical concepts.
Major emphasis is placed on understanding pollutant emissions the environmental consequences.
Major emphasis is placed on understanding the system and the most commonly occurring calculations.
Major emphasis is placed on vocabulary and critical reading, both on the college preparatory level.
Major emphasis is placed on vocabulary development.
Major emphasis is placed on writing clear, forceful, and persuasive documents.
Major emphasis is placed on written and oral communication skills.
Major emphasis is placed upon carbonyl chemistry with an introduction to spectroscopic techniques.
Major emphasis is placed upon cardiopulmonary critical care technology.
Major emphasis is placed upon common recurring health problems.
Major emphasis is placed upon community involvement.
Major emphasis is placed upon individual residential and commercial.
Major emphasis is placed upon students getting involved in ministry teams.
Major emphasis is placed upon the historical development of American higher education.
Major emphasis is placed upon the nature and control of cell differentiation.
Major emphasis is placed upon the research project and required thesis.
Major emphasis is placed upon the theoretical aspects of psychology.
Major emphasis is placed upon the world's largest religious systems and their various sects.
Major emphasis is placed upon tissue recognition.
Major emphasis is put on the various theoretical interpretations of human dynamics.
Major emphasis is the utilization of lecture, discussion, and demonstration on production projects.
Major emphasis is to develop remote detection systems and non-aqueous diagnostic techniques.
Major emphasis is upon military strategy and the campaigns.
Major emphasis is upon understanding and appreciation of man's cultural heritage.
Major employers are health care providers.
Major employers are in health care, communications, land developing and foliage growing.
Major employers are mining companies.
Major employers find that they can attract and retain the best and brightest to the area.
Major employers have entire departments dedicated to finding good people.
Major employers located in Prince George's are close to wonderful residential communities.
Major employers receive hundreds of resumes per week.
Major employers recruit on the PSU campus, and Pitt State graduates are highly favored.
Major employers seek out CCCU graduates.
Major Employers top Howard County offers an abundance of existing space for all types of users.
All major employers have recruitment programmes.
Most major employers provide accredited training programmes.
Most major employers seek to hire applicants with a degree from a college or university.
Major employment consists of a timber mill and re-manufacturing plant.
Major employment is centered around medical, retail, finance, and light manufacturing operations.
Major employment is in a larger hospital or clinical laboratory.
Most major engines refresh the existing content in their database every four to eight weeks.
Major enhancements are development.
Major enhancements are Netscape integration and better stability.
Major enterprises are the key to great development in science and technology.
Major entries cover theory and applications central to social science disciplines.
Major environmental factors influence growth.
Major environmental factors influence phytoplankton growth.
Major environmental factors limit crop productivity.
Major environmental factors limit productivity.
Major equipment is auctioned next.
Major equipment is available for faculty and student research.
All major equipment is purchased through international tenders.
Major erosion strikes beach areas.
Major errors are extremely rare and exist in small numbers.
Major errors give rise to lines which cross the circle.
Major eruption are highly erratic, and unpredictable.
Major eruptions are incredibly destructive.
Major eruptions are incredibly loud.
Major eruptions can affect weather around the world.
Major eruptions occur after the pool has had time to fill.
Major eruptions start from a full pool.
Major events are nor stated.
Major events are service opportunities and theological reflection.
Major events are well-advertised and thoroughly reported on.
Major events bring people to our city and enhance our own residents' quality of life.
Major events helps our ratings.
Major events occur almost monthly.
Major events take places.
Major events use predefined start times based on a start list.
All major events require a variety of preparations.
Every major event is used for maximum effect by all agendas involved.
More major events indicates a celebrity event.
Most major events take places.
Some major event occurs and the mill is destroyed.
Some major events are in the offing.
Some major events occur during evolution.
Some major events provide explanations.
Some major events provide partial explanations.
Some major events relate to reproduction.
Major evolutionary transitions affect functions.
Major exams start the semester off with Miami and Colorado.
All major exams are cummulative.
Major examples are epoetin alfa and epoetin beta .
Major examples are signifcant active karst and fluvial landform systems.
Major exceptions are academic degrees.
Major exceptions are fire management and wildlife inventory aerial data collection.
Major exceptions require approval of the entire faculty.
Major exemptions are for executive, administrative, professional, and outside sales workers.
Major exhibits change quarterly and range from traditional to contemporary art from many cultures.
Major exhibits focus on the planet's productive ecosystems and how they work.
Major exhibits rotate quarterly.
Major exhibits thrill all ages with exciting tales of the sea.
Major exhibitions change four times a year, offering a variety of art to be enjoyed year round.
Major exhibitions change yearly.
Major expansion is underway.
Major expansions mean a larger state highway system to maintain in the future.
Major expenditure includes infrastructural projects.
Major expenditure is presented as tax cuts.
Major expenditures are for computers, networking, and user interface equipment.
Major expenditures consist of operating costs, commissions to agents, and lottery prizes.
Major exports are apples, pears and frozen vegetables.
Major exports are bauxite, aluminum, gold, diamonds, pineapples, bananas, palm products, and coffee.
Major exports are bulk forest products.
Major exports are coal, wool, wheat, iron ore, petroleum oils, meats, aluminum and gold.
Major exports are coffee, fish, and fish products, tea, electrical products, iron and steel.
Major exports are copra, cocoa, hardwood timber, beef and coffee, fish and fish products.
Major exports are copra, cocoa, timber, beef and coffee.
Major exports are nickel, raw sugar, coffee, cacao, and gold.
Major exports are oil, chemicals, textiles, machinery, equipment and food industry products.
Major exports are petroleum products, grain, cotton, paper, machinery, and iron and steel.
Major exports are pulses and beans, teak, rice, rubber and hardwoods.
Major exports are timber, garments, rubber, soybeans and sesame.
Major exports are tourism, copra, cocoa, hardwood timber, beef and coffee, fish and fish products.
Major exports are vanilla, coffee, meat and fish.
Major exports are vanilla, coffee, shellfish, cloves, sugar, textiles and petroleum products.
Major exports are wood products, garments, electricity, coffee and tin.
Major exports consist of meat and dairy products, particularly cheese.
Some major exports are coffee, bananas, cut flowers, sugarcane, and cotton.
Major exposure can cause burns.
Major exposures require treatment in an emergency room.
Major expressways are easily accessible in all directions.
Major facilities encourage growth in another way, too.
Major facilities upgrades to comply with fire and safety codes.
Major Factions are the ruling factions.
Major factions declare ceasefire, agree to cooperate with government in war against Eritrea.
Major factors affect diversity.
Major factors associate with infection.
Major factors control distribution.
Major factors determine distribution.
Major factors determine equilibrium.
Major factors determine male reproductive success.
Major factors determine reproductive success.
Major factors determine success.
Major factors determining salary include geographic location, type of employer, and type of job.
Major factors influence growth.
Major factors influence phytoplankton growth.
Major factors lead to diversity.
Major factors lead to revolution.
Major factors limit crop productivity.
Major factors limit productivity.
Major factors regulate growth.
Major factors regulate phytoplankton growth.
Major factors threaten survival.
Most major factors affect diversity.
Most major factors associate with infection.
Most major factors determine distribution.
Most major factors determine equilibrium.
Most major factors determine male reproductive success.
Most major factors determine reproductive success.
Most major factors determine success.
Most major factors influence phytoplankton growth.
Most major factors lead to diversity.
Most major factors lead to revolution.
Most major factors limit crop productivity.
Most major factors limit productivity.
Most major factors regulate growth.
Most major factors regulate phytoplankton growth.
Most major factors threaten survival.
Some major factors affect deforestation.
Some major factors affect ecology evolution.
Some major factors affect evolution.
Some major factors affect excretion.
Some major factors affect extent.
Some major factors affect fields.
Some major factors affect growth.
Some major factors affect livestock production.
Some major factors affect nest success.
Some major factors affect nutrient requirements.
Some major factors affect plant growth.
Some major factors affect production.
Some major factors affect reproduction.
Some major factors affect requirements.
Some major factors affect success.
Some major factors affect values.
Some major factors associate with diabetes.
Some major factors associate with performance.
Some major factors contribute to ability.
Some major factors contribute to evolution.
Some major factors determine abundances.
Some major factors determine relative abundances.
Some major factors impact participation.
Some major factors influence predators.
Some major factors limit abundances.
Some major factors limit growth.
Some major factors limit otter abundances.
Some major factors limit population growth.
Some major factors result in deletions.
Some major factors threaten health.
Some major factors threaten honey bee health.
Major factories are in ruins, power plants are crippled.
Major faiths believe it.
Every major faith teaches that.
Major faults mean anything that affects the safety and operation ability of the vessel.
Major feature is easy virtual accouting seperated from the system users.
Major feature is the access to videos of candidates' debates.
All major features are sharp.
All major features are user programmable in order to achieve the maximum flexibility.
Some major fellowships require six.
Major festivals are community affairs and are filled with joy, noise and color.
Major fields are public administration, policy analysis, American politics, and research methods.
All major fields require either independent study or a seminar at the senior level.
Many major fields have additional foreign language requirements.
Major fieldwork seems unlikely.
Major films arise in every region of the globe.
Major films seem to fizzle.
Major findings are as follows.
Major findings are available in the online version and the news release .
Major findings highlight connections between bank risk, ownership structure, and manager wealth.
All major findings converge and are mutually supportive.
Major fires make large advances.
Major fireball reports from Northern Ontario.
Most major firms donate some services.
Most major firms join prestigious research groups as part of their benchmarking efforts.
Most major firms offer tech support around the clock.
Some major firms spotlight their biophotonic products.
Major flaw is lack of keyword search.
All major flights come into Auckland first anyway.
Major flood strikes Louisville.
Major floods affect parts of Thailand and Cambodia.
Major floods are infrequent in Michigan, but they can be severe.
Most major floods result from prolonged rainfall or from warm rain on wet snow.
Major flooding continues along portions of the Neosho River in Oklahoma.
Major flooding is anticipated along portions of the James River.
All major flows are in direct response to summer thunderstorms.
Major foci are water quality and land stewardship.
Major focus is animal and human health.
Major focus is currently on agarics, boletes, clavarioid, and auricularioid fungi.
Major focus is integration of theoretical concepts applied to clinical practice.
Major focus is Jewish religious groups and observances in contemporary United States.
Major focus is on changes in age-related status, roles and social problems.
Major focus is on citrus, vegetables, and beef cattle.
Major focus is on developing countries.
Major focus is on different methodologist approaches and issues as they have evolved.
Major focus is on education in Canada with emphasis on Quebec education.
Major focus is on family as a system and a variety of interventions.
Major focus is on intermediate sanctioning and transition programs.
Major focus is on issues of population, resource use and pollution.
Major focus is on loan assistance with housing and capital projects.
Major focus is on mastering map reading an dland navigation skills.
Major focus is on organic compounds of biological and physiological importance.
Major focus is on resource politics and religious conflicts.
Major focus is on rhythm strip identification of common dysrhythmias and heart blocks.
Major focus is on the current homework for the designated course.
Major focus is on the development of heuristic techniques for designing telecommunications networks.
Major focus is on the emergence of a native American drama.
Major focus is on the experience of traditional and nontraditional college students.
Major focus is on the Hippocratic treatises as primary sources.
Major focus is on the influence of signal propagation heterogeneities.
Major focus is on the intraoperative phases.
Major focus is on the socialization community and on social change.
Major focus is on U.S. cities.
Major focus is reproductive steroids and mechanisms of neuroinjury.
Major focus is review of judicial opinions.
Major focus is the community in change.
Major focus is the plants and animals of Virginia.
Major focus is the processing of cereal grains and oilseeds.
Major focus is the senior citizens in the state of Ohio.
Major focus is to get students to make words and write stories.
Major focus is to provide extensive practice in spoken Spanish.
Major focus is upon developments in pragmatism.
Major focus varies according to the background of the faculty member involved.
Major foods are aquatic insects, crayfish, mollusks, crustaceans and fishes.
Major forces drive evolution.
Major forces drive future growth.
Major forces drive future population growth.
Major forces drive growth.
Major forces drive population growth.
Major forces drive sin making it an intractable problem.
Major forces increase pressure.
Most major forces drive evolution.
Most major forces drive future growth.
Most major forces drive future population growth.
Most major forces drive growth.
Most major forces drive population growth.
Most major forces increase pressure.
Major fossil find reveals Asian origins of salamanders .
Major fossil finds in North Carolina include marine worms and sloth bones.
Major fractures can be lethal, especially broken hip bones.
Major freight continues day and night along the winding two-lane road it sits along.
Major fruits grown include berries, apples, avocados, lemons, kiwifruit, oranges and cherries.
Major function is to offer curriculum that leads to a master's degree in organizational development.
All major functions are accessible from the file menu.
All major functions are accessible via a toolbar.
All major functions are re-configurable, that is, capable to be reassigned into user selected keys.
Major funding comes from private individuals, corporations, foundations and other organizations.
Major funding is sought from government agencies and foundations.
Major funding is unavailable to any applicants after that date.
Major fundraiser is the sale of advertising space on litter collection recepticals.
Most major games come out for both computer and console magachines.
Major gaps exist between policies and practices on equity and gender issues.
Major gaps exist in knowledge of occupational cancer risks among women workers and workers of color.
Major gaps exist.
Major gaps remain in coverage for some taxonomic groups and regions of the world.
Major gaps remain.
Major gateways are in boldface.
Major gauges are easy to see and grasp.
Major gifts are important to any campaign.
Major gifts are large individual gifts of cash or stock that are available now.
Major gifts can come from individuals.
Major gifts come from foundations.
Major gifts given by foundations or corporations also are eligible for na ming opportunities.
Major gifts given by foundations or corporations also are eligible for naming opportunities.
Major gifts help meet specific educational needs of the college or can be unrestricted in their use.
Major gifts help meet specific educational needs or can be unrestricted in their use.
Major gifts offer naming opportunities to donors with an interest in specific projects.
Major Gifts play a significant role in the life of the university.
Major givers like to see broad support for meeting needs.
Major goal is readiness skills for entering school as well as addressing areas of weakness.
Major goal is to encourage quantification of impact.
Major goals are portability, modularization, and security.
Major goals vary from person to person and family to family.
Major grants are still available.
Major grants have policy implications for schools throughout the region and the state.
All major grants require a draft application.
Major graphics update takes most of afternoon.
Major greenhouse gases result from activities.
Major greenhouse gases result from human activities.
Major gripes are minimum production requirements and down sizing.
Major groups are part of the country's decision-making process on sustainable development.
Major groups oppose one another, including business groups.
Major groups reorganize.
Many major groups collaborate in accepting students, singly or in pairs.
Major growth is quite possible.
Major growth occurs in the spring.
Major guidebooks give the ship mixed reviews.
All major habitats require a better understanding of habitat processes and dynamics.
Some major habitats range from estuaries.
Major harvest is during the spring months, while major demand is during mid- and late summer.
Major hazard is from aerosol transmission.
Major hazards are from aerosol transmission and autoinoculation.
Major hazards are from autoinoculation, ingestion and mucous membrane exposure.
Major headcount is divided by faculty headcount to arrive at the ratio.
Major headings appear in capital letters , boldface, centered in the column.
Major headings are bold, underlined, and centered in the column.
Major headings are to be column centered in a bold font or in capitals without an underline.
Major headings can be countries, states, counties, cities or any other geographic location.
Major headings help identify major themes.
Major headings help students navigate the concept-based modules, which link logically together.
Major headlines are available online as is a subscription service.
Major help is needed.
Major herbivores eat matter.
Major herbivores eat vegetable matter.
Most major herbivores eat matter.
Most major herbivores eat vegetable matter.
Major heresies are often the result of turning minors into majors.
Major highways are accessable from south Lake County to all points within Central Florida.
Major highways are also serious barriers.
Major highways are close by, as are premiere shopping centres and recreation facilities.
Major highways are easily accessible.
Major highways are good.
Major highways are usually in good condition.
Major highways can be visible at times as well.
Major highways connect the city with other parts of the United States and with Mexico.
Major highways crisscross the southeastern Michigan area.
Major highways encircle the Island, and dissects the interior from north to south, and east to west.
Major highways link Boston to points throughout the Northeast.
Major highways link the city to Southern California's recreational, cultural, and shopping areas.
Major highways pass through it, and it is easily reached by road from anywhere in North America.
Major highways play an important role in the economic well-being of the town.
Major highways provide excellent access to markets for truck transportation.
Major highways provide excellent opportunities for truck transportation.
Major highways provides excellent access to markets for truck transportation.
Major highways run into and through the post with nary a guard station.
Major highways travel mainly north-south through Vermont.
All major highways heading into downtown of course become slow during the morning rush hour.
All major highways meet in the downtown area.
Many major highways entwine the areas of Henry County.
Many major highways follow the tier and range lines and minor highways follow the section lines.
Many major highways remain closed.
Most major highways are divided expressways.
Major history plays, comedies, and tragedies.
Major holdings are in exhibition catalogs, art criticism, and art magazines.
Major holidays are slightly higher and quoted upon request.
Major holidays require a three night stay.
Major holidays require a three or four night stay.
All major holidays are divided, as are vacations and special occasions such as birthdays.
All major holidays are shoulder season rates during low season.
Every major holiday brings some kind of get-together at the community centers.
Major hospitals are less than an hour away.
Major hospitals have the most recent equipment and trained personnel to operate it.
Major hospitals have volunteer coordinators and provide organized training sessions.
Many major hospitals have people dying there everyday.
Most major hospitals have a resource for women who have just given birth.
Most major hospitals have hypnotherapists on staff today.
Most major hospitals have travel clinics.
Major hotels can arrange for a doctor or ambulance.
Major hotels can often arrange immediate car hire.
Major hotels have a clinic or services of a doctor.
Major hotels have a courtesy bus to and from the airport.
Major hotels have a fax and Internet service.
Major hotels have contracts with physicians and dentist.
Major hotels have facilities.
Major hotels have good restaurants.
Major hotels have limousine services which are convenient but more expensive than taxis.
Major hotels have taxi services, usually manned by English-speaking drivers.
Major hotels have their own ferries.
Major hotels have water sport offices and customized trips for large or small groups.
Major hotels offer Internet access, usually for a fee.
Major hotels offer reliable car-hire services complete with drivers.
Major hotels provide basic postal services on their premises.
Major hotels provide complimentary shuttles to and from the properties.
Major hotels provide facilities.
Major hotels provide in-room porn, and adult film stars are now mainstream celebrities.
Major hotels provide their own entertainment with cultural dances on set nights.
Major hotels provide their own entertainment.
Major hotels provide transportation to and from the airport for their guests.
Major hotels take credit cards or Eurocheques.
All major hotels have at least one restaurant serving continental cuisine.
All major hotels have business centers.
All major hotels have conference facilities.
All major hotels have contracts with physicians and dentists.
All major hotels have doctors on call.
All major hotels have duty-free shops as well.
All major hotels have regular entertainment that includes cultural shows.
All major hotels have regular entertainment.
All major hotels have taxi stands.
All major hotels offer a variety of restaurants and superb leisure and sports facilities.
All major hotels offer complete laundry service as well.
Every major hotel has a gym and many have mini spas as well.
Many major hotels offer shorter classical and folk programs.
Most major hotels can help with arrangements.
Most major hotels can supply details on dive boat trips.
Most major hotels carry U.S. papers.
Most major hotels have adapters to borrow.
Most major hotels have business equipment and services available for guests.
Most major hotels have in-house videos and are connected to one of the above systems.
Most major hotels have squash and tennis courts, swimming pools and saunas.
Most major hotels have their own web sites.
Most major hotels provide free airport transfers.
Most major hotels provide hair dryers and other amenities.
Most major hotels provide hairstylists offering a full range of services.
Most major hotels provide shuttle buses to the area and tour groups frequently stop there.
Some major hotels have pick-up services.
Major house builders to take advantage.
Some major houses are actually a collection of several different imprints.
Major hurdles await the new office.
Major hurricane sweeps over the Carribean islands of Jamaica, Cuba and Nassau, Bahamas.
Major hurricanes are relatively rare events at any location.
Major hurricanes cause most fatalities and damage.
Major impacts are obviously rare, being that none have occurred during recorded history.
Major impacts are rare, therefore easy to dismiss as irrelevant to the current generation.
Major impacts are the projects each class completes in the various communities.
Major imports are aircraft, petroleum, chemicals, petroleum and foodstuffs.
Major imports are capital goods, consumer goods and fuels.
Major imports are food products, machinery and equipment, light industry materials and chemicals.
Major imports are foods and live animals, petroleum and petroleum products.
Major imports are fuel, water, machinery, and building materials.
Major imports are machinery and equipment, plastics, chemicals, iron and steel, mineral fuels.
Major imports are machinery and equipment, vehicles and fuel.
Major imports are machinery and transport equipment.
Major imports are manufactured items, foodstuffs, raw materials and petroleum products.
Major imports are manufactures, raw materials, foodstuffs and fuels.
Major imports are materials for the building, machine and processing industries.
Major imports are raw materials, capital goods, and foodstuffs.
Major imports are raw materials, semi-manufactures, food and mineral fuels.
Major improvement has to start with a first step.
Major improvements are also under way to drainage and utility services.
Major improvements are anti-spamming features.
Major improvements are possible by shuffling, or changing the order in which the numbers are used.
Major improvements are underway with the countries roads and infrastructure.
Major improvements come from a project by project improvement approach.
Major improvements continue to be made in existing facilities.
Major improvements occur over the first six weeks.
Major improvements take place during the summer and winter recess periods.
Some major improvements are already under way.
Major inaccuracy is present.
Major incidents involve death, serious bodily injury, war crimes, and major property loss or damage.
Major incidents involve injuries.
Major incidents involve serious injuries.
Major incidents involve serious worker injuries.
Major incidents involve worker injuries.
Most major incidents involve injuries.
Most major incidents involve serious injuries.
Most major incidents involve serious worker injuries.
Most major incidents involve worker injuries.
Major incontinence is the involuntary excretion of stools of normal consistency.
Most major indexes are down year to date.
Major indian companies have presence.
Major indian companies have strong presence.
Every major indicator shows a deterioration in the earth's natural systems.
Major industries are agriculture, coal bed methane exploration, and recreation.
Major industries are aluminum smelting, cherry growing and processing, wheat farming and timber.
Major industries are chemicals, machinery, metals, textiles, and processed food.
Major industries are diversified agriculture, tourism, and cattle ranching.
Major industries are electronic and electrical products and clothing.
Major industries are jute, textile, cement, ceramic and garments manufacturing.
Major industries are oil production and refining, and transportation.
Major industries are oil production, salt mining, sugar refining, fishing, and shrimping.
Major industries are sheep and cattle production, and toursim.
Major industries are sugar refining, tea processing, and soft-drink and fertilizer manufacturing.
Major industries are timber and wood products, aluminum refining, agriculture and tourism.
Major industries are timber, fishing, shipping and tourism.
Major industries are woolen carpets, garments, textiles, leather products, paper and cement.
Major industries based in the Canton of Zurich include machinery, textiles, electronics, and food.
Major industries have to cope with rapidly changing technology and demand for technical skills.
Major industries produce automobiles, fiberglass, and soap.
Major industry is oil.
Major industry is pulpwood.
Major industry is tourism.
All major industries require large amounts of energy.
Every major industry has a chemistry lab, and every lab offers employment potential for chem.
Every major industry is represented in the database.
Most major industries have treatment facilities for industrial effluents.
Most major industries use oracle for their data repository and database management.
Major infestations causing significant harm to the crop is unlikely.
Major influences deserve a paragraph.
Major information includes Chinese art, music, culture, scenic spots, food, and China-related links.
Any major infraction means a free shot from the half-way line, with no goalkeepers.
Major initiatives are afoot in the jewelry industry.
Major initiatives are underway to change the structure of farming and to make it more efficient.
Major injuries are definitely hard to come off of.
Major injuries require treatments.
Most major injuries require treatments.
Most major injuries result when a player keeps playing after an injury.
Some major injuries lead to death.
Some major injuries lead to early death.
Major innervations are bold faced for easy reference.
Major innovation is exceptional, scarcely ever radical, and recognised to carry large dangers.
Most major innovations come from wheelchair riders themselves.
Major input continues during the Surgical Clerkship program.
Major input is from the brachium conjunctivurn and the cerebral cortex.
Major insect pests include beetles.
Major insect pests include cucumber beetles.
Major insects infesting lisianthus are whitefly, mites, thrips and aphids.
Major institutions are also usually able to provide some assistance.
Major instruments are now national or international projects.
Most major insurances recognize the treatment for chronic pain syndromes.
Major insurer is accused of penalizing claimants who dare hire attorneys.
Most major insurers have toll-free numbers.
Major interceptors continue to be at or above capacity owing to storm water inflow and infiltration.
Major interest is control of dynamical systems over networks.
Major interest is in political sociology with an area specialization in China.
Major interest is in the neurochemical mediation of reinforcement and motivation.
Major interests are benign and malignant prostate diseases and their psychosocial implications.
Major interests are gender specific cardiac disease and clinical cardiovascular trials.
Major interests are in social and personality psycholoy.
Major interests are in the use and care of shade and ornamental trees.
Major interests are preoperative cardiac evaluations and bedside teaching.
Major interests relate to policy and social action and the intersection of social work and law.
Major interests seem to be QTL analysis and analysis of expression array results.
Major international companies employ employees.
Major intersections are about a mile apart.
Major interstates pass directly through our reservations.
All major interstates feed directly into hotel area.
Major investment is required.
Major investments are necessary in the sector including from the private sector.
Major issues affect industries.
Major issues are riparian land practices, catchment clearing and water quality.
Major issues are salary, training, and who works where.
Major issues are tax law interpretation, accounting and regulatory issues.
Major issues are transportation and getting services to people.
Major issues preventing project completion is hardware and personal.
Most major issues affect industries.
Some major issues have to be resolved first.
Major item is the increasing complexity of information systems.
Major items are good, water-proof walking boots and a three season sleeping bag and mat.
Major items are good, waterproof walking boots and a three-season sleeping bag and mat.
Major items deteriorate with use and age.
Major items donated in the Friendshipments include school supplies, an ambulance and a school bus.
Major items included in the index include housing, food, and transportation.
Major items required are good walking boots and a two season sleeping bag.
Major items required are good walking boots, a good waterproof and a three season sleeping bag.
Major iterations limit.
A major key is a key
Major keys are keys.
All major keys have a relative or natural minor.
Every major key has a natural minor in it.
Every major key has a relative minor key, just like every major scale has it's relative minor.
Every major key has a relative minor key, that goes for the pentatonic scales too.
All major labs have student workers on duty trained to provide assistance when needed.
Major label sees dollar signs.
Major labels are better at getting records on the radio.
Major labels are extremely busy.
Major labels are in such a bad way at the moment.
Major labels are interested in all three.
Major labels are marketing companies.
Major labels are very selective.
Major labels buy that something, and try to make more out of it.
Major labels can be pretty sneaky.
Major labels can do some great things for artists.
Major labels exist to make money.
Major labels have all of that.
Major labels have artist development programs and producers for a reason.
Major labels know when to cut and run.
Major labels suck.
Major land use laws in Maryland.
Major land uses in Georgia.
Most major languages are available.
Major law reviews, law journals, and other legal publications.
A major league is a league
Major leagues have spring training to allow the new players to get used to the team.
Most major leagues have different setups at the plate.
Major lectures are open to the public, free of charge.
Major legislation is grouped by category.
Major legislation is searchable by topic, title, bill number and date.
Any major legislation has to have bipartisan support.
Major lenders can serve home financing needs of minority neighborhoods .
Major libraries carry both types of books.
Most major libraries have the current edition.
Most major libraries have the print version.
Most major libraries hold a full set.
Most major libraries offer Internet access and help.
Major life changes such as pregnancy, moving, job changes, etc.
All major ligaments are replaceable.
Major limit factors regulate growth.
Major limit factors regulate phytoplankton growth.
Major lines are fast, efficient and comfortable.
Some major lineage becomes classifications.
Most major litigation is conducted by insurers and their legal advisers.
Major lobbyists know how the game is played in Washington.
All major locations have staff restaurants that are subsidised by the company.
Major loss causes distress and grief.
Major loss is in the urine.
Major losses can occur from volatilization.
Major losses can often occur when employees take merchandise after hours.
Any major loss leaves a legacy.
Every major loss elicits grief and necessitates adjustments through a process of mourning.
All major machines are brand new.
Major magazines cover it in depth at the national and regional level.
Major magazines work four to six months ahead of time.
Some major magazines are free.
Major mailers schedule their shipments and make payments electronically.
Major maintenance includes overlay design, additional drainage, recycling, and slab repair.
Major maintenance is coordinated with generation to minimize total system costs.
Major maintenance occurs only if erosion undermines abutments or piers.
Major maker is Zephyr and the focus is on college teams.
Major mammals are coyote, pronghorn antelope, mountain lion, and bobcat.
Major management changes as companies start to have a flatter management profile.
Major manufactures are processed food, wood products, fertilizer, and clothing.
Major manufacturer needs to test their line of balls.
Major manufacturers attend.
Major manufacturers do offer efficient models, however.
Major manufacturers produce their goods here.
All major manufacturers guarantee their products.
Every major manufacturer offers some version of synthetic products now.
Most major manufacturers are available.
Most major manufacturers are now at least part way into developing on- line trading exchanges.
Most major manufacturers are now at least part way into developing on-line trading exchanges.
Most major manufacturers are present displaying their products.
Most major manufacturers have general storage recommendations for their products.
Most major manufacturers have their own teams of product testing.
Most major manufacturers offer three-year warranties.
Most major manufacturers produce units in a wide range of sizes.
Some major manufacturers have presence.
Major market indices from exchanges all over the world are also available.
Major market is concrete, with emphasis on precast, block and pavers.
Major markets are agricultural spraying, marine, industrial and fire fighting.
Major markets are Asia.
Major markets are Germany and Japan.
Major markets are in Japan, Europe and North America.
Major markets are in the medical, instrumentation, electronics, computer and tele-communication.
Major markets are Japan and Europe.
Major markets are Japan and European countries.
Major markets are Japan and Malaysia.
Major markets are Japan, South Korea, North America, Taiwan and Europe.
Major markets are mainland China and Southeast Asia.
Major markets are North America and Europe.
Major markets are Russia and the Middle East.
Major markets are the Middle East, Europe and Asia.
Major markets are the UK, Japan, Germany and Austria.
Major markets are the UK, Saudi Arabia and Germany.
Major markets are U.S.A., Europe, Canada, Japan and Australia.
Major markets -Germany, Belgium, Netherlands, Pakistan.
Major markets have protocols.
Most major markets can support hundreds of unit franchisees and cleaning accounts.
Most major markets have protocols.
Major material flows in Germany.
Major media oppose it for various reasons.
Major media pontificate on the danger.
Major media tend to observe a hands-off policy toward politicians' children.
Every major media outlet on Long Island is in their pockets.
All major methodology is illustrated on real data.
Major minerals are calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, potassium, sulfur, chloride, and sodium.
Major minerals are calcium, phosphorus, potassium, sulfur, sodium, chlorine magnesium.
All major minerals are straight under central goverment.
Major mining ruins and stamp mill in a spectacular setting.
Major mistakes made by large companies concerning their websites can hurt their businesses.
A major mode is a key
Major modes customize the methods of editing particular types of files.
Many major modes redefine the syntactical properties of characters appearing in the buffer .
Many major modes redefine the syntactical properties of characters appearing in the buffer.
Most major modes call that function.
Most major modes run hooks as the last step of initialization.
Some major modes display additional information after the major mode name.
Some major modes have special rules for indenting certain kinds of comments in certain contexts.
Major modifications require a public notice and re-issuance of the permit.
Major modifications require preparation of a draft permit and public notice and input.
Major monasteries are independent and are ruled by abbots.
Major moolah comes from shows.
All major motions are servo controlled, providing fast and precise carrier loading.
Every major municipality has a similar type of inspection.
Most major museums have a secret cabinet where they hide their sexually explicit items.
Most major museums have at least a few.
Most major museums have shops and some have seasonal sales offering wonderful bargains.
Most major museums have workshops, tours, and special art initiation programs for children.
Major names have significant value.
Most major nations are members.
Major natural disasters destroy cities.
Major natural disasters destroy entire cities.
Major needs remain.
Major networks tend to offer a combo of free services and premium pay services and packages.
Every major network has one or more sports statisticians that work on a full-time basis.
Every major network is close to that limit.
Most major networks return both, however.
Major newspapers are at hand while relaxing over a good cup of coffee or tea.
Major newspapers have great obituary resources.
Major newspapers have large, specialized staffs.
Major newspapers list free or minimal charge entertainment activities each weekend.
Major newspapers oppose it.
Major newspapers run similar stories at least several times a week.
Many major newspapers are available electronically.
Many major newspapers are now available free of charge through the internet.
Many major newspapers are on the Web.
Many major newspapers have running columns, or list events and activities.
Many major newspapers have websites.
Most major newspapers are available every day on the Internet .
Most major newspapers maintain an online presence but offer only selected articles.
Most major newspapers publish daily price quotations on many mutual funds every business day.
Most major newspapers tend to lean towards the liberal side, as do the weekly newsmagazines.
Some major newspapers have searchable archives on the Web.
Major numbers are at record totals, classes are full, and casting calls are flush.
Major nutrients are carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, sulfur, nitrogen and phosphorus.
Major nutrients include carbohydrates.
Major nutrients need for growth.
Major nutrients require for growth.
Most major nutrients require for growth.
Major objective is a formalized and extensible description of routing policies on the Internet.
Major objective is to expand teachers knowledge of new topics and technology for teaching algebra.
Major objective is to expand teachers' knowledge of new topics and technology for teaching algebra.
Major objective is to expand teachers knowledge of new topics and technology for teaching geometry.
Major objective is to expand teachers' knowledge of new topics and technology for teaching geometry.
Major objectives are prepare students for employment and advancement upon graduation.
Major objectives are to develop customer service strategies, reduce cycle times and reduce costs.
Major objectives are to reduce stress-related symptoms and enhance health by promoting relaxation.
Major obstacle is inadequate credit history.
Major obstacles are the strong tradition of home rule and the chase for ratables by municipalities.
Major offenses are to be reviewed by the coach and the principal.
Major ones can result in lost jobs and expensive medical bills.
All major operations have potential complications, even with perfect surgical technique.
All major operations have staff supervision.
All major operations involve an element of risk.
Every major operation has a few folks who do a tremendous amount of work over and above the rest.
Major opportunities are global, seemingly complicated, but within reach using small steps.
Major opportunities exist for the quantity surveyors.
Major opportunities exist in a wide range of sectors.
Major opposition remains from several recreation equipment groups and manufacturers.
Major orders are deaconite, priesthood, and episcopacy.
Major orders can literally hinge on minor differences.
All major organs begin to form between the second and the eighth week after conception.
Major organisations rely on their expertise to enhance the performance of their IT capabilities.
Major organization find it hard and financially risky to change their idiom.
Many major organizations have Internet sites that offer a great deal of information.
Most major organizations have news releases and updates sent instantly via email.
Most major organizations publish their own directories of members.
All major outages impact the entire economy.
Major outbreaks happen, on average, every few years in the United States.
Major outbreaks occur on the larger recreational lakes in the northern part of the Lower Peninsula.
Major outbreaks occur once every few years.
Major outcrops are in Sec.
Major outlet are the production of acrylonitrile and petroleum cracking.
All major pages have navigation bars at the top and bottom.
Every major painter is represented.
Major papers are due four the six weeks after the intensive class has ended.
Major papers have multiple openings that are going unfilled for long periods.
Most major papers have a weather map along with a summary of the previous day's weather.
Most major papers have Web sites now, and most archive their stories.
Major paradigm shift there - major, major paradigm shift.
Many major parks have complimentary PFDs for their guests.
Major parts are extra.
Major parts are interchangeable with other leading mechanical seal manufacturer's seals.
Major parts are the author and subject index.
Major parts are zinc die-casted.
All major parts are easy to wash and clean.
Major parties are parties with representation in the Italian parliament .
Major parties are parties with representation in the Italian parliament.
Major parties benefit from the distribution of surplus votes.
Major parties bicker endlessly, instead of trying for compromise.
Major parties nominate one or more candidates for an office.
All major parties have committees to address the concerns of women.
Major paths cross service and vehicular routes.
Some major penalties carry automatic match penalties.
Major percentage is illiterate or semi literate.
Major periods indicate the times of the day with the most animal activity.
Major personnel cuts at military depots and base closings are politically explosive.
Major pests are black spot, a disease, and mites.
Major pests are fruit flies , ants , and birds .
Major pests are fruit flies, ants, and birds.
Major pests include beetles.
Major pests include cucumber beetles.
Most major photo developing labs offer online photo development and retrieval services.
Major piano works.
Major pieces can move forward or backward.
Major plants are under construction in Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan and Thailand.
Major players duke it out for lead in all-important ecommerce space.
Major Players Look Ahead.
Major players provide information.
Major players provide such information.
Major players see the tremendous potential.
Most major players provide information.
Most major players provide such information.
Some major players focus operations.
Major poets write poems of the first order.
Major point is that there is development and a larval form.
Major points are clear.
Major points are limited overall.
Major points are, but there are lots of side quests never touched on during the film.
Major points discussed include the context, content, and the consequences of the letter.
Major pollutants are phenols.
All major ports are closed.
Major portions require a password.
Major predators are bobcats, coyotes, great horned owls, domestic dogs and cats.
Major predators are garter snakes and introduced trout.
Major predators are large African eagles, other primates, leopards, and humans.
Major predators are owls, weasels, and pacific giant salamanders.
Major predators are probably small mammals and other birds.
Major predators are weasels, raptors, coyotes, foxes, bobcats and martins.
Major predators have eyes.
Major predators include lions.
Major predators kill gazelles.
Major predators use sound.
Most major predators have eyes.
Most major predators kill gazelles.
Most major predators use sound.
Some major predators feed on wildebeests.
Some major prey includes caterpillars.
Some major prey includes grind squirrels.
Some major prey includes squirrels.
Major priority is to get faculty on board using in courses.
Major prizes are limited to one per person or household.
Major problem is animals often respond differently from humans.
Major problem is canker caused by a fungus.
Major problem is dependency.
Major problem is lack of tissue culture system.
Major problem is limited space and zero possibility of growth.
Major problem is mucosal bleeding.
Major problem is parking.
Major problem is that telco-operators still lack knowledge of the media and content industries.
Major problem is when people try to download files.
Major problem is with adults.
Major problem remains road transport.
Major problems are far less common.
Major problems are lack of applications and user interface.
Major problems are often the result of the lack of cleaning the interdental spaces.
Major problems are soil acidity and inoculation failure.
Major problems can easily result from improper installation.
Major problems can include hip dysplasia and gastric torsion .
Major problems can occur when information provided in such guides is incorrect.
Major problems can result.
Major problems exist here.
Major problems face communities.
Major problems involve agriculture and wildfire concerns.
Major problems involve exchanges.
Major problems involve gas exchanges.
Major problems occur in areas.
Major problems occur only when large amounts of sediment enter our waterways.
Major problems occur when a whole class or several classes have the same assignment.
Major problems remain for the nation's financial system.
Major problems resulting from abortion are rare.
Many major problems start in the fourth or fifth year.
Many major problems stem from minor ones such as duplex mismatch.
Most major problems are complex.
Most major problems face communities.
Most major problems involve exchanges.
Most major problems involve gas exchanges.
Most major problems occur in areas.
Some major problems are caused by air pollution.
Some major problems are caused by pollution.
Some major problems remain to be solved including hierarchies and romanization.
Major processes discussed are retort operation, osmotic preservation, extraction and filtration.
Major producers are Canada, Chile and the United States.
Major producers are USA, Canada, Peru and Japan.
Major producers continue to add capacity around the globe, keeping the market oversupplied.
Major product is hardcopy maps.
Major product is IC design service.
Major products are balconies, stairs, furniture, curtains and kitchen fixtures.
Major products are corn starch, corn oil, gluten and other corn products.
Major products are data on current workforce demographics and initiatives on targeted issues.
Major products are data on workforce demographics and initiatives on targeted issues.
Major products are food products, leather goods, electrical equipment, and textiles.
Major products are hair cutting, hair coloring, nail care, skin care, and merchandise sales.
Major products are rice, corn, sugarcane, fruits, root crops, and vegetables.
Major products range from woven label, jacquard ribbon and fabric to trimmings.
Major products transferred are liquid and dry bulk, general and project cargos.
Major production takes place in California and Florida.
Major professor approves initial draft of thesis.
Major professor is undetermined at the present.
Major professor oversees all activities.
Major professors have the responsibility in mentoring teaching.
Major professors lead research discussions with their graduate students.
Major professors nominate students for year-long grants.
Major professors serve as mentors for the students.
Major programs are available in French, German, Italian and Spanish.
Major programs are often expandable with user-programmable features.
Major programs are subject to the approval of the chair.
Major programs described in the plan are in place and operational today.
Major programs exist in all the specialties.
All major programs require the satisfactory completion of a final oral examination.
Every major program is analyzed.
Many major programs offer minor or concentration areas.
Some major programs have a science elective requirement.
Some major programs have thesis courses for their students.
Some major programs make special research opportunities available to their students.
Some major programs require specific preparatory courses or their equivalents.
Major programmes lack technically qualified staff.
Major progress is made here due to the important developments in chemistry and physical chemistr.
Major progress is made here due to the important developments in chemistry and physical chemistry.
Major progress is seen in industry, using environmental management and audit schemes.
Major project is required.
Major project is to adapt a selection for the group to perform.
Major project reports, plus associated archives of newsletters .
Major projects aimed at doubling the number of access lines are underway.
Major projects are currently underway for several of the topics below.
Major projects are equivalent to written exams.
Major projects are subject to more stringent work hours limitations in their conditions of approval.
Major projects are under way in Canada and elsewhere to digitize library materials.
Major projects are underway with citrate synthase and adenosine deaminase.
Major projects can have their own folder and sub-folders.
Major projects constitute a significant part of the grade in some cases.
Major projects handle multiple contractors very effectively every day in the private sector.
Major projects require hundreds of millions of dollars and several years to complete.
Major projects require several months from planning to final production.
All major projects are multinational, involving cooperation with foreign companies and governments.
All major projects are on hold.
Every major project becomes political.
Every major project needs a project champion.
Many major projects are currently under construction, dozens more are on the way.
Some major projects deal with multimedia and broadband technologies. .
Major promotions have to be carefully planned to maximize brand equity.
Major properties hire people to do just that.
Most major providers have free web space available, others provide web space for a small fee.
Major publications increase in quality.
Every major publisher has a publicist, and many small publishers do as well.
Every major publisher has a webpage and toll free number.
Major questions remain as to the trends for India.
Major questions remain unanswered about the power purchases.
Major raids continue.
Major reasons are four rooms are constantly colliding.
Major reasons are poor resourcing and the considerable language barrier.
Major recommendations fall into three broad areas.
Major recommendations Install a supply-only ventilation system with dehumidification.
Major recruiters consider communication skills atleast as important as technical skills.
All major reference works available.
Major reforms are now in place to help stem the deterioration of public housing.
Major reforms are underway that demand accountability.
Major regions are found in eastern North America, Europe, and eastern Asia.
Major rehabilitation is required.
Major release is indicated by the integer following the decimal point.
Major releases are releases that provide significant feature upgrades and product improvements.
Major releases get somewhat longer reviews.
Major releases happen every couple of years on average.
Major releases made when code is stable and needed tools are available.
Any major relief is probably two to three years away.
Major religions approve of organ and tissue donation.
Major religions are never completely unified or monolithic.
Major religions don t advertise that .
Major religions predict the arrival on the scene of a new world teacher soon.
Major religions support donation as a beneficial and generous act.
All major religions accept organ donation as a gift of life to another person.
All major religions approve of donation.
All major religions approve of organ and tissue donation and consider donation the greatest gift.
All major religions approve of organ and tissue donation and consider it a gift, an act of charity.
All major religions approve of organ donations.
All major religions declare that molestation and rape of women are grave sins.
All major religions have codes of behaviour which contribute to the national sense of ethics.
All major religions have respect for creation.
All major religions have two aspects.
All major religions hold services in Central Vermont.
All major religions support eye donation.
All major religions support organ and tissue donation.
All major religions support organ donation.
All major religions teach peace, tolerance, and love.
All major religions teach some variation of the values of love, compassion, and justice.
All major religions teach that theft is an evil act.
Every major religion teaches about the laws of cause and effect.
Many major religions place a significance upon doves.
Most major religions consider organ donation to be a gift of life to another person.
Most major religions emphasize giving and have created organizations to encourage it.
Most major religions have monastic traditions.
Most major religions support organ and tissue donation and the concept of brain death.
Some major religions have large sects with additional scriptures or important works.
Major renovation is planned for the downtown area.
Major renovations are underway in both classrooms.
Major renovations are underway in Laredo's aged school buildings.
Major renovations are well underway including lobby renovations depicted in rendering below.
Major repair is necessary, such as cabling or bolting a split fork.
Major repairs are a valid reason to reduce a price.
Most major repairs occur after the manufacturer's warranty expires.
Major requirement is a research project.
Major requirement is the ability to answer and handle multiple phone lines.
Major requirements are clear and reasonable.
Major requirements are flexible and there are many electives from which to choose.
Major requirements are germplasm collections, genome centers, databases and comparative databasing.
Major requirements are the same for either degree.
Major requirements are the same.
Major requirements change frequently.
Major requirements come in a variety of shapes and forms.
Major Requirements Confer with assigned major advisor.
Major Requirements See academic advising for a detailed listing of the degree requirements .
Major Requirements See catalog or major worksheet for requirements, if applicable.
Major Requirements See individual program for each major.
Major research is currently under way to develop and determine suitable substitutes for asbestos.
Major research is integral to the initiative.
Major research is required.
Major research needs to be directed toward the production of safe, renewable energy.
All major research reveals that internet users have the greatest buying power.
Major reserves exist in, among other places, North Africa and China.
Major resources are job databases with enormous listings of employment opportunities.
Major respondents are State governments.
Major response is on collection, transfer and disposal of waste.
Major responsibilities are to ensure package is delivered on a timely basis.
Major responsibility includes daily management of assigned client accounts.
Major responsibility involves telephone interviews and miscellaneous office tasks.
Major restrictions regarding property, communication, or environment also apply.
Major retailers maintain very demanding requirements, especially for a new product.
Major retailers receive volume shipments from manufacturers to their warehouses.
Major retailers report they are unaffected by shipping bottlenecks.
Major retailers supply both fresh cut trees and artificial trees on line.
All major retailers have console trailers playing in store.
Many major retailers have big teams of buyers scouting for new products.
Many major retailers participate.
Most major retailers have web sites that support online ordering.
Major revenue is derived from agriculture, tourism, major league teams, and shipping.
Major revision is requested.
Major revisions are pending.
Major revisions contain enough alterations to render change markers meaningless.
Some major revisions are pending and are being reviewed by the course chair.
All major rides have some kind of age, weight, or height restriction.
Major ridges are either massive or composite with linear longitudinal pattern on their crest.
Major risk factors associate with infection.
Major risks associated with bonds include credit risk, inflation risk and interest rate risk.
Major river is the Colorado river.
Major rivers flow into a series of lagoons.
Major rivers flow into the Pacific Ocean.
All major rivers are likely to record increase in water levels but remain below the danger level.
Most major rivers are above flood stage.
Major roads are all weather.
Major roads are asphalt and well-maintained.
Major roads are drivable during daylight hours.
Major roads are excellent and well signposted in Arabic and English.
Major roads are thick black lines.
Major roads connect it with central Europe and Istanbul.
Major roads run east-west and streets are also split off compass points.
Major roads run north, south, east and west connecting Woden to the rest of Canberra.
Major roads turn out to be minor roads which in turn end up as rough tracks or even goat tracks.
All major roads are tarmac and most secondary roads are all-weather.
All major roads lead there and the location has been good for business, until now.
Most major roads are excellent.
Most major roads are tar-sealed, but secondary roads are predominantly dirt and gravel.
Most major roads have bike lanes.
Major roadways are slushy but passable.
Major roles are available for four males and four females.
All major rooms contain stone fireplaces.
All major rooms have cheap rate electric heaters installed.
All major rooms open directly onto courts and decks.
Major route resolver routine.
Major routes are the highest priority and receive the most attention.
Major routes exist to all of Scotland s main city s.
Major routes have the prefix 'E' and motorways 'A'.
All major routes are within five minutes of the airport facility.
Most major routes run east-west.
Major sales outlet for European rail passes and tickets.
Most major sales involve several people.
Major savings come from using white or light colored roofs to reflect heat away in hot climates.
Major savings result from the closure of excess capacity in the nursing home system.
Major sawmills operate in Garfield.
A major scale is musical notation
Major scales are modes.
Major scales are scales.
Major scales follow a certain pattern of tones and semitones .
Major scales form one mode and minor scales another.
Major scales have twelve different transpositions .
Major scales have twelve different transpositions.
All major scales are to be played from memory in any order.
All major scales utilize the same scale-building formula in their construction.
Every Major scale has a relative or natural minor scale.
Major scholars cover the critical issues and major approaches in congressional studies with insight.
Major scholarships are available.
Major schools offer full scholarships, receive corporate support, even fly to selected matches.
Major screen burn.
Major screenwriters give coverage services.
All major seams are double-stitched for durability and long wear.
Major sections are devoted to hardware and software requirements, server setup, and client setup.
Major sections are in bold typeface.
Major sections are in bold.
Major sections are in topics such as christianity, morality and religious hate.
Major sections are stratigraphy, tectonics, igneous activity, metamorphism, and marine geology.
Major sections cover bacteria, fungi, protists, and viruses.
Major sections cover writing techniques, editors, agents and getting published.
Major sections deal with study methodology, findings, and implications.
All major sections are to be included in the package.
Most major sections are available from the left column headlines.
Most major sections are pre-assembled and ready glazed.
Some major sections are completely uncited.
Major sequences begin in the fall.
All major series recommend a conservative attitude because salvage laryngectomy provides a cure.
Many major services are already on-line and undergoing continual service improvement.
Many major settlement have neither roads nor trains.
Major shifts take time, but there is no question that fresh opportunities exist.
All major shippers can deliver overnight to our facility.
Major shocks come from external prices and price corrections.
All major shops accept credit cards.
Major shopping is conducted in adjoining communities.
Major shopping is only a few steps away.
Major shopping is twenty minutes away in Palm Desert.
Major shopping is within easy driving distance.
All major sights are within walking distance of the hotel.
All major signage is in English or is bilingual.
Major sin draws it's power from simple choices.
Major SINs announce new entries via special newsgroups or mailing lists.
Major site clean up.
Major site redesign Individual sections of the site now each have their own page.
Major site update again today.
Major site update.
Major site updates every couple of weeks, personals and links updated daily.
Major sites appear on list highlighted.
All major sites have privacy policies set out but the content appears to vary considerably.
All major sites use CGI script.
Every major site offers content that can generally be found elsewhere.
Most major sites exclude the beggars and hawkers from within the actual monuments.
Most major sites filter incoming email to look for spam and viruses.
Major soils are of moderate extent.
Major soils are on stream terraces and relict basin floors.
Major source is disturbance of soil for agriculture and forestry.
Major sources are egg yolk and soybeans.
Major sources are food processing, tanneries, composting, and pulp and paper mills.
Major sources are pulvarized coal-burning boilers.
Major sources are scientific and technical journals and conference proceedings.
Some major sources contribute to intake.
Some major sources contribute to sodium intake.
Major spoilers follow.
Major sponsors can expect some of the following perks, depending on the level of the sponsorship.
Major sponsors can have their products and services showcased on our lifestyle page.
Major sponsors receive prominent recognition in conference program and throughout the conference.
Major sponsors receive top billing.
All major sponsors are publicly and visually acknowledged at each event.
Major sponsorship is provided by the Central Coast Regional District .
Major sponsorship is provided by the Central Coast Regional District.
Major sports bring television's corruption to the campus.
Major sports covered include football, basketball, baseball, and wrestling.
Major sports covered include volleyball, softball, and basketball.
All major sports are more or less played in Ireland.
All major sports have companies support it through commercials or billboards at the stadiums.
Major steps appear to be create a file, create a page, and create a link.
All major stockholders are also full time employees.
Most major storages are in a good position.
Major store is gas station, beer store, video, bait and tackle, groceries.
All major stores have web sites.
Many major stores are already online and offer online shopping.
Most major stores have websites and many smaller ones do, too.
Major storms can cause a big drop in the cosmic-ray count for a day or two.
Major storms can occur at any time of the year.
Major storms can put people in peril and can seriously disrupt our regional economy.
Major storms create the largest long term changes in the shore.
Major storms remove sand from beaches and deposit it on sandbars.
Some major storms produce powdery snow.
Some major storms produce snow.
Major stories cover both editions, but sometimes with different emphasis.
Major stories have a way of making media careers.
Major stories have links to other sites for background information.
Major streams originate from the Brooks Range and are structurally controlled by the bedrock.
Every major stream controls the base level of the streams flowing into it.
Major streets are home to families, who line the avenues begging for money, food and cloth.
Major streets are mostly one-way traffic speedways, noticeably hostile to pedestrians.
Major streets are the most dangerous.
Major streets can be quite congested, yet most side streets are quiet.
Major streets have priority for resurfacing because they serve the greatest number of people.
Most major streets receive further engineering analysis to decide on resurfacing needs.
Major strength is product engineering and development.
Major strength is the ability to analyze a situation and develop a simple, cost-effective solution.
Major strengths are in molecular biology, epidemiology, clinical trials, and drug development.
Major stress can cause one to have nightmares.
Major students complete a dissertation and undertake at least two of the available modules.
All major students complete a senior project which is presented to the public.
Major studies reveal multiple advantages when students participate in the arts.
Major studies take place in physical oceanography, and marine biology.
Major study finds no link between overhead power cables and childhood cancer.
Major study is made of relationships between the consumer and government, business, and labor.
All major studies show it to be quite small.
Major stuff comes up.
Major stuff is in our newly devised tick tack toe format.
Major subjects are coryza, diphtheria, esophagal and pharyngeal diseases, and tonsillitis.
Major subjects are interesting application programs or related subjects.
Major subjects are landscapes, florals, scenic views and others.
Major subjects describe the most significant topics, or focus, of the article.
Major subjects taken up are as follows.
Some major subjects are history, language, literature and politics.
A major suit is a suit
Major suit spades or hearts.
Major supermarkets have areas.
Most major supermarkets can get it.
Most major supermarkets carry at least several fresh herbs.
Most major supermarkets have areas.
Major suppliers are Holland, Colombia and Israel, as well as Spain, Denmark, Italy and Africa.
Major suppliers are the United States, Germany, and Japan.
Major suppliers are within driving distance which saves tons in shipping .
Major supplies come into supermarkets from California, Florida and New Jersey.
Major surface features with enhanced infrared satellite image overlaid.
Major surgery can shatter that image, and with it the concept of self-sustaining health.
Major surgery causes problems.
Major surgery includes invasion of a body cavity, the vascular system or the skeletal system.
Major surgery is an operation
Major surgery is defined as any surgery in which a major body cavity is opened.
Major surgery is operations.
Major surgery is surgical treatments.
Major surgery is usually an anxiety producing event in anyone's life.
Major surgery requires a one year waiting period.
Any major surgery puts stresses on the body, and changes the way the body functions normally.
Most major surgery causes problems.
Major surprises can arise at any moment.
All major surveys show that trolls have steadily decreased in numbers.
Major suspicions are they pass on viruses and bacteria which do the actual damage to colonies.
Major symptom is pain.
Major symptom is progressive shortness of breath.
Major symptoms are extreme thirst and excessive urine output .
Major symptoms are perivaginal itching or burning depending on species.
Major system upgrades, see below.
Major systems are redundant functionally, to avoid the cost and mass of duplicate hardware.
Major systems includes testing and evaluation of mostly defense-related systems.
All major systems are easily accessible for service.
All major systems are ready now.
All major systems look fine.
Many major systems depend on manifold vacuum for signals and function.
Major task is to develop interface circuits for the system bus.
Major tasks require regulations.
All major tasks are integrated service delivery standards, policy development, and funding.
Most major tasks are as easy to accomplish as pressing a button and answering a few questions.
Most major tasks require regulations.
Major tastes are sour, sweet and salty.
Every major technique needed to develop a competitive game engine is addressed and explained.
Major telcos are notorious for lousy service.
Major television is part of the problem.
Major tenants have very specific corporate lease requirements.
Major terrain features.
Many major territories are still available.
All major tests are calculation tests performed on the ten-key electronic calculator.
Major themes are critical analysis and effective utilization of published research.
Major themes are easily identifiable.
Major themes are life-course issues, including cohort historical effects.
Major themes are population growth and concomitant demands on energy and resources.
Some major themes running through the strip include gender roles, norm violations and perceptions.
Major theories held by neurologists believe that gradual deterioration of the brain is the cause.
Major therapy is surgery.
Major thirds are possible also.
Major thoroughfares are crowded, and trucks and buses frequently predominate.
Major threats are loss of habitat, pesticide usage and chytrid fungus.
Major thrust is psychotherapy.
Major thrust is that of citizen participation.
Major thrusts are to implement regulations on the beekeeping community.
Major time is spent in seeking, using, or recovering from the effects of use.
Major topics are apvectors and structs .
Major topics are civic virtue, civic participation, and civic knowledge and skills.
Major topics are classical and nonparametric analysis of variance, and regression analysis.
Major topics are descriptive and inferential statistics.
Major topics are feedback, cascade, ratio, and feed forward control schemes.
Major topics are human systems, metabolism, and microbiology.
Major topics are schools, teacher's salaries, and universities.
Major topics are security analysis and portfolio management.
Major topics are the origin and evolution of life, mountain building, and continental drift.
Major topics are the theories of relativity, quantum mechanics, particle physics, and cosmology.
Major topics are water resources, waste management, air quality and biodiversity.
Major topics cover selection, training, performance appraisal, and compensation administration.
Major topics covered are smallpox, polio, measles, and vaccinations.
Major topics covered include stoichiometry, atomic and molecular structure and states of matter.
Major topics emphasize structure and diversity within communities and ecosystems.
Major topics follow.
Every major topic is covered.
Every major topic is seen over and over again.
Major tournaments are world-wide special every year.
Major towns are small and simple.
Major towns have plenty of taxis and local bus services.
Major towns provide sewerage and drainage systems for residential and business use.
All major towns have radio stations and cable television.
Every major town has one.
Most major towns have cinemas.
Most major towns have several bars that sell both local and imported beers, wines and spirits.
Major toxicity consists of myelosuppression and diarrhea.
Major toxicity is rare.
Major track racing now acts as a summer treat for steeplechase fans.
Every major tradition agrees human beings are animals of desire.
Major traffickers use methods developed in the printing industry to perforate the paper sheets.
Major trains carry restaurant cars.
Major training is basic programs in law enforcement skills.
Major transitions affect functions.
Major transitions unleash powerful conflicting forces in people.
Most major transitions affect functions.
Major transportation provides easy access to other cities in and out of state.
Major transportation provides easy access to other cities in and out of the state.
Major trauma is life threatening or potentially life threatening injury.
All major treatment require an appropriate down payment.
Major treaties are too important to be left to the diplomats.
Major trend is consolidation.
Major trips have their own payment schedules with intermediate payments.
Major typos are the number one reason for stopping the presses.
Major uncertainties remain on the timing, magnitude and regional patterns of climate change.
Some major uncertainty relates to projections.
Some major uncertainty relates to term projections.
Major units are different for each grade level.
Major universities are nearby or easily accessible.
Major universities launch consortium in Internet studies.
Major universities offer bachelor level degrees through distance education.
Major universities stress the research aspects of psychology.
Major universities tend to have education services groups that develop in-house learning systems.
Major universities use steaming media to facilitate distributive education programs.
All major universities have high-profile fundraising campaigns from time to time.
All major universities have there websites with detailed information and links.
Most major universities incorporate some kind of routine review of all faculty.
Most major universities use their athletic programs as fund-raising tools.
Major update continues following a very good year.
Major updates are available for a nominal fee.
Major updates are once again in progress.
Major updates are still ongoing.
Major updates occur approximately twice each year.
Major upgrades are available for a nominal fee.
Major upgrades are generally about half the full price.
Major upgrades are subject to a fee .
Major upgrades contain major new features and enhancements to existing features.
Major upgrades require comprehensive planning in order to succeed.
Major upgrades take time.
Every major upgrade goes through a shakedown period.
Major uplift can cause profound changes in the global oceanic and atmospheric circulation patterns.
Major uses are for animal feed, corn meal, cornstarch, high fructose corn syrup, ethanol.
Major use is as rangeland.
Major use is for silage.
Major use is made of intense X-ray and synchrotron radiation as well as theoretical work.
Major use is non-invasive monitoring.
Major use is to select starting dose for effectiveness studies.
Major users are TV and film makers and newspaper and radio journalists.
All major utilities are on site and are capable of supporting industrial useage requirements.
All major utilities are present.
Major variation is found in Guatemala.
Most major varieties are available year-round due to advanced storage methods.
Major vegetation is likewise peculiar and above all made to human measures.
Major vegetation is likewise peculiar and above all made to man's measures.
All major vendors give discounts.
Many major vendors have a virus information database online on their web sites.
Most major vendors release security bulletins to customers.
Major versions are available at a special upgrade price to licensed users.
All major vineyards employ an automatic bottling line to bottle their wines.
Major violations are convictions which indicate a disregard for safety.
Major violations result from actions that cause an extensive recruiting or competitive advantage.
Major violence begins in Northern Ireland.
All major virus scanning software vendors provide free updates on their Web sites.
Major volcanic events take places.
Major wars loom over territorial and distributional problems.
Major wars offer nothing but disaster for aggressors.
All major wars are always against a civilian population in the outcome.
Major wash Do a major wash at night.
Major water uses at the plant are for sauce and steam.
All major Web hosting companies offer remote monitoring and management services.
Some major wildfires lead to death.
Major winner is the crime book aficiando, who receives a payoff in chuckles.
Major wish comes true.
Major work is done by agencies and community groups.
Major work is litigation.
Major work is needed to develop the strategy to build that over time.
Major work related to boundary changes is complete.
Major work remains to be done in the area of oversight and monitoring.
Major Works are subject to a public hearing.
Major works represent large investments of an artist's time.
All major work is brought in by appointment only.
Any major work is sent to the system shops in Altoona.
Many major works remain unrecorded.
Major workers are larger and serve as soldiers to defend against predators.
Major workers have a very large head in proportion to their bodies.
Major worries disappear.
Major wounds involve bleeding.
Major wounds require the help of a professional.
All major writers are available in first and important editions.
Most major zoos offer sites with online exhibits.
A major is a commissioned officer
Majors acquire an ability to understand, speak, read, and write a foreign language.
Majors adopt either a general or a mathematical approach to the study of economics.
Majors also can acquire teaching certification.
Majors also complete a capstone experience that involves advanced research.
Majors also complete a minor in a second academic area.
Majors also complete requirements in aural skills, sight singing, and piano proficiency.
Majors also gain competence in a discipline and in conducting research.
Majors also gain competence in a discipline area and in conducting research.
Majors also have an opportunity to contact directly alumni.
Majors also take a senior seminar which addresses the nature of economic theory as a whole.
Majors also take classes in marketing and management.
Majors also take four courses in related subjects.
Majors also take studio art classes.
Majors appear in the table below.
Majors apply their investigative and interpretive skills in a senior thesis.
Majors are able to draw inferences from sets of information and can analyze data presented.
Majors are also well poised for positions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
Majors are always being added, so check back often.
Majors are available in chemistry and physics .
Majors are available in counselor education and educational administration and supervision.
Majors are available in materials science and engineering and mining engineering-metallurgy.
Majors are available in mining engineering and in metallurgical engineering.
Majors are available in music and music education.
Majors are available in philosophy or in philosophy-religion.
Majors are available only in the five content subject areas listed below.
Majors are blocks of courses in an academic subject or a field of several related subjects.
Majors are discipline.
Majors are eligible for department funds to offset some of the costs of summer study.
Majors are eligible for membership in Sigma Tau Delta, the English honor society.
Majors are explored and opportunities for career planning are available.
Majors are free to choose anyone from the faculty as their faculty adviser.
Majors are in parenthesis.
Majors are in sixteen fields, and students choose from among twenty-nine concentrations.
Majors are mainly in business field.
Majors are on a first-name basis with professors.
Majors are part of the process that leads to earning a degree.
Majors are prepared to address and solve problems that involve people in their cultural contexts.
Majors are prepared to work in publishing, advertising and the media.
Majors are qualified for immediate employment in industry.
Majors are responsible for meeting the requirements for graduation.
Majors are responsible for periodic advising sessions to ensure progress toward their degree.
Majors are responsive to environmental and societal needs.
Majors are self-declared.
Majors are shows that are classified as three, four or five points.
Majors are shows where three or more points are given.
Majors are students.
Majors are unable to take required courses.
Majors are well prepared for graduate work and entry-level professional positions.
Majors automatically satisfy two III.W requirements in the course of completing the major.
Majors begin by taking a number of survey courses giving a broad familiarity with the major works.
Majors bring together information and observations to inform and address societal problems.
Majors build on a strong core of mathematics or computer science courses.
Majors build programs around particular areas or topics of international significance.
Majors can access sources of information and data.
Majors can also acquire proficiency in statistical analysis and foreign language usage.
Majors can also engage in study abroad programs and study tours to various countries.
Majors can also select up to two Graduate courses in the specialized group.
Majors can assist professors as teaching assistants and tutors in the writing lab.
Majors can check out material for designated periods and book appointments to view films and videos.
Majors can choose among four tracks depending on how intensively they wish to study the languages.
Majors can choose web development skills including electronic commerce skills.
Majors can count two electives toward the major.
Majors can draw inference from information and can analyze data presented.
Majors can engage in study abroad programs and study tours to various countries.
Majors can prepare for careers in the management of law enforcement and correctional organizations.
Majors can produce a thesis for graduation with honors.
Majors can specialize in cultural anthropology , archaeology , and biological anthropology .
Majors can specialize in one area or diversify across all areas depending on career goals.
Majors can supplement our course offerings with a study abroad experience during their junior year.
Majors can use instruments commonly used in the discipline.
Majors choose a concentration in either studio art or commercial design.
Majors choose a distinct concentration in family, health, or consumer policy.
Majors choose at least six additional hours in philosophy.
Majors choose four additional journalism courses as their electives.
Majors Click on a link to download a chart of majors offered at each college or university.
Majors complete a common core of psychology courses.
Majors complete a concentration in quantitative measurement or biochemistry.
Majors complete a core program together with one of four sequences.
Majors complete at least one semester of advanced research.
Majors complete at least one unit of work in each of the following areas.
Majors complete courses in microbiology, biochemistry, microbial genetics and immunology.
Majors complete their studies with a senior research seminar.
Majors continue to meet rigorous standards that have long been a tradition in the department.
Majors continues to automate programs to accommodate the special needs of the customers they serve.
Majors contribute to the campus newspaper and yearbook.
Majors count for double points.
Majors declare their minors with their major advisers.
Majors design and conduct their own research projects.
Majors develop an understanding of group behavior and social influences on individual behavior.
Majors develop cutting-edge technology and strong managerial skills.
Majors emerge well prepared for professional study.
Majors encourages candor and reflection.
Majors enjoy excellent placement in leading Chicago and southeastern Wisconsin firms.
Majors establish important professional contacts and gain work experience.
Majors focus strong print journalism skills on family and consumer issues.
Majors follow a program leading to a Bachelor of Arts degree in Spanish.
Majors gain experience as teaching assistants working with diverse body of students.
Majors gain hands-on experience in every facet of teaching preschoolers.
Majors generally perform at least once during the semester.
Majors get first crack, then seniors, then everyone else.
Majors go on to interesting careers all over the world.
Majors graduate ready for careers where advocacy is the goal.
Majors have a flexible set of requirements, reflecting the very broad scope of the field.
Majors have a variety of career options in which language skills have proven invaluable.
Majors have access to a dedicated faculty with a variety of skills and interests.
Majors have access to the departmental library and computers.
Majors have access to two computer laboratories and a third is under construction .
Majors have an opportunity for paid work experience related to their area of study.
Majors have an opportunity to show what they are learning and practice teaching.
Majors have appropriate computer skills.
Majors have competence in various observation methods and have data acquisition skills.
Majors have data acquisition skills.
Majors have durations of several minutes to, on very rare occasions, as much as an hour.
Majors have extensive contact with faculty.
Majors have individual study carrels, a lounge, and keys to the building and laboratories.
Majors have no sense of humor.
Majors have opportunities to earn course credit as peer mentors and as peer tutors.
Majors have problem solving skills.
Majors have the option of writing an honors thesis during their senior year.
Majors have varied backgrounds and an exciting and active chemistry club.
Majors Here is our most accurate list of current majors.
Majors inthe social sciences are popular choices for students interested in graduate or law school.
Majors keep their accounts until they graduate.
Majors lead to a baccalaureate degree.
Majors learn how other cultures communicate with one another.
Majors learn how to develop surveys and experiments, gather data, and analyze and interpret results.
Majors learn to perform a variety of sport, fitness, and dance activities personally.
Majors like to compare grades in a particularly smug manner.
Majors listed below have additional foreign language requirements.
Majors Listing Find out more information about possible majors from the directory.
Majors live in the dry interior of Australia, and also in the west.
Majors looking for world class deposits sometimes overlook smaller high grade deposits.
Majors master a variety of operating systems and platforms.
Majors now have the option of selecting digital media or traditional media as their specialization.
Majors offered by the department provide a good background for a carrer in government.
Majors only- with permission of department.
Majors participate as soloists, chamber musicians, conductors, composers, arrangers and lecturers.
Majors participate in internships, student teaching or related work experiences.
Majors prepare assignments in Spanish, non-majors in English.
Majors present reports on their research to the department at an annual Undergraduate Research Day.
Majors progress through the curriculum by passing courses in sequential fashion.
Majors publishes a variety of catalogs for the bookstore and library markets.
Majors pursue several tracks, though a large proportion are involved in preprofessional training.
Majors qualify for a great variety of career fields and are well prepared for graduate study.
Majors range from molecular biology to women's studies.
Majors range from sociology to art history.
Majors read original texts.
Majors receive a weekly private lesson and attend a bi-weekly seminar.
Majors register each quarter for a credited production assignment.
Majors register for each fall and winter semester for two year period.
Majors require different aptitudes, special talents, and job interests.
Majors scales in two octaves through five sharps and flats.
Majors scare everybody.
Majors see advisors any time they wish.
Majors See the guidelines for proposals below.
Majors select a single language in which to concentrate.
Majors select from one of three areas of concentration described below.
Majors select from one of three areas of concentration.
Majors select one concentration.
Majors spend a semester or a year in study abroad .
Majors spend a semester or a year in study abroad.
Majors study the theory, design, development, and application of information systems.
Majors supported by one or two faculty members are problematic.
Majors take a variety of skills and theory courses while acquiring a strong liberal arts background.
Majors take at least four laboratory courses to fulfill requirements.
Majors take special topics as part of European history pathway.
Majors take special topics as part of non-Western history pathway.
Majors take the seven required courses plus three electives.
Majors tend to leek toward graduate study in law, theology, medicine, or education.
Majors tend to seek employment in government service, education, business, journalism or law.
Majors tend to seek employment in government service, education, business, journalism, or law.
Majors then move on to upper-level survey courses and advanced seminars.
Majors typically have numerous prerequisites and sequenced course requirements.
Majors understand the cellular basis of life.
Majors understand the origin of life and the process of evolution.
Majors work directly with student athletes under the supervision of a certified athletic trainer.
Majors frequently pursue law degrees or other graduate or professional education.
Majors often have opportunities to study with faculty members on research projects.
Majors usually use collateral math courses to satisfy the minor.
All majors also produce a senior research project related to their own interests and knowledge.
All majors apply.
All majors are acceptable.
All majors are also available as minors.
All majors are at least thirty six credit hours and several are more.
All majors are available, regardless of college choice.
All majors are difficult.
All majors are eligible .
All majors are eligible for an internship position.
All majors are eligible to apply for the program.
All majors are eligible to enroll.
All majors are eligible to join.
All majors are eligible to participate in cooperative education.
All majors are eligible to participate.
All majors are eligible.
All majors are open to nontraditional students.
All majors are subject to a performance review.
All majors are subject to an academic performance review.
All majors are welcome and all meetings are open to anyone.
All majors are welcome and are strongly encouraged to apply.
All majors are welcome and encouraged to join.
All majors are welcome and no computer experience is required.
All majors are welcome and no particular technical skills are required.
All majors are welcome to apply to the program.
All majors are welcome to apply.
All Majors are welcome to attend any meeting.
All majors are welcome to attend.
All majors are welcome to events and meetings.
All majors are welcome to join the club at any time.
All majors are welcome to join.
All majors are welcome to participate.
All majors are welcome to visit the table.
All majors are welcome, and encouraged to apply.
All majors are welcome, and flexible schedules are available.
All majors are welcome.
All Majors are welcome.
All majors are wide in scope and demanding in content.
All majors attend a weekly recital hour which provides a performance venue for all.
All majors can join at any time in the semester.
All majors can lead to successful careers.
All majors can participate.
All Majors click here .
All majors complete a research project in their senior year.
All majors complete a senior project under individual direction by a faculty member.
All majors complete a set of core courses in applied economics, business and communications.
All majors complete a solid foundation of business, general education and cultural values courses.
All majors complete an original research project during their senior year.
All majors complete an undergraduate research project supervised by one of the faculty.
All majors complete the introductory course in psychology and a course on careers in psychology.
All majors consist of a core curriculum plus the prescribed electives.
All majors consist of no fewer than twenty-four hours in the major department.
All majors currently review applicants for lower division requirements.
All majors engage in either a research project or internship their junior or senior year.
All majors enroll in an internship program during the last semester of their senior year.
All majors enroll in the same core courses.
All majors examine economics and government policy as they relate to agriculture.
All majors have a faculty member as their adviser.
All majors have ample performance opportunities.
All majors have their own specific requirements.
All majors learn to write effectively, read critically, solve problems, and analyze information.
All majors meet frequently with faculty.
All majors offer academic credit for internships that meet academic requirements.
All majors offer rewarding careers.
All majors participate in an internship during the last semester of their senior year.
All majors participate in departmental review processes.
All majors participate in three, credit-bearing field experiences prior to student teaching.
All majors receive a solid grounding in the liberal arts as well as the fundamentals of business.
All majors receive one complimentary ticket to each of the nine productions.
All majors receive training and supervision in field research from our faculty.
All majors receive training in mathematics, physics, and computer science.
All majors receive weekly private instruction in their major area of applied study.
All majors require four full years of study.
All majors seek to discover and apply knowledge to improve the quality of human life.
All majors select an academic adviser who is a member of the international relations core faculty.
All majors start the program with a strong foundation in design and drawing.
All majors take a basic reporting course and the introductory magazine article writing course.
All majors take a common core of courses, including both experimental and applied areas.
All majors take a common core of courses.
All majors take a senior capstone course.
All majors take a senior seminar and submit a senior portfolio.
All majors take at least one research seminar in their junior or senior year.
All majors take courses in writing, language, and literature.
All majors take directing studios and are responsible for initiating several projects and plays.
All majors take Introduction to Studio Art and Drawing.
All majors take media writing as their first skills course.
All majors take the following courses.
All majors take the following eight courses.
All majors take the Senior Seminar in the spring semester of the senior year.
All majors take the seven core classes.
All majors welcom.
All majors welcome to apply.
All majors welcome, but business experience is preferred.
All majors welcome, no experience necessary.
All majors welcome.
All Majors welcome.
All majors work closely with an advisor.
All majors write a senior thesis and present a senior portfolio of their work.
Any major can feed into the elementary program.
Any major can lead to a number of careers.
Any major can lead to a variety of career paths.
Any major can lead to a variety of different careers.
Any major can maintain a credential file to include transcripts and letters of recommendation.
Any major can take part.
Any major is acceptable as long as the above premed requirements are completed.
Any major is acceptable as long as the following prerequisites are completed.
Any major is acceptable for one to apply to law school.
Any major is acceptable, provided it permits completion of course entry requirements.
Any major is acceptable, provided it permits completion of course requirements.
Any major is acceptable.
Any major is appropriate for medical school preparation.
Any major is invited and welcome.
Any major is possible as long as prematriculation requirements are met.
Any majors is considered as long as it relates to the government process.
Every major goes through a program review every five years.
Every major has a designated capstone writing course.
Every major has specialties.
Every major is assigned a key adviser to advise exploring students.
Every major is designed to help individuals develop specialized skills and knowledge.
Many majors also find jobs in business and in nongovernmental organizations.
Many majors also require additional science courses.
Many majors are more than eight courses.
Many majors continue their studies in graduate school or go on to law school.
Many majors do more than the minimum.
Many majors elect to double major in physics and some other discipline.
Many majors emphasize a particular area of mathematics in their course work.
Many majors find themselves interested in pursuing further training in biology or a related field.
Many majors go into business.
Many majors go into industry after graduation and experience great success as trainers.
Many majors go into industry after graduation and experience great success.
Many majors go on to advanced study in graduate or professional schools and seminaries.
Many majors go on to careers in business, international law, or teaching.
Many majors have a great number of occupations that are possible to pursue.
Many majors have accreditation in their field.
Many majors have Double Counted Courses .
Many majors have professional societies on campus.
Many majors have special general studies requirements.
Many majors have the same name as the academic department.
Many majors involve classes that require a great deal of reading.
Many majors offer honors programs.
Many majors offer internship classes as a part of their curriculum.
Many majors offer options for fulfilling requirements.
Many majors offer specialized study abroad programs.
Many majors require a particular course.
Many majors require grade-points higher than the average.
Many majors require or recommend that students have a working knowledge of computers.
Many majors require specific courses in the general education core areas.
Many majors require students to complete a practicum, while others encourage internships.
Many majors require that a student select a particular course within the list of optional courses.
Many majors require third level writing classes in their disciplines.
Many majors specify certain courses for part of the liberal studies requirements.
Many majors start out with no math background and do very well.
Many majors undertake independent Honors projects.
Many majors use their philosophy training in the practical realm of business and personnel.
Most majors also enroll in internships in clinical, business, or government settings.
Most majors also participate in research projects in faculty laboratories.
Most majors are available.
Most majors are participants in the society.
Most majors become fluent in a foreign language.
Most majors begin the interview process during the third semester of study.
Most majors complete an approved minor.
Most majors do take work in other areas, and often at other schools here or abroad.
Most majors encourage students to study abroad, too.
Most majors engage in research projects where they work closely with faculty.
Most majors enter the job market as programmers.
Most majors find a variety of rewarding careers in government, law, and business.
Most majors find it rewarding to study in the department's regular seminars and courses.
Most majors have a very clear sense of calling to ministry.
Most majors have secondary school teacher certification option.
Most majors have specific preparation courses.
Most majors hold off on it as long as possible, even to their last semester.
Most majors lead to a variety of careers.
Most majors offer at least one or two major courses taught in English.
Most majors offer considerable scope for independent study and research.
Most majors offer internship programs.
Most majors provide the opportunity for senior year independent study or research.
Most majors pursue academic careers in biology or become health professionals.
Most majors remain open after the priority filing periods.
Most majors require a capstone experience, typically a year of research or other scholarship.
Most majors require a seminar equivalent or special individual project.
Most majors require a student to complete an internship to graduate.
Most majors require at least two years to complete their requirements.
Most majors require more.
Most majors require students to take cognates.
Most majors take applications for the spring semester.
Most majors take four years of Russian language courses, including a one-quarter stay in Moscow.
Some majors acquire a teaching certificate so they can also teach in the public schools.
Some majors admit only once per year.
Some majors allow a very limited number of electives to count toward graduation hours.
Some majors allow more flexibility than others.
Some majors allow waiver of the minor requirement.
Some majors also have additional math requirements, as listed below.
Some majors also require completion of a foreign language requirement.
Some majors also require courses outside of the department.
Some majors are harder than others.
Some majors are in different colleges at other universities.
Some majors are very large and thus split between two advisors.
Some majors complete a related interdisciplinary minor in Cognitive Science.
Some majors consist mainly of courses in one department, and some are highly interdisciplinary.
Some majors draw competencies from more than one program area.
Some majors elect to pursue philosophy after completion of their undergraduate degrees.
Some majors emphasize practical experience in addition to classwork.
Some majors enter teaching at the secondary level, or with graduate study, at the college level.
Some majors fit under two or more colleges.
Some majors go to graduate school in an area other than economics.
Some majors have a choice of concentrations.
Some majors have a direct correlation with specific careers.
Some majors have a foreign language requirement.
Some Majors have a higher standard.
Some majors have additional requirements which are outlined in the admissions application.
Some majors have additional requirements.
Some majors have higher grade point average requirements.
Some majors have limited enrollment and admission is highly selective.
Some majors have other requirements, such as an additional year of advanced math or lab science.
Some majors have other requirements.
Some majors have restrictions on what minors can be chosen.
Some majors have several hundred courses in the database.
Some majors have special admission requirements and restrictions.
Some majors have special core requirements.
Some majors have specific admission criteria.
Some majors have specific general ed.
Some majors have specific math requirements.
Some majors have specific requirements within the core curriculum.
Some majors leave room for only a small amount of elective credit.
Some majors offer curricular options subsituting additional recitals for a dissertation.
Some majors offer more than one degree and most offer a minor program as well.
Some majors offer opportunities to study in a specialized area of interest.
Some majors offer specializations within the major, which dictate different programs of study.
Some majors pursue careers in business, law, government, publishing, and the arts.
Some majors recommend particular certificate programs to their students.
SOME majors require a 'C' in specific courses used for the major.
Some majors require a credit experience.
Some majors require a higher average.
Some majors require a higher cumulative grade point average for graduation.
Some majors require a higher cumulative grade point average.
Some majors require a higher GPA than others.
Some majors require a higher grade-point average.
Some majors require a higher grade-point index, along with specific course work.
Some majors require a minor.
Some majors require a specific course.
Some majors require a specific minor code.
Some majors require additional proficiency.
Some majors require an internship and award academic credit.
Some majors require application to the internship.
Some majors require certain general education requirements.
Some majors require cognates as well.
Some majors require considerably more study time.
Some majors require higher GPAs for admission to departmental honors.
Some majors require internships.
Some majors require matching courses for transfer.
Some majors require more advance planning than others.
Some majors require more hours.
Some majors require more math.
Some majors require more mathematics preparation.
Some majors require more than the minimum.
Some majors require more time than others.
Some majors require more.
Some majors require or recommend specific general education courses.
Some majors require particular general education classes.
Some majors require specific courses to fill general education requirements.
Some majors require specific courses.
Some majors require specific coursework.
Some majors require specific general education courses.
Some majors require specific placement examinations.
Some majors require students to have a minor.
Some majors require that students meet additional admissions requirements.
Some majors require their students to take additional mathematics courses.
Some majors specify a certain number of electives within a field.
Some majors specify or recommend a particular version.
Some majors still maintain a foreign language requirement.
Some majors stress effective written and oral communication.
Some majors strongly correlate to career options, while others are less directly related.
Some majors teach in industry as trainers.
Some majors use a specific typeof computer and having the same computer can be an advantage.
Majority carriers are electrons.
Majority carriers flow from source to drain.
Majority opinion is neither proof nor disproof of personal beliefs.
Majority opinion is opinion
Majority parties rare.
A majority rule is a doctrine
Majority rule applies.
Majority rule benefits a national coalition that holds a majority.
Majority rule has a good ring to it.
Majority rule implies that the minority loses.
Majority rule is a basic tenet of our democracy .
Majority rule is a great achievement when applied to tax-based activities.
Majority rule is cheaper than the unanimity required by markets.
Majority rule is fundamental to the concept of democratic centralism.
Majority rule is increasingly obsolete.
Majority rule is restricted to matters such as the election of officials.
Majority rule is scarcely intolerance.
Majority rule is the first principle of democracy, vulgarly put.
Majority rule is the standard for adopting proposals in a democracy.
Majority rule justifies three people in a lifeboat in killing and eating the other two.
Majority rules are doctrines.
Majority stake is possible much more easily.
Majority tyranny is no less a tyrranny because it is a majority.
Majority vote is four votes.
Majority vote is meaningless unless a quorum is present.
Majority vote is necessary for an amendment to be accepted.
Majority vote is necessary to pass an issue.
Majority vote is required for approval.
Majority vote wins.
Majority voting is just one of the items that have to be resolved at Nice.
A majority is a number
Majorities are ages.
Majorities are both the blessing and the curse of democratic society.
Majorities are easily available to kick a government out of office.
Majorities are numbers.
Majorities are part of adulthood.
Majorities can be dead wrong.
Majorities can be factions too.
Majorities can be financially irresponsible, and oppressive of minorities, or just plain greedy.
Majorities can be just as despotic as tyrants.
Majorities can be just as tyrannical as dictators.
Majorities can be oppressive of minorities.
Majorities can, and often are, misguided in their views.
Majorities establish truth, but revolutionaries initiate and maintain the quest for new truth.
Majorities have characteristics.
Majorities have deficiencies.
Majorities have homology.
Majorities have ideas.
Majorities have physical characteristics.
Majorities have similar characteristics.
Majorities have similar physical characteristics.
Majorities have the ability to control their own choices.
Majorities live in regions.
Majorities occur during years.
Majorities occur within weeks.
Majorities oppose gay marriages, but most in both groups take a pro-choice position on abortion.
Majorities oppose same sex marriages, adoption.
Majorities present theories.
Majorities rule, but all possess equal rights.
Majorities support conclusions.
Majorities support genetic research, testing and gene therapy, including germline gene therapy.
Majorities tend to silence and suppress opposing opinions.
Majorities typically exert more influence than do minorities through compliance or conversion.
Majority appear mildly to moderately ill.
Majority are containerships from the top ranking shipping companies.
Majority are free-living but some parasitic.
Majority are full text online.
Majority are hard to read .
Majority are married.
Majority are multi-lingual and have work experience in more than one country.
Majority are Muslim.
Majority are new, first quality, retail ready with a small percentage of shelf pulls.
Majority are of gastric origin.
Majority are of rich Malay stock with a sprinkling of Chinese, Japanese and Arab blood.
Majority are overweight.
Majority are rabbit polyclonal antibodies.
Majority are semi-detached.
Majority are superhero titles.
Majority are U.S.-trained teachers.
Majority are USA bots but some other countries are represented as well.
Majority are viviparous.
Majority beginning webmasters create their own pages on servers, giving free web space .
Majority casts itself as reluctant arbiter.
Majority comes from federal dollars.
Majority constitutes the vote .
Majority follow the early adopters and sometimes are influenced by group pressure.
Majority has no interest or attitude to learn and defend our religion.
Majority have a misweave.
Majority hold a Ph.D. or the highest degree in their field.
Majority involve high schoolers Nationally, more than half the expulsions occurred in high schools.
Majority is against fundamentalism but in favor of religious tolerance.
Majority is arable.
Majority is in Germany.
Majority is in snow.
Majority is no synonym for morality.
Majority is of the toothed kind.
Majority is on forest trail with some mountain roads.
Majority is quorum.
Majority is two-thirds of active members present.
Majority is what rules.
Majority isa number.
Majority lies behind most decisions in international instruments.
Majority means one more than half.
Majority means one vote over half of the Chapter present.
Majority occur during winter but can occur any season.
Majority overweigh the scales of balance, secrets hidden, sin after sin in their eyes.
Majority refers to having more than half.
Majority slip op.
Majority speaks English and Tagalog.
Majority supports plan to have state act as middleman to buy electricity for utilities.
Majority takes all.
Majorities often decree folly and iniquity.
Majorities often threaten the rights of minorities.
Majorities usually rule, especially when big.
Most majorities have characteristics.
Most majorities have deficiencies.
Most majorities have homology.
Most majorities have ideas.
Most majorities have physical characteristics.
Most majorities have similar characteristics.
Most majorities have similar physical characteristics.
Most majorities live in regions.
Most majorities occur during years.
Most majorities occur within weeks.
Most majorities support conclusions.
Some majorities are owned by breeders.
Some majorities come from emit gases.
Some majorities come from fertilizer.
Some majorities come from food.
Some majorities come from gases.
Some majorities come from hot gases.
Some majorities come from nitrogen fertilizer.
Some majorities come from runoff.
Some majorities come from synthetic fertilizer.
Some majorities come from synthetic nitrogen fertilizer.
Some majorities focus on aspects.
Some majorities have bruise.
Some majorities have eyes.
Some majorities have growth.
Some majorities have large bruise.
Some majorities occupy territory.
Some majorities occur over nights.
Majors league is player pitch.
Majors program begins with new academic year.
Majors program can choose courses that focus on atmospheric sciences.
Majors programs are less specialized and allow more flexibility in choice of courses.
Majors programs vary somewhat from class to class.
Majot tastes are sour,sweet and salty.
Makah culture is still good, but someone has got to retrieve it.
Make sure nurses increase resistance.
A make is a kind
Makes are really incompatible.
Makes are software.
Makes eglade parse project.
Makes elvis use the named gui user interface instead of the default.
Makes meet look red and fresh.
Makes plays all game long.
Makes plays all over the field.
Makes restore easy to do, no tape to mount, operator can do it even from home.
Makes turn signals into brake and running lights.
All makes are welcome, thirty five years old or older.
Makeashirt custom imprints T-shirts and sweatshirts.
A makeover is a reconstruction
Makeovers allow companies to become extremely efficient.
Makeovers are complimentary, with no obligation to buy.
Makeovers are free.
Makeovers are fun.
Makeovers are reconstructions.
Makeovers vary by location and the number of services performed.
Maker mark is in the wrong position and is incomplete.
A maker is a creator
Maker acknowledges that it takes work to feed so many.
Maker creates an adventure with the push of a few buttons.
Maker holds the same point of view about how to manage a difficult class.
Maker includes a complete interactive on-line manual.
Maker is a bi-lingual dictionary editor.
Maker is an interactive syslog filter generation tool.
Maker is unknown, age is unknown.
Maker isa individual.
Maker isa person.
Maker isa somebody.
Maker isa someone.
Maker says as the students take their seats.
Makers answer requests for lightweight yet sturdy utensils and storage containers.
Makers are creators.
Makers are the self-sufficient group.
Makers automatically refill their products.
Makers benefit by maintaining contact with dealers by finding out the knives that are selling.
Makers broncos jerseys.
Makers claim that their software is the remedy to debates over Internet gambling.
Makers come to show their creations and share their learnings.
Makers consider development.
Makers consider sustainable development.
Makers continue effort.
Makers discuss whether E-books are a novelty or an alternative.
Makers do near whatever carpet when manage power saw.
Makers do near whatever carpet when manage power tool sale.
Makers focus attention.
Makers have (part) arms.
Makers have (part) body substances.
Makers have (part) cell membranes.
Makers have (part) cells.
Makers have (part) corpi.
Makers have (part) cytoplasm.
Makers have (part) heads.
Makers have (part) human bodies.
Makers have (part) legs.
Makers have (part) material bodies.
Makers have (part) necks.
Makers have (part) nuclei.
Makers have (part) personality.
Makers have (part) plasma membranes.
Makers have (part) sections.
Makers have (part) vacuoles.
Makers have requirements.
Makers have specific requirements.
Makers insist ephedra products are safe when used as directed.
Makers intend Living-room out the salt within either six.
Makers know that big fancy objectives sell scopes.
Makers lead life.
Makers mark on blade.
Makers marks, if present, clear and easily legible.
Makers merchant till one container how avoid map.
Makers name in gold.
Makers oak and leather case.
Makers offer everything from professional SLRs to low-priced models suitable as premiums.
Makers realize cost.
Makers see PCs at heart of home network.
Makers seem to be widely available to all but the lowest class.
Makers to identify parameters.
Makers understand effects.
Makers use designs.
Makers use oak wood.
Makers use wood.
All makers are of Zuni heritage unless noted otherwise.
Many makers fail to realize that the dealer plays a critical role in the makers continuing success.
Most makers consider development.
Most makers consider sustainable development.
Most makers continue effort.
Most makers design there systems to be at their best when used by two to six viewers.
Most makers desire a maximum of aperture instead of an exotic design.
Most makers focus attention.
Most makers give a warranty for a period of time after purchase.
Most makers have requirements.
Most makers have specific requirements.
Most makers lead life.
Most makers provide easy to install software as well as drive specs.
Most makers realize cost.
Most makers understand effects.
Most makers use designs.
Most makers use oak wood.
Most makers use wood.
Some makers acknowledge choices.
Some makers build armies.
Some makers build cases.
Some makers can have confidence.
Some makers control brightness.
Some makers count potential shrinkage into the size already.
Some makers deal with climates.
Some makers develop policy.
Some makers do good jobs.
Some makers do have choices.
Some makers do jobs.
Some makers even design tents with poles than can be left home in good weather.
Some makers help forecasters.
Some makers issue statements.
Some makers like to quote their horizontal framing parameters as timings rather than dot widths.
Some makers like to quote their vertical framing parameters as timings rather than dot widths.
Some makers make decisions.
Some makers offer solid silver fittings.
Some makers produce electricity.
Some makers represent nations.
Some makers see industries.
Some makers sell bags.
Some makers still cheap out and use a less-safe lap belt.
Some makers suffer from depressions.
Some makers use a double reed chanter and some use single reed.
Some makers use a slotted hole connection of different types at the rear top link connection.
Some makers use coils, some use modules with modules now becoming the standard.
Makes room seem more spacious.
Makeshift bedding is concealed moments before morning construction crews arrive.
Makeshift restaurants line the sidewalks.
Makeshift schools operate as classrooms are being rebuilt.
Makeshift shelters offer refuge to flood victims.
Makeshift shower Use a spray bottle to shower.
Some makeshift sleds appear to work better than others, however.
A makeshift is an expedient
Makeshifts have a long life.
Makeup artist can do basic touch ups on hair.
Makeup artists do makeup analysis and apply makeup.
Every makeup artist depends on glycerin to simulate tears, perspiration or wound ooze.
Some makeup artists believe that concealers used to even out skin tone is all that's necessary.
Makeup exams maybe of essay format.
Makeup exams only under extreme circumstances.
Makeup glides on.
Makeup is a cosmetic
Makeup is cosmetics.
Makeup is events.
Makeup is located in purses.
Makeup is located in theaters.
Makeup is located in theatres.
Makeup is used for covers.
Makeup is used for wearers.
Make-up isa instrumentality.
Makeup isa property.
Makeup slides on easier and skin appears and feels smooth and soft.
Makeup trends for spring are natural, but glamorous.
Makeups are available only for students with approved university excuses.
Makeups are available only to students with documentable medical or personal emergencies.
Makeups are considerably more difficult than the regularly scheduled test.
Makeups are different and considerably more difficult than the regularly scheduled test.
Makeups are usually essay.
Makeups are welcome by attending classes on other days if space permits.
Make-ups have (part) sections.
Makeups require an official excuse.
Makeups require prior consultation with the instructor.
All makeup is perishable but eye make-up is especially perishable.
All makeup quizzes and tests are at the discretion of the instructor.
All makeups are essay.
Any makeup is made from pistachio shells in a little water to make a paste.
Any makeups are solely at the discretion of the instructor.
More makeup shots Several looks on the same person.
Makhtaaral residents recall that Tashkent never invested a penny in their municipality.
Making are components.
A mako shark is a mackerel shark
Mako shark is one of the most popularly consumed shark species.
Mako sharks are quite large and are fast swimmers.
Mako sharks defend themselves with their long teeth and incredible speed.
Mako sharks live off shore and close to the surface of the water.
Mako sharks move in with the bluefish.
A mako is a mackerel shark
Mako can almost snorkel now.
Mako finds many things.
Mako heads the talented cast of unknowns.
Mako is ideal for machine embroidery, hand quilting, sewing, serging, and quilting.
Mako is significantly lower based on number of people.
Mako knows some commands and rides wonderfully in the car.
Makos also offer superior value.
Makos also tend to scavenge long-lined and netted fish.
Makos are bullies.
Makos are generally pelagic, or open ocean sharks.
Makos are the clear market leader in specification and performance for their price.
Makos are worldwide in distribution, favoring tropical and temperate waters.
Makos can go into a coma and rebound several hours later.
Makos can maintain a body temperature higher than that of the surrounding water.
Makos do frequent harbors and marinas while preying on such fish as sardines, cod, or herring.
Makos feed on such fish as bluefish, herring, mackerel, and swordfish.
Makos have both commercial and recreational significance.
Makos range from the surface to relatively deep waters.
Makos swim in an aggressive militaristic manner .
Most makos live in tropical and warm temperate waters.
Makrofol films offer high light transmission, excellent surface uniformity and ease of processing.
A malabsorption is absorption
Malabsorption can affect growth and development or can lead to specific illnesses.
Malabsorption can be significant and nutritional problems result.
Malabsorption can be the result of a broad spectrum of diseases.
Malabsorption can lead to poor growth, and even malnutrition.
Malabsorption gets worse as mucosal damage progresses.
Malabsorption is another frequent cause.
Malabsorption is often due to smoking, alcohol, medications, drugs and very often stress.
Malabsorption is the inability of the body to completely absorb certain key nutrients.
Malabsorption leads to malnutrition and produces fatty, very foul-smelling stools in some people.
Malabsorption refers to abnormal or impaired digestion, absorption, or both.
Malabsorptions are assimilation.
Malabsorption usually presents with weight loss.
A malacca cane is a cane
Malacca canes are are thick, with a knob at one end.
A malacca is a cane
Malacca passes into colonial hands for four and a half centuries.
Malachite glass is intended to look like malachite, or more generally, to look like marble.
Malachite green is also more toxic at low pH as well as high temperatures.
Malachite green is chemical compounds.
Malachite green is generally safe to use for most freshwater species.
Malachite green is soluble in water unless it is bound to the spore coats.
Malachite green is the primary stain.
Malachite stone has a layered matrix with differing shades of forest green.
Malachite stones accent the beadwork.
A malachite is a mineral
Malachite begins with a dry base coat of light, minty green.
Malachite occurs in huge sizes and has been widely used for ornamental and architectural items.
Malachite occurs in the Dresser Trap Rock Quarry, sec.
Malachite occurs with zinc and lead minerals in the SW sec.
Malachite releases congestion in the solar plexus, and aids creativity.
Malachites are minerals.
Malacological organizations list.
A malacology is biology
Malacology is the study of mollusks.
Malacophyllous xerophytes are characterized by reduced stem and succulent leaves.
Maladaptive abnormalities can cause suffering and social discomfort .
Maladaptive abnormalities can cause suffering and social discomfort.
Maladaptive anxiety causes distress and dysfunction.
Maladaptive avoidance can complicate and perpetuate many post-viral states.
Maladaptive behavior causes functional limitations.
Maladaptive behavior is removed as an evaluation disability criteria.
Maladaptive behavior reinforces a recruitment bottleneck in newly settled fishes.
Maladaptive habits alter our general sensory feedback.
Maladies have a nutritional deficiency component.
Maladies run the gamut from a scraped leg to gun shot wounds and heart attacks.
Maladies transmises sexuellement.
Maladies transmissibles par la semence et les techniques de transfert d'embryons.
Malady is a condition
Malady is conditions.
Malama soils are very thin organic soils over fragmental Aa lava.
A malamute is a dog
Malamutes are a very intelligent and clever breed.
Malamutes are available for adoption from rescue groups throughout the continental United States.
Malamutes are dogs.
Malamutes are family oriented and love to be with people.
Malamutes are highly independent and strong willed.
Malamutes are of various colors, but are usually gray or black and white.
Malamutes are of various colors, but are usually wofish gray or black and white.
Malamutes are of various colors.
Malamutes are of various colours.
Malamutes are of varying colours, but are usually wolfish grey or black and white.
Malamutes are sled dogs.
Malamutes are susceptible to hot spots, which look like raw scrapes on their skin.
Malamutes are the traditional freight hauling variety of sled dogs.
Malamutes are very intelligent although sometimes difficult to train.
Malamutes are well adapted to the cold having two coats of hair.
Malamutes can be family pets , but are very active .
Malamutes can be family pets, but are very active.
Malamutes can howl quite loudly when trying to communicate with other dogs.
Malamutes can withstand a wide range of temperatures and live happily.
Malamutes come in various colors.
Malamutes constantly strive to prove their superiority to strange dogs.
Malamutes have a strong independent nature.
Malamutes have a very thick undercoat which sheds once a twice a year.
Malamutes have broad, reasonably rounded skulls.
Malamutes have extraordinary capacities for endurance.
Malamutes have huge feet and rugged toenails.
Malamutes love outdoor activities and even do well in obedience with firm encouragement.
Malamutes love to work, and have great endurance and strength.
Malamutes make wonderful, intelligent companions.
Malamutes shed a lot, so brushing three times per week is suggested.
Malamutes shed profusely about twice a year.
Malamutes take an alert interest in their surroundings and are excellent company.
Malamutes working long hard days in cold weather require a diet high in fat and protein.
Malamutes usually have a shorter and less dense coat during the summer months.
Malamutes usually have shorter and less dense coats when shed out during the summer months.
All malamutes have brown eyes.
Many malamutes are friendly with dogs of the opposite sex, but aggressive with same sex dogs.
Some malamutes are very active, whereas others prefer little exercise.
Malanga flour is an excellent thickener for gravies, soups, stews, and sauces.
Malanga pasta is very similar to regular wheat noodles when cooked.
A malanga is an aroid
Malanga has a woodsy taste with a hint of black walnut.
Malanga has an earthy flavor and is often made into chips.
Malanga is a registered professional engineer in both Texas and Arizona.
Malanga is a root vegetable popular in the tropics and South America.
Malanga is married.
A malapropism is a statement
Malapropisms are a kind of acyrologia.
Malapropisms are always welcome.
A malar bone is a bone
Malar bones feel pulled up.
Malaria infection affects weight gain and stunts growth.
Malaria infection causes diseases.
Malaria infection causes severe diseases.
Malaria infection increases attractiveness of humans to mosquitoes.
Most malaria infection causes diseases.
Most malaria infection causes severe diseases.
Malaria medications vary.
A malaria mosquito is a mosquito
Malaria mosquitoes are most active at dusk and night, so cover arms and legs between dusk and dawn.
A malaria parasite is a sporozoan
Malaria parasite feeds off of human red blood cells.
Malaria parasite flourishes only in healthy red blood.
Malaria parasite has a relict plastid.
Malaria parasite outwits the immune system.
Malaria parasites are micro-organisms that belong to the genus Plasmodium.
Malaria parasites are so small that they can only be seen under a microscope.
Malaria parasites cause infection.
Malaria parasites cause much morbidity and mortality to their human hosts.
Malaria parasites enter the body through mosquito bites and feast on human blood.
Malaria parasites go through a series of steps on their way to causing disease in humans.
Malaria parasites have both a sexual and an asexual phase of development.
Malaria parasites have life stages.
Malaria parasites have origins.
Malaria parasites have stages.
Malaria parasites infect mammals.
Malaria parasites infect other mammals.
Malaria parasites multiply rapidly in the liver and then in red blood cells of the infected person.
Malaria parasites show different phases.
Malaria parasites show phases.
Malaria parasites spend part of their life cycle in certain mosquitoes.
Malaria parasites undergo development.
Most malaria parasites cause infection.
Most malaria parasites have life stages.
Most malaria parasites have origins.
Most malaria parasites have stages.
Most malaria parasites infect mammals.
Most malaria parasites infect other mammals.
Most malaria parasites show different phases.
Most malaria parasites show phases.
Most malaria parasites undergo development.
Some malaria parasites are resistant to current treatments.
Malaria precautions are advisable for the bushveld section of the tour.
Malaria precautions are essential.
Malaria precautions are necessary for the bushveld section of the tour.
Malaria precautions are vital.
Malaria prevention is important as it is very common on the coast of East Africa.
Malaria prophylaxis includes medications to help prevent the parasitic infection.
Malaria prophylaxis is also available by prescription.
Malaria prophylaxis is important for children.
Malaria prophylaxis is necessary.
Malaria prophylaxis is prescribed to all pregnant women attending health facilities.
Malaria prophylaxis is recommended as well as having a tetanus and polio booster if necessary.
Malaria prophylaxis is recommended for certain regions.
Malaria prophylaxis is recommended if the visitor plans to visit tropical-rural areas.
Malaria resistance has dominant inheritance patterns.
Malaria resistance has dominant patterns.
Malaria resistance has inheritance patterns.
Malaria resistance has patterns.
Most malaria resistance has dominant inheritance patterns.
Most malaria resistance has dominant patterns.
Most malaria resistance has inheritance patterns.
Most malaria resistance has patterns.
Malaria risk exists all year in the entire country.
Malaria risk exists in some parts of Mexico and Central America.
Malaria risk exists only in isolated inland regions.
Malaria risk exists outside the main cities.
Malaria risk exists throughout the year in northern rural areas.
Malaria risk exists throughout the year in the whole country, excluding Dhaka City.
Malaria risk exists throughout the year in the whole Country.
Malaria risk is higher during the rainy season.
Malaria risk is highest during the wet season.
Malaria risk is seasonal.
Malaria risk is throughout year in whole country.
Malaria risk varies by area and is prevalent primarily in rural areas and in southern China.
Malaria affects countries.
Malaria affects hundreds of millions of people every year.
Malaria affects many developing countries, especially Africa.
Malaria alone costs billions of dollars per year just in lost earnings and medical charges.
Malaria already kills over one million people every year.
Malaria also can cause stillbirths, low birth weight, and early infant death.
Malaria also has other negative human consequences.
Malaria also occurs in portions of Iran and the Middle East.
Malaria also poses a threat, as stagnant pools of water are ideal breeding grounds for mosquitoes.
Malaria also prevalent in certain parts of country at certain times of year.
Malaria also provides cause for concern.
Malaria attacks the red blood cells.
Malaria becomes rife.
Malaria can add still other health risks to a pregnancy.
Malaria can also cause stillbirths and contributes to low birth weight and early infant death.
Malaria can always co-exist with other infections in an endemic area.
Malaria can be a problem.
Malaria can be a serious disease if left untreated.
Malaria can be serious and fatal decease without prompt treatment.
Malaria can cause or aggravate anemia.
Malaria can cause stillbirths, low birth weight and death in infants.
Malaria can have diarrhea as an early manifestation.
Malaria can kill and protection is required for many countries outside of Europe.
Malaria can kill within hours in the unprotected.
Malaria can sometimes cause death.
Malaria can turn a pregnancy into a nightmare.
Malaria causes anemia through rupture of red blood cells during merozoite release.
Malaria causes as many as half the deaths of African children under age of five.
Malaria causes extreme poverty and it affects all people, regardless of their lifestyle.
Malaria causes symptoms.
Malaria causes tremendous problems in penguins at many zoological parks and gardens.
Malaria causes various renal disorders.
Malaria continues as a health risk in some parts of the country.
Malaria continues to be a cause of high morbidity and mortality rates in both Brazil and Venezuela.
Malaria continues to be a source of concern even today.
Malaria continues to be the leading cause of death among children.
Malaria continues to be transmitted in all major cities in India, as well as all rural areas.
Malaria continues to pose a major threat to U.S. soldiers and citizens traveling to the region.
Malaria control Public health surveillance Reproductive health.
Malaria debilitates the active population resulting in low productivity and impaired growth.
Malaria destroys blood and quickly can kill young babies.
Malaria destroys hemoglobin containing cells as it multiplies, producing the disease.
Malaria disrupts the immune system.
Malaria does poorly in sickle cells.
Malaria endangers the lives of millions worldwide, and the numbers are increasing.
Malaria exists all year throughout the country.
Malaria exists in Asia, Africa and Brazil.
Malaria exists only in hill and forest areas.
Malaria exists throughout the tropics, but the risk of acquiring it is greatest in Africa.
Malaria has a dramatic impact on the wellbeing of Africa's people and on Africa's economic growth.
Malaria has a higher world-wide sickness rate and death rate than any other human disease.
Malaria has a major impact on social and economic development.
Malaria has an annual two million death toll of which half are children.
Malaria has mossy teeth, dandruff, and a fat butt.
Malaria has several serious complications .
Malaria has severe negative effects on maternal health and birth outcomes.
Malaria infects millions of people each year.
Malaria is a big health problem in many tropical countries.
Malaria is a big problem in the area.
Malaria is a big problem in the Islands.
Malaria is a blood disease caused by a bite from the insect mosquito.
Malaria is a blood parasite carrier by mosquitos.
Malaria is a central example.
Malaria is a common and serious tropical disease.
Malaria is a common problem.
Malaria is a complex disease, which makes developing a vaccine difficult.
Malaria is a concern here in the Delta.
Malaria is a condition that requires extreme diet care.
Malaria is a constant danger in China.
Malaria is a curable disease for which a limited number of drugs are available.
Malaria is a curable disease if promptly and adequately treated.
Malaria is a curable disease if promptly diagnosed and adequately treated.
Malaria is a curable disease if treated immediately.
Malaria is a devastating disease.
Malaria is a disease caused by a parasite that likes to set up housekeeping in the red cells.
Malaria is a disease caused by a protozoan.
Malaria is a disease caused by a single-celled parasite called Plasmodium .
Malaria is a disease caused by infection of the red cells by the malarial parasite.
Malaria is a disease caused by mosquito-borne parasites.
Malaria is a disease caused by parasites that are carried by mosquitoes.
Malaria is a disease caused by parasites.
Malaria is a disease caused due to infection with the protozoan Plasmodium.
Malaria is a disease commonly characterized by fever, chills, headache, and sweating.
Malaria is a disease of the agriculture revolution.
Malaria is a disease of the poor.
Malaria is a disease spread by the bite of an anopheles mosquito.
Malaria is a disease that afflicts the poor.
Malaria is a disease that is transmitted by parasites conveyed via mosquitoes.
Malaria is a disease that spreads rapidly and can be contracted by any one.
Malaria is a disease that spreads rapidly, and can be contracted by anyone.
Malaria is a fatal disease if the treatment is neglected.
Malaria is a febrile disease that causes anemia.
Malaria is a global concern.
Malaria is a good example, and malaria has evolved to survive inside mosquitoes.
Malaria is a good guess.
Malaria is a growing danger with clouds of disease-carrying mosquitoes appearing in flooded areas.
Malaria is a growing danger, with clouds of disease-carrying mosquitoes appearing in flooded areas.
Malaria is a growing worry with clouds of disease-carrying mosquitoes appearing in flooded areas.
Malaria is a harmful disease that has great affect worldwide.
Malaria is a hazard particularly in the summer months.
Malaria is a health problem.
Malaria is a jwara, i.e. a fever.
Malaria is a leading cause of death among African children under the age of five.
Malaria is a leading cause of death in the countryside.
Malaria is a major cause of death in many parts of the world.
Malaria is a major cause of illness in many tropical and subtropical countries.
Malaria is a major determinant in countries where that disease is endemic.
Malaria is a major disease in Africa and a primary cause of poverty.
Malaria is a major disease in the tropical world.
Malaria is a major disease of humans caused by protozoan parasites from the genus Plasmodium.
Malaria is a major health problem in parts of Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, and the Pacific.
Malaria is a major health problem related to environmental conditions.
Malaria is a major killer of refugees in Africa.
Malaria is a major problem in areas of Asia, Africa, and Central and South America.
Malaria is a major public health concern.
Malaria is a medical emergency that requires urgent hospital treatment.
Malaria is a notifiable disease.
Malaria is a parasite, an animal with complex tactics for evading the human immune system.
Malaria is a parasitic disease that kills between one to two million people on the planet yearly.
Malaria is a parasitic disease usually transmitted through the bite of an infected mosquito.
Malaria is a parasitic infection transmitted by mosquitoes.
Malaria is a parasitic infection transmitted through the bite of the Anopheles mosquito.
Malaria is a particularly important problem in the southeast Anatolia region of Turkey.
Malaria is a persistent problem, although incidence has been reduced in recent years.
Malaria is a potentially fatal blood disease transmitted by parasite-carrying mosquitoes.
Malaria is a potentially fatal illness of tropical and subtropical regions.
Malaria is a potentially fatal illness transmitted by the anopheles mosquito.
Malaria is a potentially serious parasitic disease that causes infection of the red blood cells.
Malaria is a preventable and usually curable parasitic disease.
Malaria is a preventable infection that can be fatal if left untreated.
Malaria is a preventable infection that can create trouble if left untreated.
Malaria is a protozoan blood disease transmitted to man by mosquitoes.
Malaria is a rare but potentially serious complication of blood transfusion.
Malaria is a rare, but potentially serious, complication of blood transfusion in the United States.
Malaria is a real problem in Nigeria.
Malaria is a risk in all areas but the highest risk is in the south and west.
Malaria is a risk in Chad.
Malaria is a risk in some parts of Argentina.
Malaria is a serious disease caused by a microscopic parasite that infects red blood cells.
Malaria is a serious health concern for missionaries in Zambia.
Malaria is a serious illness that starts with fever.
Malaria is a serious problem in rural Haiti.
Malaria is a serious risk.
Malaria is a serious, but preventable disease, spread by the bite of an infected mosquito.
Malaria is a serious, sometimes fatal disease caused by a parasite.
Malaria is a serious, sometimes fatal, disease caused by a parasite.
Malaria is a terrible, wasting disease and requires complete rest.
Malaria is a treatable disease when treated quickly and correctly.
Malaria is a very serious disease.
Malaria is a world-wide problem.
Malaria is already endemic in the area.
Malaria is already the world's most widespread mosquito-borne illness.
Malaria is also a common illness in Somalia.
Malaria is also a concern for travelers.
Malaria is also a human resources problem, and therefore a development problem.
Malaria is also a problem.
Malaria is also a recurring problem, especially in and around Kisumu.
Malaria is also a serious risk for tourists in the tropics.
Malaria Is also an issue that has been arising for the western lowland gorillas.
Malaria is also on the increase.
Malaria is also on the rise here and in Southeast Asia and in Africa.
Malaria is also particularly dangerous during pregnancy.
Malaria is also prevalent in Southeast Asia, India, South and Central America.
Malaria is also something to be concerned about in the region.
Malaria is always a concern when traveling in jungle regions.
Malaria is an ancient disease.
Malaria is an endemic, year round problem and prophylaxis are recommended for all visitors.
Malaria is an illness caused by a parasite protist called Plasmodium vivax.
Malaria is an illness caused by infection of the red blood cells with the parasite Plasmodium .
Malaria is an illness caused by protozoa which are spread by the bite of an infected mosquito.
Malaria is an important cause of illness and death in many parts of the world, especially in Africa.
Malaria is an important disease worldwide and is one of the top infectious killers.
Malaria is an infamous disease that is still very common in some parts of the world.
Malaria is an infection that causes high fevers and shaking chills.
Malaria is an instance.
Malaria is an intractable global health problem.
Malaria is an old Canadian disease.
Malaria is another disease of poverty.
Malaria is another leading cause of death in tropical countries.
Malaria is another matter.
Malaria is another very dangerous problem in many parts of Asia.
Malaria is at epidemic levels.
Malaria is bands.
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.
Malaria is cause by sporozoans.
Malaria is caused by a blood parasite, Plasmodium falciparum .
Malaria is caused by a one-celled parasite called a Plasmodium.
Malaria is caused by a parasite carried by the mosquito.
Malaria is caused by a parasite that infects mosquitoes in the genus Anopheles .
Malaria is caused by a parasite that is transmitted by mosquitoes.
Malaria is caused by a parasite that lives in Anopheles mosquitoes.
Malaria is caused by a parasite that lives in mosquitoes.
Malaria is caused by a parasitic protozoa of the genus Plasmodium .
Malaria is caused by a protozoan parasite.
Malaria is caused by a protozoon.
Malaria is caused by a single-cell parasite that is spread to humans by mosquitoes.
Malaria is caused by a single-celled parasite that is spread to humans by mosquitoes.
Malaria is caused by a unicellular parasite of genus plasmodium.
Malaria is caused by algae that live in protozoa.
Malaria is caused by an infection with protozoa of the genus Plasmodium.
Malaria is caused by an oranism that invades the red blood cells.
Malaria is caused by four protozoan parasite species in the genus Plasmodium.
Malaria is caused by four species of Plasmodium, a unicellular protozoan.
Malaria is caused by infection with protozoal parasites called plasmodia.
Malaria is caused by intraerythrocytic protozoan parasites belonging to Plasmodium spp.
Malaria is caused by mosquito bites.
Malaria is caused by protozoan parasites of the genus Plasmodium .
Malaria is caused by protozoan parasites of the genus Plasmodium.
Malaria is caused by the protozoan parasite Plasmodium.
Malaria is caused by unicellular parasites of the Plasmodium genus.
Malaria is caused by unicellular protozoan parasites of the Plasmodium genus.
Malaria is characterized by a. b. c. d. severe chills, headache, fever, and fatigue.
Malaria is characterized by chills and fever, vomiting, and severe headaches.
Malaria is common in many parts of the world, particularly in tropical and subtropical areas.
Malaria is common in most tropical and sub-tropical countries.
Malaria is common in the developing world.
Malaria is common in tropical or subtropical areas of Asia, Africa, and Central and South America.
Malaria is common throughout the tropics.
Malaria is common, as are other tropical diseases.
Malaria is communicable.
Malaria is contracted only by black people.
Malaria is curable if caught early.
Malaria is curable if promptly diagnosed and adequately treated.
Malaria is curable, as long as the traveler seeks medical help when symptoms occur.
Malaria is diagnosed by identifying the parasites in the red blood cells under a microscope.
Malaria is diagnosed by looking for the parasites in a drop of blood.
Malaria is diagnosed by the clinical symptoms and microscopic examination of the blood.
Malaria is discussed in detail on the malaria link.
Malaria is diseases.
Malaria is distinctly seasonal in the region.
Malaria is easily the biggest public health problem in Africa.
Malaria is endemic and is resistant to many anti-malarial drugs.
Malaria is endemic and worsens during the rainy season.
Malaria is endemic in many regions.
Malaria is endemic in Namibia.
Malaria is endemic in Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.
Malaria is endemic in Solomon Islands and affects the health of many employees.
Malaria is endemic in some areas outside Georgetown.
Malaria is endemic in the area and there has also been a measles epidemic.
Malaria is endemic in the country and affects the health of many employees.
Malaria is endemic in the Solomon Islands and affects the health of many employees.
Malaria is endemic to Abidjan.
Malaria is endemic to certain parts of the country.
Malaria is endemic, and suppressants are recommended.
Malaria is endemic, notably in the coastal and Lake Victoria regions.
Malaria is endemic.
Malaria is especially dangerous to pregnant women and small children.
Malaria is found in at least part of every country south of the Sahara.
Malaria is found in many different parts of the world, but is mainly a prob-lem in tropical areas.
Malaria is found in Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.
Malaria is found in rural areas of every country in the region, except Chile and Uruguay.
Malaria is full of iron from the red blood cells it feeds on.
Malaria is generally endemic in the tropics, with extensions into subtropic regions.
Malaria is generally endemic in the tropics, with extensions into the subtropics.
Malaria is generally endemic in the tropics, with extensons into the subtropics.
Malaria is Ghana's number one health problem.
Malaria is highly contagious.
Malaria is infection
Malaria is just one of the many insect-borne diseases for which there is no vaccination.
Malaria is less lethal than yellow fever, but it is at least as hard to eradicate.
Malaria is less often fatal, but can cause extended periods of sickness.
Malaria is less virulent than it once was.
Malaria is likely to re-emerge in Spain.
Malaria is more of a concern in remote, low-lying parts of the country.
Malaria is more prevalent in the Amazon region.
Malaria is more serious in pregnant women and can cause miscarriage.
Malaria is more severe with higher parasitemia.
Malaria is much more than a health issue.
Malaria is neither a virus nor a bacterium, but a one-celled parasite.
Malaria is no joke, but it is easily curable with a bit of sulfur.
Malaria is no picnic.
Malaria is now on the increase throughout the tropics, especially on the Indian subcontinent.
Malaria is often the main cause of ill health and death in emergencies.
Malaria is on the rise in all regions.
Malaria is on the rise.
Malaria is one of the biggest killers in Ethiopia.
Malaria is one of the biggest killers of children on the African continent.
Malaria is one of the deadliest diseases caused by a parasite.
Malaria is one of the leading cause of death in young children and pregnant women in tropical areas.
Malaria is one of the leading causes of illness and death in the world.
Malaria is one of the leading health problems in Africa, South of the Sahara.
Malaria is one of the more common diseases which can be contracted in many tropical countries.
Malaria is one of the most important causes of disease and death in the world.
Malaria is one of the most serious public health threats the world faces.
Malaria is one of the most successful diseases in killing humans.
Malaria is one of the top leading priority diseases in the country.
Malaria is one of the world's deadliest infectious diseases.
Malaria is one of the world's top killers.
Malaria is one tropical disease with a worldwide impact.
Malaria is paradigm of an emergent disease.
Malaria is parasitic diseases.
Malaria is particularly dangerous for young children and pregnant women.
Malaria is perhaps the most familiar.
Malaria is persistent, sporadic cases of meningitis have been found and pneumonia is on the rise.
Malaria is present in parts of Africa, Central and South America, Asia and the Pacific.
Malaria is present though disappearing.
Malaria is prevalent in Guinea.
Malaria is prevalent in low-lying areas along the Red Sea and Arabian Gulf coasts.
Malaria is prevalent in most parts of the country.
Malaria is prevalent in much of Zimbabwe.
Malaria is prevalent in Rwanda and there are periodic outbreaks of meningitis.
Malaria is prevalent in the tropical regions.
Malaria is prevalent in the whole country, also in urban areas.
Malaria is prevalent.
Malaria is preventable and curable.
Malaria is preventable, treatable and curable.
Malaria is preventable, treatable, and curable.
Malaria is primarily a problem in Southeast Asia and Africa.
Malaria is rampant in most.
Malaria is rampant through all of the islands.
Malaria is rampant throughout Indonesia and especially in the outer islands.
Malaria is responsible for as many as half the deaths of African children under the age of five.
Malaria is responsible for the deaths of up to three million persons each year.
Malaria is said to be the most important parasitic disease that afflicts humans today.
Malaria is spread by female Anopheles mosquitoes.
Malaria is spread by mosquitoes.
Malaria is spread by the bite of a mosquito.
Malaria is spread by the bite of Anopheles mosquitoes.
Malaria is spread by the bite of certain kinds of infected female mosquitoes.
Malaria is spread by the bite of the female anopheles mosquito.
Malaria is spread by the bites of certain kinds of infected female mosquitoes.
Malaria is spread from dusk to dawn, when the mosquitoes are active.
Malaria is spread only when people drink contaminated water.
Malaria is spread to humans through mosquito bites.
Malaria is still a common, and often fatal disease.
Malaria is still a major health challenge causing the death of several million people each year.
Malaria is still a serious impediment to development in the northern and western border areas.
Malaria is still endemic in many African countries.
Malaria is still important in the southeast Anatolia region of Turkey.
Malaria is still present in parts of the U.S., but at very low levels.
Malaria is still the world's most important disease.
Malaria is still widespread in many part of India.
Malaria is such a candidate, as the mosquito brings the infection into the skin.
Malaria is such a horrible disease.
Malaria is the biggest cause of sickness and the second greatest cause of death in Vietnam today.
Malaria is the biggest cause of sickness and the second greatest cause of death in Vietnam.
Malaria is the greatest single cause of illness and death.
Malaria is the leading cause of death.
Malaria is the leading killer of children in many African countries.
Malaria is the leading killer, responsible for one in five child deaths.
Malaria is the most common cause of fever in a traveler returning from the tropics.
Malaria is the most common protozoan disease.
Malaria is the most common, and therefore the most deadly of the mosquito-borne diseases.
Malaria is the most deadly of all tropical parasitic diseases.
Malaria is the most important parasitic disease.
Malaria is the most prevalent tropical disease in the world today.
Malaria is the most prevalent vector-borne disease in the world .
Malaria is the most prevalent vector-borne disease in the world.
Malaria is the next big worry.
Malaria is the number one cause of mortality and morbidity in the area.
Malaria is the number one cause of mortality and morbidity in the region.
Malaria is the number one insect-borne killer of humans.
Malaria is the number one killer disease in the world.
Malaria is the only serious health risk.
Malaria is the principal cause of childhood mortality in coastal Kenya, and a common cause of fever.
Malaria is the principal cause of death in Mali.
Malaria is the third most common ailment affecting the health of travelers to the tropics.
Malaria is the world's second biggest killer disease.
Malaria is therefore a problem for people living close to marshes.
Malaria is thought to be the most common insect borne disease in East Timor.
Malaria is transmitted by mosquito bites.
Malaria is transmitted by mosquitoes.
Malaria is transmitted by the bite of a male infected mosquito.
Malaria is transmitted by the bite of an infected mosquito.
Malaria is transmitted by the bite of an infective mosquito, which usually bites after dark.
Malaria is transmitted by the mosquito Anopheles.
Malaria is transmitted from person to person by a mosquito.
Malaria is transmitted through mosquito bites.
Malaria is transmitted through the insect vector, the mosquito.
Malaria is transmitted to humans from the bite of the mosquito.
Malaria is transmitted to people by mosquitos.
Malaria is transmitted via mosquito bites.
Malaria is treated with chloroquine, mefloquine, and primaquine.
Malaria is treated with extract from the quinine tree.
Malaria is truly a disease of poverty.
Malaria is under control in Nepal.
Malaria is unheard of in Western Samoa.
Malaria is usually a preventable infection.
Malaria is very common here.
Malaria is very common.
Malaria is very geographically specific.
Malaria is widespread in East Timor.
Malaria is widespread in Mali and is a chief cause of death among children.
Malaria is widespread, and prophylactics, such as chloroquine, paludrine, and fansidar, are used.
Malaria is widespread.
Malaria is worse, killing more than a million people a year.
Malaria is, for example, a threat in many areas.
Malaria isa infection.
Malaria kills a million people a year.
Malaria kills an estimated million children every year in Africa alone.
Malaria kills an estimated two million people annually.
Malaria kills millions of people each year and hundreds of millions more suffer chronic illness.
Malaria kills more people than any other communicable disease excePt for tuberculosis.
Malaria kills more people than any other communicable disease except tuberculosis.
Malaria kills more than one million people each year, mainly in sub-Saharan Africa.
Malaria kills more than one million people every year.
Malaria kills up to three million people a year - mostly children and pregnant women.
Malaria kills up to two million people a year, and more than two billion are thought to be at risk.
Malaria kills up to two million people each year.
Malaria leads to anaemia, a maternal and infant mortality factor.
Malaria looms as Africa's greatest public health disaster on the eve of the new millenium.
Malaria needs a high profile throughout African society.
Malaria occurs in areas.
Malaria occurs in China, particularly in rural areas and in southern China.
Malaria occurs in many locations of the tropical world and in some locations of the subtropics.
Malaria occurs throughout the year and in all parts of the country.
Malaria prevents adults from working and children from attending school.
Malaria rages rampant.
Malaria ranks among the foremost health issues facing tropical countries.
Malaria recognizes no borders.
Malaria remains a major health problem worldwide.
Malaria remains an ever-present menace to human existence.
Malaria remains as big a threat to human health, welfare and economic development as ever.
Malaria remains one of the biggest health problems in large parts of the world.
Malaria remains one of the most important causes of human mortality ref .
Malaria results in anemia, fatigue, malaise etc.
Malaria s a big risk in Ecuador.
Malaria seems to become a problem only since the advent of agriculture.
Malaria seems to exist in the area but is a rare occurrence.
Malaria shaves off as much as one per cent of GDP growth in the hardest affected countries.
Malaria still kills nearly two million people globally each year.
Malaria still remains a major health challenge in many parts of the world.
Malaria still represents an extremely important health issue on the continent.
Malaria thrives in warm, humid climates, particularly where health care systems are weak.
Malaria thus has social consequences and is a heavy burden on economic development .
Malaria often occurs in specific local geographic areas.
Malaria often starts with fever.
Most malaria causes symptoms.
Most malaria is curable.
Most malaria occurs in areas.
Some malaria affects children.
Some malaria antigens exist in multiple allelic forms.
Some malaria causes anemia.
Some malaria causes death.
Some malaria has health.
Some malaria is transmitted to humans.
Some malaria is transmitted to men.
Some malaria kills common loons.
Some malaria lasts for months.
Some malaria leads to anemia.
Some malaria leads to death.
Malarial anaemia is believed to be the main complication in high endemic areas.
Malarial diseases are almost unknown.
Malarial fever is the ailment.
Malarial parasites are visible within the red blood cells.
Malarial parasites can develop resistance to anti-malarial drugs and pests to pesticides.
Malarial regions exist in almost all tropical and subtropical countries.
Malarial sickness is also one of the principal reasons for poor school attendance.
Most malarious areas are difficult to access.
Malawi is part of Africa.
Malawi isa thing.
Malawian funerals are great public events.
Malawian language is generally a delight.
Malawian women are more victimized because of culture.
Malay civets are solitary, omnivorous , and primarily terrestrial.
Malay cooking has a long and rich history.
Malay courtesy is very strong and it plays an important part in the everday life of all the people.
Malay language is no longer the language of communication.
Malay males cf.
Malay nationalism is a different category by itself.
Malay nationalism is dead and materialism and egoism are running amok.
Malay parents recognise the importance of their children learning other languages too.
Malay unity is threatened again, before their security can be ensured.
Malay women wear the baju kurung , a knee-length blouse worn over a long skirt.
More Malay women are comfortable with modern wear and shun the head cover.
Malay youth are more interested in outdoor sports.
Malay has (part) arms.
Malay has (part) body substances.
Malay has (part) cell membranes.
Malay has (part) cells.
Malay has (part) corpi.
Malay has (part) cytoplasm.
Malay has (part) heads.
Malay has (part) human bodies.
Malay has (part) legs.
Malay has (part) material bodies.
Malay has (part) necks.
Malay has (part) nuclei.
Malay has (part) personality.
Malay has (part) plasma membranes.
Malay has (part) sections.
Malay has (part) vacuoles.
Malay isa Asian.
Malay isa Asiatic.
Malayala movies are about fighting for the country, justice and stuff like that.
Malayan colugos have eyes.
Malayan sun bears have fur.
Malayan sun bears have loose skin.
Malayan sun bears have skin.
Malayan sun bears have sleek fur.
Malayan sun bears sometimes cause a great deal of damage to coconut palms and on cocoa plantations.
Malayan tapirs have backs.
Malayan tapirs have color patterns.
Malayan tapirs have distinctive color patterns.
Malayan tapirs have distinctive patterns.
Malayan tapirs have eyes.
Malayan tapirs have eyesights.
Malayan tapirs have patterns.
Malayan tapirs have poor eyesights.
Malayan tapirs have skin.
Malayan tapirs have thick skin.
Malayan tapirs have toes.
Malayan tapirs inhabit countries.
Malayan tapirs inhabit forest habitats.
Malayan tapirs inhabit habitats.
Malayan tapirs inhabit various forest habitats.
Malayan tapirs inhabit various habitats.
Malayan tapirs produce offspring.
Malayan tapirs resemble pigs.
Most malayan tapirs inhabit forest habitats.
Most malayan tapirs inhabit various forest habitats.
Most malayan tapirs inhabit various habitats.
Most malayan tapirs resemble pigs.
Malayan tigers have opportunity.
Malayan tigers live at zoos.
Malayan has (part) arms.
Malayan has (part) body substances.
Malayan has (part) cell membranes.
Malayan has (part) cells.
Malayan has (part) corpi.
Malayan has (part) cytoplasm.
Malayan has (part) heads.
Malayan has (part) human bodies.
Malayan has (part) legs.
Malayan has (part) material bodies.
Malayan has (part) necks.
Malayan has (part) nuclei.
Malayan has (part) personality.
Malayan has (part) plasma membranes.
Malayan has (part) sections.
Malayan has (part) vacuoles.
Malayan isa Asian.
Malayan isa Asiatic.
Malaysia isa thing.
Many Malaysian banks are overstaffed.
Most Malaysian banks have correspondent relationships with banks in the United States.
Malaysian brothels go undercover, using restaurants and homes as fronts.
Malaysian cocoa faces a problem.
Malaysian cuisine is a taste of heaven on earth.
Malaysian cuisine is extremely diverse.
Malaysian democracy is a strange beast that is possibly sniffing for a new direction.
Malaysian eatery has poor atmosphere.
Malaysian executives are quite busy and travel frequently.
Malaysian exporters can identify potential buyers for their products or services.
Malaysian exporters say that conditions are good and companies can do business there.
Malaysian families tend to be quite large, so the procession can become pretty long.
Malaysian firms are least keen for foreign partners.
Malaysian food is no exception.
Malaysian food is well known to be hot, spicy and tantalising in flavour.
Malaysian football needs to take a long look in the mirror.
Malaysian government makes efforts to expand a downstream sector of petrochemical business.
Malaysian law requires car drivers and front passengers to wear seat belts.
Malaysian legislation provides for a mandatory death penalty for convicted drug traffickers.
Most Malaysian mammals are nocturnal.
Malaysian meal is complete without some kind of sauce or gravy.
Malaysian Newspapers Select Malaysian Newspapers by name to view current news online.
Malaysian officials stress they are only fine-tuning the curbs.
Malaysian plant uses coffee grounds as fuel to power factory.
Malaysian product is mostly carambola, whereas New Zealand supplies mostly kiwi fruit.
Malaysian volunteers can serve both locally and in other developing countries.
Malaysian workers have a reputation for productivity.
A malcontent is a person
Malcontents pervade our society, routinely sabotaging the good feelings normal people exchange.
Maldivian swimmer delivers important message.
Male abdomen is black with a red tip, female abdomen is all black.
Male abdomen is black with a red tip, female abdomen is black.
Male abdomen is black with the rear half red, female abdomen is black.
Male abuse is no more important or worse than female abuse.
Male abusers deny.
Male academics begin incorporating feminist theory into their work.
Many male actors are gay, and that's fine, but they have trouble projecting masculinity on-screen.
Male adders can also locate sexually receptive females using their keen sense of smell.
Male administrators paddle older boys and women paddle older girls.
Male adults feed on plant juice.
Male adults have a bright orange patch on their back through which a black band runs vertically.
Male adults have long beards and mustaches, and highly developed cheek pads and throat pouches.
Some male adults use mud.
Male advertisement is an honest boast of health.
Male advocates are available for male victims, family members, and friends who are at the exam site.
Male african elephants reach height.
Male albatrosses return to Midway before females to claim and defend their territories.
Male alligators are larger than female alligators.
Male alligators dig holes.
Male alligators exhibit movement.
Male alligators grow faster than and larger than females.
Male alligators weigh pounds.
Most male alligators dig holes.
Most male alligators exhibit movement.
Most male alligators weigh pounds.
Some male alligators have ranges.
Some male alligators reach feet.
Male alpacas are slightly taller than females.
Some male altos are tenors skilled in the use of falsetto.
Male american goldfinches have bright feathers.
Male american goldfinches have bright yellow feathers.
Male american goldfinches have feathers.
Male american goldfinches have yellow feathers.
MALE ancestors have EVEN numbers.
Male angelfish have a bump on their foreheads and females have a smooth forehead.
Male anglerfish are much smaller than female anglerfish, and they look a lot less intimidating.
Male anglerfish are much smaller than the female.
Male anglerfishes have a very powerful sense of smell, which they use to locate females.
Male animals are animals.
Male animals are males.
Male animals develop tumors of the seminal vesicles and adrenal glands.
Male animals have penises.
Male animals move on once they've had their way with the females in the herd.
Male animals spend a lot of time and energy trying to attract females.
Male animals tend to be more colorful than females of the same kind.
Male animals use their sense of smell to determine the sexual receptiveness of females.
Many male animals are brighty coloured.
Most male animals are dangerous.
Most male animals can be dangerous.
Most male animals compete with their peers for sexual dominance and men are no exception.
Some male animals give food to possible mates.
Some male animals show interest.
Male announcer speaks with strong edged voice.
Male anoles are particularly entertaining.
Male anoles use dewlaps to attract females.
Some male anoles fight for dominance.
Male anorectics tend to be even more resistant than females.
Male anorectics tend to be involved with sports such as wrestling.
Male anorexics seem to have anxieties about masculinity and athletic performance.
Male ants appear only in very large or old colonies and die soon after mating with the new queen.
Male ants are generally winged and usually keep their wings until death.
Male ants are much smaller than females and have longer antennae.
Male ants develop from unfertilized eggs.
Male ants die after mating.
Male ants have only one purpose, to mate with the fertile females.
Male ants have the sole purpose of mating with the queen.
Some male ants do have wings, but they tend to be slightly less noticeable.
Male antennae are bushy.
Male antennae are yellow.
Some male antennae are sensitive so that they can locate mates from few miles.
Male antlers are shed and regrown annually.
Male antlers curve back and then forward, with sharp tines.
Male applicants are preferred.
Male armor is smaller and oval rather than round.
Male asian elephants have tusks.
Male athletes are especially at risk in body building and wrestling.
Male athletes are stereotypically macho superstars.
Male athletes training and travelling together can follow a similar pattern.
Many male athletes suffer transient changes in the libido as they go on and off steroid cycles.
Many male athletes thrive on testosterone as a feature needed for competition.
Some male athletes take anabolic steroids to enhance their performance.
Male babirusas have canine teeth.
Male babirusas have teeth.
Male babirusas to grow throughout life.
Most male babirusas have canine teeth.
Most male babirusas have teeth.
Male baboons are large and powerful and have a more massively built skull than the females.
Male baboons are larger than females.
Male baboons are much larger than the females and have longer canine teeth.
Male baboons are powerful fighters and show little fear of larger animals, including humans.
Male baboons have canine teeth.
Male baboons have sharp teeth.
Male baboons have teeth.
Male baboons have upper teeth.
Male baboons threaten predators and cover the rear as the troop retreats.
Most male baboons have sharp teeth.
Most male baboons have teeth.
Most male baboons have upper teeth.
Some male baboons have capes.
Some male baboons show fear.
Male babies wet more than female babies.
Many male babies are sexually mature and ready and willing to impregnate mom.
Male bachelorhood seems to be a universal Chinese phenomenon regardless of time and place.
Male backlash is frequently the chief obstacle to such change.
Male badgers are called boars and are slightly larger and heavier than the females.
Male badgers are called boars.
Male baldness is generally an inherited characteristic caused by male sex hormones.
Male baldness occurs only on the top of the head, leaving a fringe around the back and sides.
Male bandicoots can make a sort of barking sound when they are feeling aggressive.
Male bandicoots fight by sitting up on their haunches and grappling with each other.
Male bandicoots have large territories as compared to female ones.
Male basilisks can be up to two feet long, including the long, tapering tail.
Male bass cannibalize their young.
Male bass move into the shallows and fan a bed on a hard bottom.
Male beagles reach ages.
Most male beagles reach ages.
Male beaks are bright red.
Male beaks are red, yellow, and blue to attract mates while female beaks are just blue.
Male beaks are striped like a puffin's and female beaks are one single color.
Male bears are called boars, females are sows, and youngsters are cubs.
Male bears fight with other male bears for seals.
Male bears have a baculum, or penis bone, like other bears and carnivores.
Male bears keep large territories that overlap the smaller ranges of several females.
Male bears take five or six years to mature.
Male bears tend to roam much more than the females.
Most male bears reach sexual maturity at the same time as their female counterparts.
Male bedbugs stab the females with their penis and then leave it there.
Male bees are called drones, and their sole purpose in life is to mate with a queen honeybee.
Male bees are called drones.
Male bees confuse the larvae aggregate for a female and attempt to mate.
Male bees dance as well to attempt to win over the female.
Male bees emerge just before the females.
Male bees fly about the nesting area for mating purposes and the heavy flight causes concern.
Male bees move from one such flower to another in search of a mate.
Male bees sport black mustaches for picking up parsnip perfume.
Male beetles appear to have huge antlers.
Male beetles fly during mid- to late morning.
Male birds are also usually larger, with a darker colouring.
Male birds are frequently more brightly colored than females.
Male birds are more colorful than the females.
Male birds are much easier to train than female birds.
Male birds are often more colorful or have special structures used to attract females.
Male birds bring sticks and other materials to the female to construct or maintain the nest.
Male birds can be aggressive in defending their chicks.
Male birds have a powerful, penetrating directional call.
Male birds have testes and sperm ducts and male swans, ducks, geese and ostriches have a penis.
Male birds return first to establish nest sites, whereas females return about a week later.
Male birds sing to attract female birds.
Male birds sit on eggs and raise the young.
Male birds use their songs and bright colors to attract a female ' s attention.
Many male birds are brightly colored to attract females.
Most male birds have no phallus .
Most male birds have no sex organs that can be seen.
Some male birds are able to sing the species-specific song, even if they are reared in isolation.
Some male birds have splendid feathers for attracting females.
Male bison are proportionally larger and more robust than females.
Male bison are typically larger than their female counterparts.
Male bison grow larger than female bison.
Male blackbucks are a rich dark brown, becoming darker with age.
Male blackbucks possess long horns, ringed at the base, and spirally twisted up to five turns.
Male blooms appear on a long slender stem.
Male blooms develop two weeks before the female.
Male blooms grow on the main vines.
Male blossoms appear first on a long stalk which often lifts the flower above the foliage.
Male blossoms fall off, littering the ground and causing gardeners to occasionally freak out.
Male blowfish push their females to the water surface to breed.
Male bluebirds make songs.
Most male bluebirds make songs.
Male bluegills build and guard nests in shallow water near stumps and logs.
Male bluegills guarding nests are woefully easy to catch.
Male boar are larger and heavier than female boar.
Male bobcats are driven away after breeding, and the males seek other females.
Male bobcats are slightly larger and heavier than females.
Male bobcats have tails.
Male bobcats play no part in raising the kittens.
Male bobcats reach sexual maturity at the age of two years old and females at the age of one.
Male bobcats tend to be larger than females.
Most male bobcats have tails.
Male bobolinks court a female by strutting, with their pointed tail feathers dragging the ground.
A male body is a figure
Male bodies have the potential for good as well as harm.
Male bongos are little bit larger than the female in size.
Male bonobos have sex.
Most male bonobos have sex.
Male bosses think that women leave to be with their family more.
Male bottlenose dolphins reach maturity.
Male bottlenose dolphins reach sexual maturity.
Male bovids have big horns which they sometimes use to defend themselves.
Male bowerbirds build bowers, where they court and mate with females.
Male bowerbirds build chambers or runways, called bowers, made of sticks or other material.
Male bowerbirds build elaborately decorated structures called bowers to attract mates.
Male bowerbirds collect the fruits to display in their bowers.
Male bowerbirds have an elaborate mating dance.
Male bowerbirds spread wings.
Most male bowerbirds spread wings.
Some male bowerbirds build structures.
Some male bowerbirds build towers.
Male bowfin stay and guard the eggs and young for up to several weeks.
Male brains develop from the back and work forward.
Male breasts have milk ducts, and some mammary tissue.
Male breasts have milk ducts, sinuses, and some mammary tissue.
Male budgerigars are considered one of the top five talking champions amongst parrot species.
Some male budgerigars have blue noses.
Some male budgerigars have noses.
Male budgies have interest.
Most male budgies have interest.
Male buffalo fight one another during mating season, ramming each other with their large horns.
Male bulls are dark brown to gray, growing more gray with age.
Male bullfrogs aggregate into groups called choruses.
Male bullfrogs have a yellow throat.
Male bullfrogs have several aggressive calls given during territorial encounters.
Male bullfrogs have throats.
Male bullfrogs have yellow throats.
Male bullfrogs stake out and defend their territory from any male frog intruder.
Most male bullfrogs have throats.
Most male bullfrogs have yellow throats.
Some male bunnies become very aggressive when they reach sexual maturity.
Some male bushbucks have crests.
Some male bushbucks have horns.
Male butterflies do more puddling than females.
Male butterflies dust prospective mates with an aphrodisiac produced on the tip of the abdomen.
Male butterflies find females by sight, and use chemicals called pheromones at close range.
Male butterflies rely less on scent and more on vision in the search for mates.
Male butterflies secure territories to use in mate location and courtship.
Male butterflies use puddling areas to absorb salts and minerals to aid reproduction.
Many male butterflies deliver more than just sperm to their mates.
Male cadavers are incapable of rendering any testimony.
Male cadavers are incapable of yielding any testimony.
Male cadavers are incapable of yielding testimony.
Male calves are raised and killed for their meat, both beef and veal.
Male calves require care.
Male calves weigh kgs.
Most male calves require care.
Most male calves weigh kgs.
Some male calves have bonds.
Some male calves have distinguishable features.
Some male calves have features.
Some male calves have strong bonds.
Male canaries are the sex of the species that sings.
Male canaries fight with each other, sometimes with fatal results.
Male canaries sing.
Male canaries tend to live longer than female canaries.
All male canaries sing, but only some are bred for song.
Male cancer is an issue about which the general public's awareness is worringly low.
Male cancers occur, but are much less common.
All male canids have a well-developed baculum.
Male canvasbacks are especially handsome with their reddish heads and clean white bodies.
Male canvasbacks have a rusty red head and neck, a black breast and a white body.
Male canvasbacks have heads.
Male canvasbacks have red heads.
Male canvasbacks have rusty red heads.
Most male canvasbacks have heads.
Most male canvasbacks have red heads.
Most male canvasbacks have rusty red heads.
Some male canvasbacks have chestnuts.
Some male capuchins have participation.
Male capybaras have a scent gland on their nose that they use to mark their territory.
Male caracals live in a large territory with smaller females' territories surrounding it.
Male cardinals are bright red, while female cardinals are brownish.
Male cardinals have bright red feathers, but females have duller orange-brown feathers.
Some male cardinals defend territory.
Male caribou are distinctive for the prominent bronze antlers they grow in the fall breeding season.
Male caribou tend to have larger front hooves than females.
Male carriers have a moderately increased risk of prostate cancer.
Male cases outnumber female cases.
Male cassowaries defend territory.
Male cassowary builds a shallow nest which is typically lined with vegetation.
Most male cassowaries defend territory.
Some male cassowaries care for chicks.
Some male cassowaries have appearances.
Some male cassowaries have similar appearances.
Some male cassowaries raise chicks.
Male cats are also over represented.
Male cats are approximately three times as likely to be infected as females.
Male cats are attracted to the urine deposits.
Male cats are cats.
Male cats are far more likely to spray than females, but either sex can develop the habit.
Male cats are fertile from six months, and can impregnate up to thirty-two female cats a year.
Male cats are male animals.
Male cats are more successful breeders in familiar surroundings.
Male cats are usually very cozy and friendly, and exhibit trust at an early age.
Male cats begin breeding activity when the female cats come in heat.
Male cats bring prey.
Male cats can sense females in heat through pheromones.
Male cats get more urinary blockage problems than females.
Male cats go through a significant personality change when they mature.
Male cats have spines on their penis that point backwards.
Male cats mark their territory with urine or with pheromones from glands in their face and feet.
Male cats shed more allergen than female cats.
Male cats show sexual maturity by spraying an extremely pungent urine on upright surfaces.
Male cats spray.
Male cats tend to be heavier in general.
Male cats tend to be more territorial than females and to insist on being the boss.
Male cats tend to reduce territorial spaying.
Male cats tend to reduce territorial spraying, depending on their age at neutering.
Male cats tend to reduce territorial spraying, depending upon their age at neutering.
Male cats tend to spray more than females, and tomcats more than neutered males.
Male cats tend to stop spraying.
Most male cats bring prey.
Male catkins are conspicuous, while the female flowers are small and easily overlooked.
Male catkins are yellowish, slender and hanging.
Male catkins give off lots of pollen in the spring.
Male catkins show colorful red stamens in the spring.
Male cattle are castrated to improve docility for use as oxen .
Male cattle are castrated to improve docility for use as oxen.
Male cattle are either bulls or steers.
Male cattle are prone to urinary blockages which are life-threatening.
Most male cattle are castrated .
Most male cattle are castrated.
Male cells are called sperm.
Male chaffinches are similar in size to a house sparrow, with the females being a little smaller.
Male chaffinches are unmistakeable for anything else, being one of our most colourful birds.
Male chaffinchs establish breed territory.
Male chaffinchs establish territory.
Most male chaffinchs establish territory.
Some male chaffinchs have breasts.
Some male chaffinchs have pink breasts.
Male chameleons are believed to be much more adorned as compared to the females.
Male characters are sometimes ambiguous.
Male characters determine currency or property distribution.
Male characters outnumber females in the dreams of both sexes.
Male characters play electric lead guitar, piano and rhythm guitar.
Male chats are loud, continuous singers, sometimes heard through the night.
Male chauvinism exists in all cultures.
Male chauvinism is sexism
Male cheerleaders are scary.
Male cheerleaders can make their mark on the all-star level.
Male cheetahs are slightly larger than females and their heads are bigger.
Male cheetahs live alone or in small groups, often with their littermates.
Male cheetahs mark territory.
Some male cheetahs seek territory.
Male chevrotains are generally smaller than females.
Male chicks are ground up in batches while still alive, suffocated in trash cans, or gassed.
Male chicks are of no value to the egg industry.
A male child is a male
Male child suffers most from father deprivation.
Male children appear to be more commonly affected than females.
Male children are by no means immune from kidnapping and sale.
Male children are males.
Male children are more likely than females to be poisoned.
Male children are more likely to die from crib death than females.
Male children are the recipients of most physical abuse from parents and mothers.
Male children have a drowning rate two to four times that of female children.
Male children have a higher risk of fire-related death and injury than female children.
Male children have brains.
Male children have roughly twice as many aggressive dreams as do female children.
Male children inherit larger percentages of an estate than do female children.
Most male children have brains.
Some male children have testes.
Male chimaera are smaller than the females.
Male chimps enter puberty at the same time as female chimps.
Male chimps enter puberty.
Male chimps like to throw missiles-whatever is handy, generally sticks and stones.
Male chimps make macho displays to impress females and can be quite vehement in their demands.
Male chimps mate anytime they copulate with a female, even at an infant stage.
Male chimps patrol the borders of the territory and kill any foreign chimps that enter.
Most male chimps enter puberty.
Some male chimps kill chimps.
Male chimpanzees are larger than the females.
Male chimpanzees are well known for violence , including the killing of the young.
Male chimpanzees attract females' attentions by displaying their erect penises.
Male chimpanzees compete for the alpha status.
Male chimpanzees fight their own battles, often relying on the support of other males.
Some male chimpanzees attain dominance.
Some male chimpanzees avoid contact.
Some male chimpanzees avoid eye contact.
Some male chimpanzees have small testes.
Some male chimpanzees have testes.
Some male chimpanzees patrol territory.
Male chinooks have kypes, or pronounced hook-shaped lower jaws.
Male chubs begin nest-construction by excavating a pit in gravel substrate of a stream.
Male cicadas are also capable of making a loud squawk when disturbed.
Male cicadas are known for their loud calls.
Male cicadas attract females by their characteristic songs.
Male cicadas begin to sing with a shrill, loud buzzing noise to attract females.
Male cicadas make sound.
Male cicadas produce sound.
Most male cicadas make sound.
Most male cicadas produce sound.
Some male cicadas have sides.
Male cichlids try to eat fish eggs and small fish, or fry.
Male cigarette plug to dual female ends.
Male circumcision is celebrated for the rite of passage it represents.
Male circumcision is circumcision.
Male circumcision is clearly a Muslim tradition.
Male circumcision is performed on boys just a few days old.
Male circumcision is the most common neonatal surgical procedure.
Male circumcision is the surgical removal of the foreskin from the penis.
Male circumcision is vitally important to some religious and cultural groups.
Male circumcision takes place on the eighth day after birth.
Every male citizen can vote.
All male classes are prepared and presented by females only.
Male classmates are just as bad, using sexual violence to gain control over girls.
Male clients can receive health counseling and condom distribution.
Male clones are also usually gym boys.
Male clones develop synchronously with the females.
Male coat darkens with age.
Male cockatiels are better are talking and whistling than female cockatiels.
Male cockatiels are better at parenting.
Most male cockatiels have the potential to learn to speak.
Some male cockatiels have style.
Male cockroaches have the babies.
Male cockroaches let each other know how tough they are by producing a pheromone.
Male cockroaches weigh less than female cockroaches, and males can fly and flee faster.
Some male cockroaches defend territory.
Some male cockroaches produce acoustic sound.
Some male cockroaches produce sound.
Male cod attract females by grunting and displaying.
Male collectors tend to go more for character jugs than figurines.
Male coloration is orange, green, black, and red.
Male comics dog the sisters, and women dog the brothers.
Male common goldeneyes have heads.
Male common goldeneyes have necks.
Male common goldeneyes have patches.
Male common goldeneyes have round white patches.
Male competition is high when there are extra-group males.
Male condoms are available in a wide variety of styles, colors, and textures.
Male condoms are available in latex, polyurethane, and animal membrane.
Male condoms are cheap and effective.
Male condoms are currently the best comprehensive prevention method.
Male condoms are easily available.
Male condoms are probably the easiest method of birth control to find.
Male condoms are the best contraceptive to protect against pregnancy and STDs.
Male condoms are the only method designed specifically for males to use.
Male condoms break.
Male condoms come in different shapes, types and sizes to suit everybody.
Male condoms cover the erect penis.
Male condoms cover the penis and keep semen from going into the vagina.
Male condoms keep the sperm from entering the vagina.
Male condoms work best when the women uses contraceptive foams, films, or inserts.
Some male condoms come with spermicides coating the latex.
Male cone is called pollen cone consist of sporophyll, and leaf like scales that bear sporagia.
Male cone is shaken over female to release pollen.
Male cone is smaller and bears microsporangia.
Male cone is smaller.
Male cones are beneath female on the tree to avoid self-pollination and increase genetic diversity.
Male cones are formed on separate trees.
Male cones are largely inconspicuous, but exist on every kind of pine tree.
Male cones are minute, numerous, reddish and found at branch tips.
Male cones are normally smaller than female cones.
Male cones are reddish purple and ripen to yellowish-brown.
Male cones are relatively small and are soon dropped after they release their pollen into the wind.
Male cones are small and similar in all conifers.
Male cones are small and soft.
Male cones are smaller and soft, and female cones are large and hard.
Male cones can be singular, but more often there are two or more per plant.
Male cones contain pollen and female cones contain eggs.
Male cones generate pollen, from sex organs called microsporangium.
Male cones make pollen, which is carried to female cones by the wind.
Male cones produce pollen, which is taken by the wind and fertilizes female eggs by that means.
Male cones shed a lot of pollen grains in great numbers, to be fertilized by female gametophyte.
Male cones stay viable for a few days when stored in a plastic bag.
Some male cones contain pollen.
Some male cones look like cobs.
Some male cones look like corn cobs.
Some male cones produce pollen.
Male congregants are welcome to come and go as they please.
Male connectors have prongs or protruding wires.
Male constables are many a times found underestimating the power of their woman colleagues.
Male consultants can spend less by buying a good tuxedo and several good, conservative suits.
Male contestants wear posing trunks and female contestants wear bikinis.
Male contraceptives are finally in the U.S. news.
Male Cooters have claws on the front feet.
Male Cooters mature quicker then females, in about three years.
Male cottonmouths are larger than females.
Male courtship behavior includes presentation.
Male courtship consists of shaking the head and tail with the breast held above the water.
Male courtship involves advertising songs and a zigzagging aerial display.
Male crab is tethered swimming on a string to catch a female.
Male crabs are graded by measuring from tip to tip, and checked for fullness.
Male crabs have a fleshy, bulb-like structure at the base of the moveable finger of the claws.
Male crabs have claws.
Male crabs live in salinity water.
Male crabs live in water.
Male crabs prefer lower salinity areas in the upper Bay and tributaries.
Male crabs reach full size.
Male crabs reach size.
Male crabs use claws.
Male crabs use giant claws.
Male crabs use legs.
Most male crabs have claws.
Most male crabs live in salinity water.
Most male crabs live in water.
Most male crabs reach full size.
Most male crabs reach size.
Most male crabs use claws.
Most male crabs use giant claws.
Some male crabs have abdominal flaps.
Some male crabs have flaps.
Some male crabs have small flaps.
Some male crabs have small triangular flaps.
Some male crabs have triangular flaps.
Male crawlers tend to settle in clusters.
Male crickets can make a lot of noise when they chirp.
Male crickets chirp by rubbing their wings, both to attract females and to ward off competing males.
Male crickets create their chirps by rubbing their forewings together.
Male crickets establish their dominance over each other by aggression.
Male crickets have two extrusions.
Male crickets increase sperm number in relation to competition and female size.
Male crickets produce their songs by stridulation of the their wings.
Male crickets sing with their wings.
Male crickets tend to be smaller and are easier to assess.
Most male crickets make a loud chirping sound by stridulation .
Male crocodilians are larger than females.
Male crocodilians are the larger sex . .
Male crystals are usually clear and crisp, while females are almost opaque or cloudy.
Male cubs are usually larger than the female cubs.
Male cubs develop faster than females.
Male cubs leave their birthplace and start off to find territory of their own.
Male cuttlefishs spray water.
Male Cycads look ornamental with red cones and make a perfect garden plant with easy maintenance.
Male cycads produce pollen cones while female cycads produce seed cones.
Male damselfish defend their clutches until the larvae hatch.
Male dancers emphasize exercise for the upper body, arms, shoulders and stomach to develop strength.
Male dancers go up against each other in the traditional, grass dance and fancy categories.
Male dancers wear the blazer top over kilt with waist belt, hose, flashes and dance shoes.
Male darters are larger than females.
Male darters use their bright colors to attract females.
Male deer are called bucks, bulls, stags or harts.
Male deer are called bucks, female deer are called does, and baby deer are called fawns.
Male deer can grow very impressive racks or antlers.
Male deer compete for mates.
Male deer damage plants.
Male deer go through a special ritual of rutting during the fall season.
Male deer grow and shed a new set of antlers every year.
Male deer grow antlers in the late spring and lose the antlers in late winter.
Male deer grow antlers.
Male deer grow new antlers each year.
Male deer have antlers.
Male deer lose antlers.
Male deer lose their antlers after the mating season.
Male deer possess red spots.
Male deer possess spots.
Male deer require more protein in their diet during antler development.
Male deer rub antlers.
Male deer rub velvety antlers.
Male deer shed their antlers in the spring and grow a new rack by the fall.
Male deer takes in French female in German prison camp.
Male deer use antlers.
Male deer use their antlers to fight each other during the fall breeding season, called the rut .
Male deer use their hooves to scrape at the ground.
All male deer grow and shed their antlers in an annual cycle.
Most male deer compete for mates.
Most male deer grow antlers.
Most male deer have antlers that are shed and renewed annually.
Most male deer have antlers.
Most male deer lose antlers.
Most male deer possess red spots.
Most male deer rub antlers.
Most male deer rub velvety antlers.
Most male deer use antlers.
Some male deer have tops.
Some male deer rub themselves with urine increasing their threat signal during the rut.
Male desire is supposed to be separated from affection.
Male detention affects extra-pair copulation frequency and pair behavior in western bluebirds.
Male dingoes are larger than females.
Male dingoes become sexually mature at age of one year.
Male diploidy is also of significant concern when using parasitoids in biological control.
Male directors tend to eat at the same club and mingle with corporate executives.
Male divinity permeates much of church language.
Male doctors are essential to motivate men to undergo infertility testing.
Male dog is bigger and more massive than the bitch.
Male dog is very well behaved and seems to be an inside dog.
Male dogs appear noticeably masculine and bitches feminine.
Male dogs are attracted from blocks away and, in fact, seem to come out of the woodwork.
Male dogs are bigger and more massive than the bitch.
Male dogs are more aggressive and more likely to fight, especially with other male dogs.
Male dogs are more aggressive than female dogs.
Male dogs are more likely to bite than female dogs.
Male dogs are sometimes equally anxious to mark their territories.
Male dogs can be aggressive with other animals.
Male dogs can make good children's pets if they are desexed.
Male dogs can sense females in heat through pheromones.
Male dogs can suffer from prostate problems, just like men do.
Male dogs get interested in sex very early.
Male dogs have a bone in the end of the penis, with a groove in it.
Male dogs have an increased incidence of osteosarcomas.
Male dogs raise legs.
Male dogs reach full maturity.
Male dogs reach full sexual maturity.
Male dogs reach maturity.
Male dogs reach sexual maturity.
Male dogs tend to urinate more frequently and therefore in smaller quantities.
Male dogs think veterinary clinics are a mecca for marking territory.
All male dogs use the same search area and females use another.
Every male dog has the capacity to father hundreds of puppies.
Many male dogs live together in complete harmony.
Most male dogs raise legs.
Most male dogs reach full maturity.
Most male dogs reach full sexual maturity.
Most male dogs reach maturity.
Most male dogs reach sexual maturity.
Some male dogs use pheromone.
Male dolphins play no role in raising their young.
Male dolphins take no part in caring for the young.
Male domestic fowl has feathers.
Male domestic fowl has shiny feathers.
Male dominance becomes threatened, and men are faced with a loss of control.
Male dominance continues to be entrenched.
Male dominance is a political system.
Male dominance is decided with conflicts to test their strength.
Male dominance is directly related to reproductive success.
Male dominance is strong, something that begins by educating children to be machista.
Male dominance plays a big role in chimp society.
Male domination is part of the culture and part of the problem.
Male domination is shown sexually.
Male domination runs more deeply than the physical aspect of where men sit.
Male doves build shallow, saucer-like nests made of sticks and twigs.
Male dragonflies are aggressive mates, and are often guilty of sexual harassment.
Male dragonflies exhibit aggression toward other males.
Male dragonflies have claspers on the end of their abdomen.
Male drills become very colorful as they mature.
Male drivers are more likely to be involved in alcohol-related crashes than females.
Male drivers lodged in congested traffic have new cause for misery.
Male drivers tend to get suspended with pay, they say, but female drivers get suspended without pay.
Male drones emerge in the late summer, which quickly die after finding a queen to mate with.
Male drones lack stingers and are kept until reproduction is complete.
Male drones live only to mate with the queen, who is the only fertile female in the colony.
Male ducks are bright colors of usually green.
Male ducks are generally more brightly colored than the females.
Male ducks are usually lighter in color than the females.
Male ducks begin emerging from their eclipse into brilliant breeding plumage.
Male ducks can get a virus that increases oil production on the skin.
Some male ducks have phalluses that are larger than their bodies.
Male dugongs are distinguished by tusks.
Male dugongs defend territory.
Male dugongs defend their territories, and they change their behavioral displays to attract females.
Male dugongs develop tusks when they reach maturity.
Male dugongs produce low frequency barks when competing for a mate.
Most male dugongs are distinguished by tusks.
Most male dugongs defend territory.
Some male dugongs have incisors.
All male dwarves have beards.
Male earwigs have pinchers that are a much more curved, question-mark shape.
Male eastern bluebirds make songs.
Male echidnas have a bizarre, four-headed penis.
Male echidnas have a four-headed penis .
Male echidnas have non-venomous spurs on the hind feet.
Male eels are now well known.
Male ego does seem to lie at the heart of each situation.
Male eiders start to congregate offshore in large floating flocks, or rafts, for the fall molt.
Male ejaculate can vary in colour from whitish to yellowish green.
Male eland have a large dewlap on their throat that become more pronounced with age.
Male elders give advice and pass judgement.
Male elephants are bulls.
Male elephants are called bulls and females are called cows.
Male elephants are elephants.
Male elephants are usually larger than female elephants.
Male elephants are usually solitary as adults and only travel with the herds for mating.
Male elephants can also smell the hormones of a female ready for breeding.
Male elephants engage in activities.
Male elephants engage in sexual activities.
Male elephants fight for females and the winners are usually the largest and strongest.
Male elephants grow throughout life and so do females, although less dramatically.
Male elephants have tusks.
Male elephants leave the family group early and return to the female groups only to breed.
Male elephants live in separate herds.
Male elephants reach height.
Male elephants tend to have heavier, longer and more stouter tusks than females do.
Male elephants weigh tonnes.
All male elephants start out life as babies living with their mother in the matrifocal group.
Most male elephants engage in activities.
Most male elephants engage in sexual activities.
Most male elephants have tusks.
Most male elephants reach height.
Most male elephants weigh tonnes.
Some male elephants have prey.
Some male elephants hit puberty.
Male elk are notable for their impressively large antlers.
Male elk grow and naturally shed a set of antler every year.
Male elk grow and naturally shed a set of antlers every year .
Male elk grow and shed their antlers every year.
Male elk have antlers which are shed each year.
Male elk roll in mud wallows to keep cool and avoid insect pests.
Male elk use their antlers to spar with other bulls.
Some male embryos produce testosterone.
Some male employees can be less than enthusiastic about having a woman for a boss.
Male emus are very conscientious and dedicated parents.
Male energy is electrical, and female energy is magnetic.
Male energy is outgoing, brash, quick, short, and open.
Male engineers acknowledge such workplace gender barriers to a lesser extent than women.
Male engineers chase each other down the hallway as part of the requisite nerf gun fights.
Male entitlement is reflected in their belief that they influence school policy.
Male ermines are significantly bigger than the females.
Male escorts are as diverse as men's sexual tastes.
Male eyes are closer together, while female eyes are set apart widely.
Male faeries do exist, and just as frequently as females.
Male fans are just as involved with their show as everyone else.
Male fans are of different minds on women's sports.
Male fans are only of interest to the media when their behavior is scandalous.
Male fantasies focus on specific details of a partner s physical appearance and less on setting.
Male fashions change.
Male fawns have a type of antler growth usually referred to as buttons.
Some male fawns become mothers.
Male fecundity increases greatly with age, unlike female.
Male ferrets have a ventral abdominal penis and are generally larger than females.
Male fetuses are less likely than females to come to term.
Male fighting is common during the choosing of mates and selecting available female goats.
Male figures represent our strong, assertive part.
Male finches use their songs, in part, as a mating call.
Male fireflies glow.
Male fireflies signal to females by flashing their lights in specific patterns.
Male fish are longer, slimmer, and slightly yellow at the belly.
Male fish begin defending territories along shore where they create shallow nests.
Male fish build bubble nests within the leaves or at the edge.
Male fish develop a long, hooked snout with large teeth.
Male fish develop eggs in testes .
Male fish have one obvious hole and one very small, barely detectable hole just past their anal fin.
Male fish start making female egg proteins.
Male fish turns a blacker tinge when guarding the nest.
Some male fish return after just two years.
Male florets are without petals and lack a pistil.
Male flower is on left, female flower is on right.
Male flowers appear first, at leaf joints on the main stem and on larger side shoots.
Male flowers appear first, produce pollen, and drop off.
Male flowers appear on plants.
Male flowers appear on weed plants.
Male flowers are at the end of the branchlets and females in the axils.
Male flowers are at the stem tip, female flowers at the stem base.
Male flowers are borne in long sprays that originate along the trunk.
Male flowers are catkins and showy, while the female flowers are green and inconspicuous.
Male flowers are catkins.
Male flowers are found in the upper sections of the spadix and female flowers in the lower.
Male flowers are groups of tiny purple flowers that grow in drooping clusters called catkins.
Male flowers are in compact balls.
Male flowers are in whorls at nodes or in aments at the ends of lateral branches.
Male flowers are inconspicuous and formed at the tips of terminal branches.
Male flowers are longer with a furry appearance.
Male flowers are more conspicuous than female flowers.
Male flowers are morphologically distinct from female flowers.
Male flowers are narrow and straight and have longer stems.
Male flowers are numerous in clusters on a narrow, long and erect stalk.
Male flowers are numerous infloresences about two inches long.
Male flowers are scattered, and female in the top of the tree.
Male flowers are slightly smaller.
Male flowers are smaller than female flowers.
Male flowers are tawny catkins whereas female flowers are sparsely-flowered spikes.
Male flowers are the ones to harvest , dip in batter and fry.
Male flowers are thin and tubular.
Male flowers are uppermost on the plant axis.
Male flowers are very similar across all species, varying mainly only in size.
Male flowers are yellow, larger, and occur in clusters.
Male flowers are yellowish and arise from branchlets near the base of shoots.
Male flowers bloom for one day, then drop off the plants.
Male flowers carry pollen.
Male flowers consist of florets.
Male flowers consist of numerous florets.
Male flowers consist of stamens.
Male flowers contain pollen, and female flowers contain a receptacle for the pollen called an ovule.
Male flowers contain pollen.
Male flowers contain stamens.
Male flowers develop first and female flowers develop further along the vine.
Male flowers fall off after pollen is shed, leaving the bare stem .
Male flowers form a yellowish cluster several centimetres above the females.
Male flowers form above the female flowers in the axils of the uppermost leaves.
Male flowers form in clusters at the end of branches, but soon drop off.
Male flowers furnish pollen for pollination, but never produce fruit.
Male flowers hang in umbels from the top portion of the stem.
Male flowers have female organs.
Male flowers have long, thin stalks with several small blooms.
Male flowers have many stamens.
Male flowers have nine, reddish stamens.
Male flowers have organs.
Male flowers have pistils.
Male flowers have pollen pistils.
Male flowers have pollen.
Male flowers have reddish stamens.
Male flowers have stalks.
Male flowers have stamens.
Male flowers have thin stalks.
Male flowers have yellow protruding stamens.
Male flowers have yellow stamens.
Male flowers lack stigmas or have undeveloped stigmas.
Male flowers lack tubular base and pistil but have longer stamens.
Male flowers look like inverted cups and are in long spikes at the end of branches.
Male flowers look like threads while female flowers look like little green balls.
Male flowers mature and produce pollen, larval wasps become adults and mate.
Male flowers minute in a pendent catkin.
Male flowers occur on plants.
Male flowers open first and always drop off.
Male flowers open first, joined by female blossoms about a week later.
Male flowers open last and produce no fruit.
Male flowers outnumber female flowers and always appear first.
Male flowers outnumber female flowers.
Male flowers predominate and usually appear before female flowers start to develop.
Male flowers predominate in the grow room.
Male flowers produce excessive wind-dispersed pollen.
Male flowers produce pollen from the many stamens.
Male flowers produce pollen that is carried on the wind to the female flowers.
Male flowers produce pollen, and female flowers develop into fruit.
Male flowers produce pollen.
Male flowers produce the pollen, and the female flowers produce the watermelon fruits.
Male flowers provide pollen.
Male flowers release pollen.
Male flowers serve as the pollinator and female flowers bear fruit.
Male flowers shed pollen.
Male flowers shed viable pollen.
Male flowers stink.
Many male flowers are on the tassel.
Most male flowers appear on plants.
Most male flowers appear on weed plants.
Most male flowers carry pollen.
Most male flowers consist of florets.
Most male flowers consist of numerous florets.
Most male flowers consist of stamens.
Most male flowers contain pollen.
Most male flowers contain stamens.
Most male flowers have female organs.
Most male flowers have organs.
Most male flowers have pistils.
Most male flowers have pollen pistils.
Most male flowers have stamens.
Most male flowers have thin stalks.
Most male flowers have yellow stamens.
Most male flowers occur on plants.
Most male flowers produce pollen.
Most male flowers provide pollen.
Most male flowers release pollen.
Most male flowers shed pollen.
Most male flowers shed viable pollen.
Some male flowers are pollinated by beetles.
Some male flowers fill baskets.
Some male flowers fill pollen baskets.
Some male flowers look like bananas.
Some male flowers make fruit.
Some male flowers produce fruit.
Male flies are often smaller than females.
Male flies feed on nectar and are of no consequence as animal pests.
Male flies feed on nectar and pollen.
Male flies have sex combs on their front legs.
Male flies help the females to bank sperm.
Male flies produce an auditory stridulatory sound or signal during courtship.
Some male flies form compact swarms.
Male foals are called colts, and females are called fillies.
Male foals are called colts.
Male foetuses can also develop the disease, but they die at an early stage in pregnancy.
Male forceps are generally larger than the female forceps.
Male forewing has a costal fold enclosing scent scales.
Male forewing has a dark patch of sex scales.
Male forewing has a long patch of dark sex scales.
Male forewing has a wide black stigma.
Male forewings range from pale gray with pink and black markings to almost black.
Male form is an important variable in the agonistic interactions of cambarid crayfishes.
Male forms are the most commonly used mold for the canoes.
Male foxes are known as dogs, tods or reynards, and females are called vixens.
Male frames require the use of a plumb bob to confirm centerline alignment.
Male friends are very important and worth sacrificing a female for.
Male friends embrace upon meeting, and women exchange kisses on both cheeks.
Male friendships serve different functions than do relationships with women.
Male frogs are usually smaller than the female frogs.
Male frogs call loudly to attract a female.
Male frogs call to attract females of their own species and to warn off other males.
Male frogs call to protect their territory and attract females.
Male frogs do tend to go to huge efforts to make sure their territory is defined and well defended.
Male frogs do the singing.
Male frogs give calls that attract female frogs to approach and mate.
Male frogs go through an elaborate ritual to attract mates.
Male frogs have one or two pouches of skin called vocal sacs.
Male frogs have vocal sacs on either side of the throat.
Male frogs risk much for the sake of the next amphibious generation.
Most male frogs attract mates by giving advertisement calls.
Male fugitives face certain death on a planet ruled by women.
Male fur is short, soft and velvety and when brushed, offers no resistance in either direction.
Male galagos have a baculum, a structure that male lorids lack.
Male gametes are called sperm and female gametes are called eggs.
Male gametes are called sperm and female gametes are eggs.
Male gametes are called sperm, while female gametes are called eggs or ova.
Male gametes are flagellated and highly motile.
Male gametes are found inside tiny pollen grains on the anthers of flowers.
Male gametes are inside pollen grains in the anthers.
Male gametes are much more sensitive than females to external conditions.
Male gametes are sperm and female gametes are eggs.
Male gametes are sperm cells while female gametes are egg cells.
Male gametes are sperm, and the female gametes are eggs.
Male gametes are sperm.
Male gametes are transferred through the pollen tube into the ovule.
Male gametes consists of large nucleus with thin sheath of cytoplasm.
Male gametes fertilize female gametes to form a zygote, which grows into a sporophyte.
Male gametes tend to be almost colorless, unlike the pigmented zoospores.
Male gametocytes are called spermatocytes , and female gametocytes are called oocytes .
Male gametophores are topped by a flattened disc containing the antheridia which produce sperm .
Male gametophyte forms a long pollen tube.
Male gametophyte is contained in a dry pollen grain.
Male gametophytes are called stamens , female gametophytes are pistils .
Male gametophytes are large, multiflagellate and motile.
Male gametophytes grow at a much slower rate than females.
Male gametophytes release spermatia from a spermatangium.
Some male gametophytes have antheridiums.
Some male gametophytes reach maturity.
Many male gangs allow females to join their ranks, but others are exclusively female.
Male garibaldis cultivate a nest of red algae.
Male garments comprise a short vest open at the front and trousers.
Male geckos are very territorial, and unless the cage is very large only one male per cage is best.
Male gender is a risk factor for major infections after surgery.
Male genes can benefit from casual liaisons as well as from committed ones.
A male genitalia is a sex organ
Male genitalia hold the answer and delimit species groups.
Male genitalia is purely reproductive and separate from the urinary tract.
Male genitalia is similar to red panda Vision is poor.
Male gerbils are frendlier to each other.
Male gerbils attain maturity.
Male gerbils attain sexual maturity.
Male gerbils have a bald patch of dry skin in the middle of their tummy.
Male gerbils have fur.
Male gerbils have prominent testicles, meaning their testes sacks can easily be seen.
Most male gerbils attain maturity.
Most male gerbils attain sexual maturity.
Most male gerbils have fur.
Some male gerbils develop tumors.
Some male gerbils have patches.
Male gerenuks have horns.
Most male gerenuks have horns.
Male gibbons are slightly larger than the females.
Male giraffes compete for females by fighting with their necks.
Male giraffes show off by standing next to one another and ramming their necks together.
Male giraffes tend to live in bachelor herds, with older males often leading solitary lives.
Male giraffes use their horns to playfully fight with one another.
Male giraffes weigh more than female giraffes.
Male gliders have a bold spot on their head which the females lack.
Male glowworms are small, winged beetles.
Male gnomes let their beards grow and grow.
Male goats are capable of siring young at the age of six months.
Male goats are very aggressive and can be difficult to manage.
Male goats have an offensive odor, especially during the mating season.
Male goats shed coats.
Male goats weigh pounds.
Most male goats shed coats.
Most male goats weigh pounds.
Male gobies guard the eggs in a nest until they are born.
Male gobies protect the eggs in a nest till they are born.
Some male gobies occupy areas.
Some male gobies occupy prime spawn areas.
Some male gobies occupy spawn areas.
Male goldfinches are more lemon-yellow and have strongly marked black wings, tail, and cap.
Male goldfinches have bright feathers.
Male goldfinches have bright yellow feathers.
Male goldfinches have feathers.
Male goldfinches have yellow feathers.
Most male goldfinches have bright feathers.
Most male goldfinches have bright yellow feathers.
Most male goldfinches have feathers.
Most male goldfinches have yellow feathers.
Male goldfish have a thinner body and their vent looks like it is concave.
Male goldfish have breeding stars.
Male goldfish tend to be a bit smaller than their female counterparts.
Male gonads are a creamy-white color and yellowish in females.
Male gonads are the testes, located outside the body.
Male geese are generally larger in size than females.
Male gorals have a short mane and tend to be darker than female gorals.
Male gorillas are larger than female gorillas.
Male gorillas are much larger than the females, and are almost twice as heavy.
Male gorillas live at zoos.
Male gorillas produce offspring.
Male gorillas reach maturity.
Male gorillas use canine teeth.
Male gorillas use teeth.
Most male gorillas live at zoos.
Most male gorillas produce offspring.
Most male gorillas reach maturity.
Most male gorillas use canine teeth.
Most male gorillas use teeth.
Some male gorillas have bonds.
Some male gorillas have social bonds.
Some male gorillas have weak bonds.
Some male gorillas have weak social bonds.
Some male gorillas reach height.
All Male grads have to be pleased.
Many male grasshoppers make noise by rubbing their back legs together.
Male Greys continue in active sports longer than females.
Male grooming is the order of the day.
Male groups are stable at up to four, girls are better in pairs or trios.
Male groups celebrate the event with drums and bells.
Male groupies are stalkers.
Male grouse add rhythm to the symphony of spring.
Male grouse are true homebodies.
Male guanacos are larger than the females.
Male guerezas roar loud nocturnal and dawn choruses as a means of spacing groups.
Male guest are lead to their seats.
Male guinea pigs reach maturity.
Male guinea pigs reach sexual maturity.
Male guppies are always in competition when there is another male present in the same tank.
Male guppies are brighter colored than females and slightly shorter and slimmer than females.
Male guppies are brilliantly colored, and the pattern and color possibilities are endless.
Male guppies are more colorful than female guppies.
Male guppies are very aggressive breeders.
Male guppies exhibit several patterns of courtship behaviour.
Male guppies have anal fins.
Male guppies have fins.
Male guppies have longer, wider flowing tails and dorsal fins.
Most male guppies have anal fins.
Most male guppies have fins.
Some male guppies have types.
Male gymnasts peak in their late teens to early twenties.
Male handsomeness depends on skills and prowess.
Male harlequins are dark blue-gray, with bold accents.
Male harlequins are mostly dark blue-grey with distinctive brown and white markings.
Male harlequins come inland only to breed.
Male hawksbills have claws.
Most male hawksbills have claws.
Male head has no wife.
Male helpers assist in excavating nesting cavities, defending the territory and raising the young.
Male herds join the females when they are in estrous.
Male herons begin attracting their mate by building a nest to impress the female.
Male hippos defend territory.
Male hippos reach maturity.
Male hippos reach sexual maturity.
Male hippos use incisors.
Male hippopotamuses hold territories where they keep 'harems' of females.
Male hippopotamuses weigh pounds.
Most male hippopotamuses weigh pounds.
Male hippos are called a bull.
Male hippos seem to keep on growing for their whole lives.
Most male hippos reach sexual maturity.
Some male hippos grow throughout life.
Male home ranges cover areas.
Male homosexuals are at risk for pharyngitis and proctitis.
Male homosexuals have ambivalent feelings toward it.
Male homosexuals have only two options, either sodomy or oral.
Male homosexuality is fixed before adulthood.
Male homosexuality is illegal, under a criminal code inherited from British rule.
Male homosexuality is tolerated despite religious sanction.
Male honeybees are called drones.
Male hormones are an important factor in balding.
Male hormones are far more effective than female ones, even in women.
Male hormones are responsible for much more than the desire and capability to breed mares.
Male hormones can actually help the prostate cancer grow.
Male hormones can cause structural changes in the upper airway.
Male hormones decline gradually.
Male hormones diminish with age.
Male hormones do the opposite.
Male hormones have the opposite effect.
Male hormones play a role in prostate cancer.
Male hormones play no part at all.
Male hormones promote the growth and spread of the cancer.
Male hormones stimulate the production of keratin and selubum, which leads to clogged pores.
Male hormones stimulate the prostate gland to develop in the fetus.
Most male hormone comes from the testicles in the form of testosterone.
Male horns are heavier, longer and with thicker bosses than that of females.
Male horns are larger than female.
Male horns are massive, curling and diverging.
Male horns are shorter and stockier than female horns.
Male horns are shown to the left, while female horns are shown to the right.
Male horns bow out from the base with the tips almost always pointing in.
Male hornbills imprison their mates in trees after sex.
A male horse is a horse
A male horse is a male
Male horses exhibit the flehmen reaction in response to the scent of a female's urine.
Male horses secrete a lubricant from their sheaths called smegma.
Male horseflies feed on nectar and pollen, while female horseflies feed on the blood of mammals.
Male houseflies mate with many females, but females usually only mate with one male.
Male howler monkeys have calls.
Male howlers are black, while females are brown.
Male humans look pretty unhelpful next to pigeons.
Male humans reach their sexual peak between the ages of eighteen and twenty.
Every male human is at risk.
Male hummingbirds are very aggressive.
Male hummingbirds can be quite aggressive in defense of their territory.
Male hummingbirds lead a carefree life.
Male hummingbirds provide no care to their offspring.
Male humpbacks position themselves next to females with the untiring desire to copulate.
Male humpbacks serenade females with the longest and most complex songs in the animal kingdom.
Male humpbacks sing the longest and most complex songs of any animal.
Male huskies are usually thicker in appearance than female huskies .
Male huskies are usually thicker in appearance than female huskies.
Male hustlers stand on street corners pouncing on passerby.
Male hybrids have the additional advantage of producing no seed and, thus, no asparagus seedlings.
Some male hyenas become friends.
A male hypogonadism is incompetence
Male hypogonadism is associated with muscle weakness, osteoporosis and visuospatial deficits.
Male idols come in handy to the task.
Male iguanas are much larger than the females.
Male iguanas become territorial as they sexually mature.
Male iguanas can be highly aggressive towards one another.
Male iguanas have hemipenes for breeding.
Male iguanas have penises.
Male iguanas have ranges.
Male iguanas have the largest testes for their body size of all reptiles.
Male iguanas possess a pair of intromittent organs, the hemipenes.
Male iguanas tend to be larger and have brighter overall coloration than females.
Most male iguanas have penises.
Most male iguanas have ranges.
Some male iguanas have appearances.
Some male iguanas have typical appearances.
Some male iguanas have undersides.
Some male iguanas rely on color.
Male impotence is a relatively common problem.
Male impotence is another common consequence of hardening of the arteries.
Male impotence is often a side effect of more serious cardiovascular problems.
Male indigos are blue only in breeding plumage and mostly rich brown during the winter.
Male infants are more likely to be born with abnormalities of the urinary tract.
Male infertility can have many causes, some that can be treated successfully.
Male infertility is a problem for about forty percent of infertile couples.
Male infertility is also a rule.
Male infertility is also possible.
Male infertility is an under recognized but hugely important cause of couple infertility.
Male infertility is just as prevalent as female infertility.
Male infertility is often the result of an underlying and usually treatable condition.
Male infertility is pretty much a thing of the past due to modern technology.
Male infertility is quite different from impotence.
Male infertility is the inability to initiate a pregnancy due to a problem with the male partner.
Male infertility is, however, an increasing problem.
Male inmates face rape and sexual abuse too, but it is more often from fellow inmates.
Male inmates reside in correctional institutions throughout Pennsylvania.
Male insects have it the worst.
Some male insects carry around the female s eggs on their backs until they hatch.
Some male insects give the female presents.
Some male insects offer females that they are courting a food gift from their own body.
Male insecurities plague the two men in their quest for love.
Male instructors give less feedback to students, mostly after correct or part-correct answers.
Male issues tend to be more likely to involve the police, or violence.
Male jealousy can lead to wife beating.
Male kangaroos eat leaves.
Most male kangaroos eat leaves.
Male katydids can control the loudness of their music.
Male katydids can even control the loudness of their music.
Male katydids have a diverse range of frequencies while females are usually mute.
Male katydids make noise by rubbing their wings together to attract a mate.
Male katydids rub their wings together to make sounds and call to females.
Some male katydids make noise.
Male kestrels are more colorful than females.
Male kestrels have a rufous back and tail, and a pronounced black moustache.
Male killer whales grow to feet.
Male kittens are generally larger than their female littermates.
Male koalas have calls.
Male koalas have glands.
Male koalas have scent glands.
Male koalas mark their territory by rubbing their chests on a tree.
Male koalas weigh about twenty-four pounds and are two and a half feet tall.
Most male koalas have calls.
Most male koalas have glands.
Most male koalas have scent glands.
Some male koalas have bare patches.
Some male koalas have patches.
Some male koalas have penises.
Male kudus have horns.
Male kudus live much shorter lives than females.
Most male kudus have horns.
Male lab mice have diets.
Male lampreys have gill slits.
Male lampreys have slits.
Most male lampreys have gill slits.
Most male lampreys have slits.
Some male lampreys have fins.
Many male lawyers are loath even to take family leave for fear of hurting their careers.
Male leader have more women around as wives, concubines, mistresses or secretaries.
Male leader is called the alpha male.
Male leaders have a responsibility to encourage and respect women leaders.
Male leaders tend to be best when the roles are defined in masculine terms.
Some male leaders are honest about the prevalence of the practice.
Male lemurs have scent glands on their wrists.
Male leopard geckos reach maturity.
Male leopard geckos reach sexual maturity.
Male leopards are usually solitary except when breeding.
Male leopards kill hyenas.
Male leopards mark territory.
Most male leopards kill hyenas.
Most male leopards mark territory.
Male Librarians Tell Their Side.
Male lives are very nearly as important, biologically, as female ones.
Male ligers are sterile, but female ligers are often fertile.
Male ligers are, after all, sterile even when their female counterparts are usually fertile.
Male ligers have a fifty percent chance of growing a mane.
Male lion has eye removed in unique operation.
Male lions are another story.
Male lions are easy to recognize thanks to their distinctive manes.
Male lions are generally larger than females and have a distinctive mane of hair around their heads.
Male lions are the only cats with manes.
Male lions are the only members of the cat family that have manes.
Male lions become very violent when they grow older.
Male lions create coalitions and search for prides to take over.
Male lions engage in mounting with other male lions, especially when in search for another pride.
Male lions fight each other to prove their strength, strength to pass on to offspring.
Male lions grow a mane.
Male lions have a brown mane, which tends to grow darker and fuller as the animal ages.
Male lions have big, bushy manes around their faces like the one in the picture above.
Male lions live for years.
Male lions protect territory.
Male lions protect their pride from intruders.
Male lions spend their time guarding their territory and their cubs.
Male lions start breeding at around the age of five.
Male lions survive to adulthood.
Male lions use their muscles and fighting skills to guard the land and keep enemies away.
Most male lions live for years.
Most male lions protect territory.
Most male lions survive to adulthood.
Some male lions reach maturity.
Some male lions reach sexual maturity.
Male listeners tend to listen to more titles per year, but there are more female listeners in total.
Male literacy has little influence.
Male lizards bob heads.
Male lizards display a series of push-ups in rapid succession.
Male lizards wrestle together to gain access to females.
Some male lizards expose brightly colored body parts, and the nocturnal geckos give mating calls.
Some male lizards have heads.
Some male lizards use methods.
Male llamas have fighting teeth that are sharp and curved.
Many male llamas like to get on a mound of dirt, a high rock, or stand on low fence boards.
Some male llamas defend positions.
Male longevity exceeds that of hermaphrodites.
Male malamutes can be very dominant.
Male mallards are silent except when fighting another male.
Male mallards have heads.
Male mallards have no involvement in caring for their offspring.
Male mallards molt earlier than females but all occur in late spring early summer.
Most male mallards have grayish or brownish feathers , a green colored head, and a purple breast.
Most male mallards have heads.
Some male mallards have chests.
Some male mallards have dark brown chests.
Some male mallards have involvement.
Male mammals are only monogamous under a limited number of conditions.
Male mammals can compete for harems as well with elephant seals competing fiercely for harems.
Male mammals have a tube-like organ called the 'penis'.
Male mammals have backs.
Male mammals have it easy.
All male mammals have a prostate, but only humans and dogs are known to develop prostate cancer.
Most male mammals are usually either absent or unhelpful when females are giving birth.
Most male mammals have backs.
Most male mammals have rudimentary mammary structures.
Some male mammals have horns.
Some male mammals have reproductive tracts.
Some male mammals have tracts.
Male manakins make a variety of non-vocal sounds as part of their display.
Male manatees assume no responsibility for raising the calf.
Male mandarin ducks have appearances.
Some male mandarins have fins.
Male mandrills are considered the most colorful of all mammals.
Male mandrills do exist, but mandrill society is female-dominated.
Male mandrills have color.
Male mandrills have snouts.
Male mandrills have teeth.
Male mandrills live a solitary life and enter a group only when the females are ready for mating.
Male mandrills protect the harem from predators and intruders.
Male mandrills search for food.
Male mandrills shake heads.
Male mandrills shake their heads and shoulders to exhibit playfulness.
Most male mandrills have color.
Most male mandrills have snouts.
Most male mandrills have teeth.
Most male mandrills search for food.
Most male mandrills shake heads.
Male mantids fly at night, as they seem to be attracted to artificial lights.
Male marmosets carry babies.
Most male marmosets carry babies.
Male martens are larger than females.
Male martens are most active in the dusk and evening.
Male masks are distinguishable from the female bifwebe by a long upright crest.
Male masqueraders roam the streets, and it is believed to be fatal for a woman to see one.
Male masturbation is the most common sexual act in the human species.
Male mate behavior has characteristics.
Male mate behavior has key characteristics.
Some male mates have years.
Male mealybugs are tiny, gnatlike insects with two wings and long tails of white wax.
Male mealybugs go through five instars and feed only in the first two instars.
Male members are also particularly vulnerable to charges of sexual assault or sexual exploitation.
Male members are members.
Male members pray with their heads uncovered.
Male members refer to their shaven haircuts as buzz cuts.
Male members work in different professions, and the role of women has changed.
Most male members take turns to speak each week .
Most male members take turns to speak each week.
Male menopause can be an emotional tollgate.
Male menopause can seriously affect quality of life.
Male menopause happens when testosterone level drops.
Male menopause is a lot more fun than female menopause.
Male menopause is an unknown passage.
Male menopause is discussed.
Male menopause is more than having problems with sexuality, it affects the whole man.
Male mentors are the unacknowledged fathers of the new woman.
Male migration can be substantial.
Male migration is another problem for women in many parts of the region.
Male millipedes begin the mating process by moving alongside the female's body.
Male minions have deep-seated shame stemming from childhood masturbation.
Some male minks avoid contact.
Some male minks feed diets.
Some male minks feed experimental diets.
Male minors are the heaviest drinkers.
Male mites are considerably smaller and are pale to lightly tanned.
Male mites are smaller than females and remain white and soft bodied throughout their brief lives.
Male mites die soon after mating.
Male mites die within the brood cells.
Male mockingbirds are among the world's most accomplished vocal copyists.
Male moles are slightly larger than females.
Some male monarchs have pouches.
Male monks shave their heads, except for a central patch called a sikha .
Male monkeys go bald just like male humans do.
Male monkeys go bald just like men do.
Male monkeys have calls.
Male monkeys make noise.
Male monkeys reach maturity.
Male monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Male monkeys use noses.
Male monkeys weigh kgs.
Most male monkeys have calls.
Most male monkeys make noise.
Most male monkeys reach maturity.
Most male monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Most male monkeys use noses.
Most male monkeys weigh kgs.
Some male monkeys have throats.
Some male monkeys play roles.
Male moorhens are the prime incubator, but both sexes participate in incubation.
Male moose are called bulls, female moose are cows and young moose are known as calves.
Male moose are more than willing to fight over a female moose, a battle sometimes to the death.
Male moose grow antlers that are approximately five feet wide.
Male moose have a much larger bell than females.
Male moose have enormous, broad, flattened antlers with marginal prongs, or tines.
Male moose have large antlers .
Male moose have large antlers.
Male morphology is inherited, i.e., red morphs come from red morph parents.
Male mortality exceeds female mortality.
Male mosquitoes are attracted to the note produced by the wing vibration of the female.
Male mosquitoes drink only sugary fluids such as flower nectar.
Male mosquitoes emerge from pupas.
Male mosquitoes feed on blood.
Male mosquitoes feed on nectar.
Male mosquitoes feed on plant nectar.
Male mosquitoes mate with females one to two days after the females emerge.
Male mosquitoes survive only on plant juices.
Male mosquitoes survive primarily on flower nectar.
Male mosquitoes swarm when it is time to mate.
Most male mosquitoes emerge from pupas.
Most male mosquitoes feed on blood.
Most male mosquitoes feed on nectar.
Most male mosquitoes feed on plant nectar.
Most male mosquitos are vegetarians.
Some male mosquitoes feed nectar.
Some male mosquitoes feed on sources.
Some male mosquitoes feed plant juice.
Male mosses produce pollen.
Male moth has the white hairs on the tip of the abdomen.
Male moths are able to regulate the sex of their offspring.
Male moths are black in coloration but their wings are clear.
Male moths are excellent flyers.
Male moths are inactive during the passage of a low pressure storm front.
Male moths are mostly brown and do fly.
Male moths are much darker than females, and the summer brood is darker than the spring brood.
Male moths are slightly smaller than females and lack the orange band on the abdomen.
Male moths are smaller and darker and have olive-brown wing markings.
Male moths are smaller and darker with wings marked in olive brown.
Male moths are smaller, and have a flap of skin at the rear.
Male moths are smaller, brown, and fly in a characteristic zigzag pattern.
Male moths are strong fliers, smaller, and dark brown with feather-like antennae.
Male moths are typically lighter in color than females.
Male moths die outside the bag after copulation.
Male moths emerge first and fly in a zigzag pattern during daylight hours.
Male moths fly about in a manner similar to wasps.
Male moths fly readily in response to sex pheromone released by the females.
Male moths have antennas.
Male moths have conspicuous, feather-like antennae.
Male moths have feathery antennae and are strongly attracted to the unmated females.
Male moths have feathery antennas.
Male moths have larger antennae than females.
Male moths have more have more feathery feelers than female moths.
Male moths have shape antennas.
Male moths have yellow scent brushes along the abdomen and large black brushes at the rear.
Male moths use their fluffy antennae to catch the scent of females on the night air.
Most male moths have antennas.
Most male moths have feathery antennas.
Most male moths have shape antennas.
Some male moths secrete pheromone.
Male mountain gorillas reach maturity.
Male mice are amazing creatures when it comes to fatherhood.
Male mice become imprinted with the odor of littermates during the first three weeks of life.
Male mice emit pheromones that can promote the sexual development of nearby females.
Male mice have diets.
Male mice show their natural territorial behaviour also in captivity.
Most male mice have diets.
Male muntjacs fight with their antlers and can cause serious injuries to each other.
Male mustelids are about one-fourth larger than females.
All male names are in the upper position of each pair.
Male narwhals are easy to identify because of their long, ivory tusks.
Male narwhals attain maturity.
Male narwhals attain sexual maturity.
Male narwhals have straight teeth.
Male narwhals have teeth.
Male narwhals possess a great spiraled tooth that projects from their heads.
Male narwhals possess spiral teeth.
Male narwhals possess teeth.
Most male narwhals attain maturity.
Most male narwhals attain sexual maturity.
Most male narwhals have straight teeth.
Most male narwhals have teeth.
Most male narwhals possess spiral teeth.
Most male narwhals possess teeth.
Some male narwhals have long tusks.
Some male narwhals have single tusks.
Some male narwhals have tusks.
Some male narwhals reach maturity.
Many male natives seem able to generate a dispute out of thin air.
Some male nematodes have testes.
Male nipples are inevitably a huge erogenous zone.
Male nipples have functions.
Male nipples have important functions.
Male nipples have several important functions.
Most male nipples have functions.
Most male nipples have important functions.
Most male nipples have several important functions.
Many male nominees have a background almost entirely in corporate law.
Male novelists can sometimes get it right.
Male nuclei move into female gametangium through special tube.
Male nyala are far larger than females with distinctly dimorphic color.
Male nymphs are elongate and their armor is oblong with the pale ring toward one end.
Male nymphs are narrower and often occur in a loose cocoon.
Some male nymph has beginnings.
Male ocelots are bigger in size than the females.
Male ocelots are larger than the females and they measure about one meter in length.
Every male octopus has a hectocotylus, an arm that contains sperm necessary to fertilize eggs.
Male offenders are also more likely to be child victims of violence.
Male offenders have many of the same issues, but have higher rates of substance abuse than girls.
Most male offenders have limited education and poor employment skills.
Male officers are to be handed new tighter trousers to go with their T-shirts.
Male officers tend to be particularly leery when alone with a female.
A male offspring is a child
A male offspring is a male
Male offspring die too.
Male offspring remain with mothers.
Male offspring stay with their mothers.
Most male offspring remain with mothers.
Male okapis have skin.
Male okapis live for years.
Male onagers are usually larger than females.
Male ones have dry or hard woody coverings.
Male opinions differ from females only slightly.
Male opossums are called jacks, females are called jills.
Male opossums are non-territorial.
Male opossums have glands.
Male opossums have scent glands.
Male opossums possess glands.
Male opossums possess scent glands.
Most male opossums have glands.
Most male opossums have scent glands.
Most male opossums possess glands.
Most male opossums possess scent glands.
Male oppression is enforced by society as a whole.
Male orangutans are intolerant of one another.
Male orangutans are less aggressive to each other since they have adapted to living in captivity.
Male orangutans are usually aggressive towards each other and fight over females.
Male orangutans establish ranges.
Male orangutans have canine teeth.
Male orangutans have development.
Male orangutans have physical development.
Male orangutans have teeth.
Male orangutans play almost no role in raising the young.
Male orangutans possess cheek pads.
Male orangutans possess pads.
Male orangutans reach adulthood.
Most male orangutans establish ranges.
Most male orangutans have development.
Most male orangutans have physical development.
Most male orangutans have teeth.
Most male orangutans possess cheek pads.
Most male orangutans possess pads.
Most male orangutans reach adulthood.
Some male orangutans leave mothers.
Some male orangutans reach height.
Some male orangutans steal food.
Male orcas have large dorsal fins.
Male orcas reach maturity.
Male orcas reach sexual maturity.
Most male orcas reach maturity.
Most male orcas reach sexual maturity.
Male orchid bees pollinate brazil nut tree flowers.
Male orchid bees pollinate orchids.
Male orchid bees visit flowers.
Male organ is the vital part of sex play, which is one of renewable pleasures to mankind.
Male organs perform functions.
Most male organs perform functions.
Male orgasms exist, it's widely believed, to encourage men to spread their seed.
Male ostriches are black feathered whereas females are light brown.
Male ostriches are black with white tips on the wings and tail.
Male ostriches are called cocks and females are hens.
Male ostriches are called cocks or roosters, and females are called hens.
Male ostriches are polygamous and can mate with more than one female.
Male ostriches are protective of females, and more so when mating.
Male ostriches can roar like a lion.
Male ostriches compete with one another for control of a group of several females.
Male ostriches have black feathers and female ostriches have gray and brown feathers .
Male ostriches have black feathers and female ostriches have gray and brown feathers.
Male ostriches have black feathers.
Male ostriches have feathers.
Most male ostriches have black feathers.
Most male ostriches have feathers.
Male otters are larger than females.
Male overseers direct the work.
Male owls bring meals.
Male owls do have testes, though.
Male owls have ability.
Most male owls bring meals.
Most male owls have ability.
Some male owls raise tails.
Male pain is the only pain which actually brings laughter and applause.
Male pairs are common in bottlenose dolphins.
Male panther chameleons establish territory.
Male panthers can measure as much as seven feet from nose to tail.
Male parakeets have blue ceres and females have brown.
Male parakeets have light to dark blue cere, which is almost like a colored nose.
Male parr can mature and fertilize eggs.
Male parrots produce sperm inside of their cloaca.
Male parrotfish are more brightly colored than females.
Male parts are available for sign out at the circulation desk of the lab.
Male participants compete in evening gown, sportswear, and talent in drag.
Male partners are welcome and encouraged to accompany students during testing and counseling.
Male partners are welcome and encouraged to participate in counseling.
Male partners offer food.
Male partners strive reach a similar level.
Most male partners offer food.
Some male partners have abnormalities.
Some male partners insert penises.
Male patients are more likely to experience disability than female patients.
Male patients experience premature ejaculation with a preference for oral sexuality.
Male patients prefer male interpreters and providers.
Most male patients have mild mental retardation.
Some male patients experience enlargements.
Some male patients experience tumors in the scrotal sacs.
Male pattern is the gradual loss of hair above the forehead.
Male peacocks display their tails, which are extremely brightly colored.
Male peacocks gather in groups to display to females to entice females to mate.
Male peacocks have an exotic spotted tail to display.
Male peacocks have feathers.
Male peacocks have tail feathers.
Male peacocks use colorful feathers.
Male peacocks use feathers.
Most male peacocks have feathers.
Most male peacocks have tail feathers.
Most male peacocks use colorful feathers.
Most male peacocks use feathers.
Male pelage is basically grayish-brown in color, with the ventrum colored like the back or darker.
Male pelicans gather materials for the nest and the female builds it.
Male penguins can perform the ecstatic display in a sitting or standing position.
Male penguins incubate their eggs on the feet, under a flap of skin.
Male perch guard their nests and the embryos for several days.
Male perch reach sexual maturity at about three years of age, females at four.
Male peregrines bring courtship presents of food to the female.
Male personnel remove their headdress indoors.
Male pheasant are highly colored, with a white neck ring and long tail.
Male pheromone acts as sexual stimulants.
Male pheromone acts as stimulants.
Male pheromones help regulate menstrual cycles, increase fertility, and ignite the sex drive.
Most male pheromone acts as sexual stimulants.
Most male pheromone acts as stimulants.
Male physicians are available upon request.
Many male physicians are just as communicative and personable as female physicians.
Male pig is called a boar.
Male pigs are castrated using a disinfected surgical knife.
Male pigs are slightly larger than females and are generally more active.
Male pigs become increasingly solitary with age, and adult boars usually live alone.
Male pigs reach maturity.
Male pigs reach puberty.
Male pigs reach sexual maturity.
Most male pigs reach maturity.
Most male pigs reach puberty.
Most male pigs reach sexual maturity.
Male pigeons are more aggressive and strut.
Male pigeons are much more aggressive then female pigeons.
Male pigeons build shallow, saucer-like nests made of sticks and twigs.
Male pikas begin haying first, followed by females and eventually juveniles.
Male pintails are slender white-breasted ducks with slim necks and.
Male plant produces antheridiophore.
Male plants are distinguished by their long flower stalks bearing many flowers.
Male plants are long and open, their flowers have stamens.
Male plants are preferred as ornamentals.
Male plants are ready to harvest for fiber when the leaves change from dark green to light brown.
Male plants bear cones that are about two feet long and five inches in diameter.
Male plants begin shedding leaves shortly after flowering, shied their pollen and die.
Male plants give much higher yields, are less susceptible to disease, and are longer lived.
Male plants have best flowers.
Male plants have larger catkins than the females.
Male plants have no commercial value, but are used to pollinate females.
Male plants lack papillae but are generally rare.
Male plants produce a larger number of spears, earlier in spring, but they often are thin.
Male plants produce egg-shaped cones that are usually yellow to brown in color.
Male plants produce more spears but female plants produce larger ones.
Male plants produce no berries.
Male plants produce pinkish flowers in spring.
Male plants yield more asparagus with no seeds produced while in the fern stage of growth.
Male platypus are able to produce and deliver venom through a horny spur on the back of the ankle.
Male platypuses carry a toxin strong enough to kill a dog and incapacitate an adult man.
Male platypuses have a sharp spur attached to each ankle.
Male platypuses have defense.
Male platypuses have hind legs.
Male platypuses have legs.
Male platypuses have spines.
Male platypuses produce venom as a defense.
Most male platypuses have defense.
Most male platypuses have legs.
Most male platypuses have spines.
Some male platypuses possess spurs.
Male players wear a round neck shirt with loincloth on a shoulder.
Male plumage tends to be lighter than females.
Male plumes appear narrow and thin because of the absence of hair on the flowers.
Male polar bears reach maturity.
Male polar bears reach sexual maturity.
Male polecats exclude other males from their territory, and females ferrets exclude females.
Male politicians tend to be short men with thin skins.
Male politicians think industry and business are important.
Male polyps are significantly smaller than females, and the smallest polyps are infertile.
Male porcupines search for females by sniffing around trees and rocks.
Male potency is dependent on adequate nutrition, which plays a major role in determining virility.
Male power lies in authority and brute force.
Male practitioners are welcome to the kutis when available.
Male predators abound here, too, at times even masquerading as women.
Male predominance is noted in later ages.
Male predominance is reported.
Male pregnancy is a popular theme within slash fiction as well.
Male pregnancy resemble nothing close to natural.
Male primates produce sperm continuously after puberty.
Some male primates kill infant primates.
Some male primates kill primates.
Male principle has the form and potential, female has the energy.
Male problems affect all.
Most male problems affect the female.
Male proboscis monkeys use noses.
Some male professors seem to enjoy intimidating the female members of the academic community.
Male promiscuity is increased in transgenic plants.
Some male pronghorns have glands.
Male prostitutes are available in most towns.
Male prostitutes have to worry as much about gay-bashers as they do the police.
Male prostitutes ply the trade both as transvestites and ordinary-looking males.
Male puffins have the same mate for many years or for life.
Male pumpkinseeds are vigorous and aggressive, and defend their nests by spreading their opercula.
Male pups are usually larger than female pups.
Male pups have companionship.
Male pups mature later than female pups.
Male pups spend more time involved in play than female pups, while females are more likely to rest.
Male pups suckle significantly longer per bout than females.
Male pups tend to be larger than females.
Most male pups have companionship.
Some male pups leave dens.
Male pupae are slender and female pupae are fatter.
Male pupae are usually smaller than female pupae.
Male pupae wiggle part way out of the bag through the lower opening.
Some male pupas have mandibles.
Some male pupas have sterna.
Male pygmy hippopotamus influence offspring sex ratio.
Male rabbits are more prone to the development of stones, due to their long urethra.
Male rabbits are very territorial.
Male rabbits can retract the testicles into the abdomen, making sex determination difficult.
Male rabbits have hairless sacs.
Male rabbits have sacs.
Male rabbits have tendencies.
Male rabbits make better pets if they've been neutered.
Most male rabbits have hairless sacs.
Most male rabbits have sacs.
Most male rabbits have tendencies.
Some male rabbits get cancer.
Male raccoons are generally larger than the females.
Male raccoons are known to be much bigger in size compared to their female counterparts.
Male raccoons weigh pounds.
Most male raccoons weigh pounds.
Male rain is a storm.
Male ranges are usually larger, one male nay overlap the ranges of several females.
Male rank has little effect which individuals females choose to mate with.
Male ranks are open to challenge and change frequently.
Male rape can cause severe disability or disorder.
Male rape is far more common than most people imagine.
Male rape reports on the increase in south-eastern Australia.
Most male rapes happen in the prison setting.
Most male rapes take place in prison, jails, and reformatories.
Most male rapists are either heterosexual or suffer great confusion about their sexual identity.
Male rats are called bucks, females are does, and babies are pups.
Male rats are larger than the female rat.
Male rats are very reluctant to accept newcomers, with one exception.
Male rats eat diets.
Male rats eat fat diets.
Male rats eat high fat diets.
Male rats get bigger and heavier than females do and tend to make better lap pets.
Male rats have glands.
Male rats have thymus glands.
Male rats leave female rats after mating.
Male rats reach full physical maturity.
Male rats reach sexual maturity at three months, females at four months.
Male rats tend to laze about and cuddle up, while females are more active.
Male rats tend to mount other rats more than do female rats.
Most male rats eat diets.
Most male rats eat fat diets.
Most male rats eat high fat diets.
Most male rats have glands.
Most male rats have thymus glands.
Most male rats reach full physical maturity.
Some male rats cause injuries.
Some male rats have diabetes.
Male rates are always remarkably higher than female rates.
Male rates are higher than female rates.
Male rates remain much higher than female rates.
Male rattlesnakes fight each other before mating with females.
Male ravens are larger than females.
Male readership is on the rise and is the dominant readership on the Internet.
Male red foxes have organs.
Male red foxes have specific organs.
Male redstarts can be polygynous and polyterritorial.
Male reindeer are usually bigger and heavier than the females .
Male reindeer are usually bigger and heavier than the females.
Male reindeer are usually solitary, while females tend to group themselves into herds.
Male relatives carry more clout in family firms .
Male reptiles release their sperm inside a female.
Most male reptiles are larger than the female of the species e.g. red-eared terrapins.
Male researchers are stumped.
Most male residents wear a shirt, tie and slacks.
Male respondents indicate a heavier usage of government documents than females do.
Male respondents tend to attribute more of the blame to the victim.
Male responsibilities extend beyond their sexuality.
Male responsibility is part of our New Hope genetic code.
Male responsibility is taken for granted, minimized or even excused.
Male riders have higher riding rates and accident rates than female riders.
Male riflebirds appear to keep to a territory, but females tend to wander.
Male ringtails have scent glands on their wrists and shoulders.
Male roadrunner brings female all the necessary materials for building nests.
Male robins are more brightly colored than females.
Male robins are noted for their highly aggressive territorial behaviour.
Male robins are well known for dive-bombing people and predators within ten feet of a nest.
Male robins arrive anywhere from a few days to several weeks before females.
Male robins arrive on the breeding grounds one or two weeks before the females return.
Male robins continue singing, declaring what has become a joint future breeding territory.
Male rodents have a bone called the baculum, or penis bone.
Male rodents have bones.
Most male rodents have bones.
Male roles are either civil or military.
Male roles are far more extensive and more exciting.
Male roles dominate action adventure shows while women's roles are in comedies or family dramas.
Male royalties are free to marry a commoner.
Male salamanders produce balls of sperm and other substances, called spermatophores.
Male salmon fertilize the eggs with milt.
Male scale insects have wings.
Male scales appear in early summer and mate with the females.
Male scales are elongate, tiny and chalky white in color with the exuviae at one end.
Male scales are more mobile and can be winged or wingless.
Male scales are winged, although they have only one pair of wings.
Male scales feed for a short period of time and develop into tiny winged adults.
Male scales go through two additional molts and pupate underneath the wax.
Male scales resemble the female but are very rare.
Male scarlet tanagers establish territory.
Male scholarships are still available to attend the workshops.
Male scorcher fits it.
Male sculpins remain at their nest after breeding.
Male sculpins remain with the nest to protect the eggs and young.
Male seahorses give birth.
Male seahorses invest substantial amounts of energy into the developing offspring.
Male seahorses protect and nourish their developing offspring inside their bodies.
Male seals are generally much larger than the females.
Male seals fight with each other to win breeding rights with female seals.
Some male seals kill the young seals and some are just curious and get tangled in fishermen's nets.
Male semen carries the sperm cells that determine the sex of the fetus.
Male semen is the most efficient transmission fluid.
Male seniors walk through the giant ring with their mothers.
Male sensitizers tend to believe in chance control and control by powerful others.
Male servals are extremely territorial.
Male sexuality is a fragile thing.
Male sharks are as reproductively complex as the females.
Male sharks have claspers that are inserted into the female for fertilization.
Male sharks have claspers.
Male sheep are called 'rams'.
Male sheep are called rams.
Male sheep are either rams or wethers.
Male sheep fight for dominance in their group.
Some male sheep fight for dominance.
Male shells are smaller, narrow, white, more abundant than the females.
Male shovelers are very attractive birds.
Male shovelers have green heads, a white body, rusty-red undersides and black wings.
Male shrimp possess an enlarged second antenna used to clasp the female during mating.
Male sika deer rub antlers.
Male Silvers have a reputation of being aggressive towards their keepers and hens.
Male singers are especially welcome.
Male singers continue to adjust to their adolescent vocal transitions as they move to the bass clef.
Male singers sing soprano.
Male size affects the magnitude of nuptial gift contribution.
Male skin is more prone to reddening and oilier than female skin.
Male skunks reach maturity.
Male skunks reach sexual maturity.
Male skunks travel more than females.
Most male skunks reach maturity.
Most male skunks reach sexual maturity.
Male sliders grow long claws on their front legs.
Male sloths are solitary, shy animals.
Male sloths have a bright yellow or orange patch on the back.
Male smokers are at higher risk of developing cancer of the penis.
Male smokers are at least two times more likely to be completely impotent than non-smokers.
Male smokers have a higher incidence of impotence due to vascular problems in the pelvic area.
Male smokers have fewer healthy shaped sperm than non-smokers.
Male smokers suffer decreased sperm count and have a more difficult time maintaining erections.
Male smokers tend to be loners, females tend to gather in social groups.
Male snails have higher levels of free testosterone than do females.
All male snakes have a pair of penises.
Many male snakes rely on scent to find females, with fertilization being internal.
Male societies are enthusiastic nest-builders and love to display their prowess.
Male solos range from capably performed to mildly disappointing.
Male song is unusually loud.
Male songs have to do with territory, breeding, warding off invaders, and feeding.
Male sources outnumber female sources three to one.
Male southpaws outnumber female southpaws by a two to one ratio.
Male sparrows attract a mate simply by singing a mating call, and waiting for a female to fly by.
Male sparrows have darker stripes on the head and brighter yellow blotches.
Male species tend to have slightly enlarged nasal structures and eyes.
Male specimens have a complicated arrangement of plates on the ventral side of the abdomen.
Male specimens initiate reproduction by churning out tiny webs.
Some male specimens produce antheridiums.
Male sperm whales attain full size.
Male sperm whales attain size.
Male sperm whales grow to feet.
Male sperm are generally faster swimmers than female sperm.
Male sperm is stored within the female for use throughout the entire breeding season.
Male spermatogenesises occur in seminiferous tubules.
Male spermatogenesises occur in tubules.
Most male spermatogenesises occur in seminiferous tubules.
Most male spermatogenesises occur in tubules.
Male spiders are often smaller than the female spiders.
Male spiders are sometimes much smaller than the females.
Male spiders are usually smaller than female spiders.
Male spiders employ pedipalps like syringes.
Male spiders have no external sex organs.
Male spiders have two palpi in front of the first pair of legs.
Male spiders seek out a female when they are ready to mate.
Male spiders use modified appendages called pedipalps to mate with females.
Male spiders use their front appendages to transmit sperm to the female, who later lays eggs.
Male squid have smaller sacks.
Male stars have to cum on demand and be able to fuck for hours.
Male sterile plants produce seeds.
Male sterilisation is called vasectomy.
Male sterility is a major issue to ponder.
Male sterility is inherited.
Male sterility occurs in plants where pollen or anthers fail to function properly.
Male sterilization is called vasectomy.
Male sticklebacks are proud house husbands.
Male sticklebacks are very dedicated when it comes to bringing the next generation into the world.
Male sticklebacks build elaborate, golf ball-sized nests.
Male sticklebacks produce a special enzyme in their kidneys that they use to bind plants together.
Male stinkpots mature at four to seven years of age and females at nine to eleven.
Male storks arrive at the nesting site first and establish themselves on a territory.
Male strength is measured in terms of the ability to be independent and in control.
Male strip shows some evenings.
Male strippers suck.
Male structure has a specific place for women and that is a place of control and isolation.
Male students are a minority.
Male students are also three times more likely to be enrolled in special education programs.
Male students are also welcome to participate in many of our programs.
Male students are more aggressive and more confident.
Male students are now, and have always been given the most attention in the academic setting.
Male students are somehow exempt.
Male students can wear khaki colored pants or shorts .
Male students control classroom conversation . . .
Male students control classroom conversation.
Male students drank more often during a week than did female students.
Male students drink alcohol to find a date and to have sex.
Male students feel disenfranchised.
Male students have fewer rules and regulations.
Male students have football, wrestling, basketball, track and golf as athletic activities.
Male students have the second highest prevalence of alcohol dependence.
Male students interrupt and control more than their fair share of classroom time.
Male students live in tents first three winters.
Male students live on campus for the first time.
Male students live on the first and second floors, females live on the third and fourth floors.
Male students occupy the first floor, and females occupy the second and third floors.
Male students report higher rates of binge drinking than do female students at all grade levels.
Male students tend to get more feedback about their performance than female students do.
Male students tend to give priority to competitive compensation.
Male students tend to see the computer as a toy rather than a tool.
Male students welcome.
Many male students feel disenfranchised.
Some male students treat women students differently from other male students.
Some male students use cigars.
Male sturgeon spawn every other year.
Male subjects are behind the property trying to break down the fence.
Male subjects have skinfolds measured at the abdomen, chest and thigh.
Male supremacy is the oldest, most basic form of domination.
Male survival is more variable due to hunting and male-male competition.
Male survival is slightly higher during the hunting season.
Male survivors can submit shirts for display, too.
Male suspects are able to leer at female suspects confined in separate cells.
Male swimmerets are single and paddle-like.
Male swine are either boars or barrows.
Most male symptoms are transient.
Male system uses neg.
Male systems overlap female systems.
Male tail is more stout.
Male Taipans can grow significantly larger than females and ritual male combat occurs in spring.
Male takins lead the herds.
Male tamarins perform most of the child caring to their young.
Male tamarins play an extensive role in caring for the young by the father.
Male tapirs are slightly smaller than females.
Male tarantulas are longer and slimmer than females and have much smaller abdomens than females.
Male tarantulas are sexually mature after their final molt.
Male tarantulas have abdomens.
Male tarantulas leave the female's territory soon after mating to avoid being killed or eaten.
Most male tarantulas have abdomens.
Male teachers are in short supply.
Male teachers team with male students, and females with females, to help conversation flow freely.
Male teachers use distinctly old-fashioned methods to teach their mostly poor, black, male students.
Some male teachers feel that it isn t possible to reach girls so it isn t necessary to try.
Male teens are more likely to read comic books and wrestling and video game publications.
Male teenagers are prone to the natural urge to have the hottest stuff.
Male territoriality breaks down in spring, with dominant males ranging widely searching for mates.
Male territories are generally of high relative elevation and topographic distinctness.
Male territories are larger and can overlap several female territories.
Male territories are larger and overlap several female territories.
Male territories occur primarily in wooded areas.
Male testing is free and is usually accurate.
Male tiger likes to puddle, or take up rich salts in mud or wet sand.
Male tigers are bigger than female tigers.
Male tigers have longer and heavier whiskers than females.
Male tigers have territories which they fiercely defend against other males.
Male tigers stay with a female for only a short time after their cubs are born.
Male toads can reach maturity at least one year before females can.
Male toads croak to indicate their readiness to mate.
Male toads outnumber female toads at breeding ponds .
Male toads outnumber female toads at breeding ponds.
Male toads settle in a shallow pool of water in a slow current and call for a female.
Male teeth have a bilobate root with a high cusp.
Male tortoises defend territory.
Male tortoises exhibit behavior.
Male tortoises face a different dilemma.
Male tortoises have a long tail and females have a short fat tail.
Male tortoises have tails.
Male tortoises tend to have a longer, protruding neck plate than their female relatives.
Most male tortoises defend territory.
Most male tortoises have tails.
Some male tortoises have home range size.
Some male tortoises have size.
Male toucans use their bills to attract mates for breeding season.
Male traits are an indicator of viability.
Male transsexuals identify with the female sex, and female transsexuals with the male sex.
Male trees are better to plant because the female trees produce messy and foul-smelling fruits.
Male trees are fruitless and preferred in the landscape.
Male trees are preferred, because of the disagreeable fruits of the female.
Male trees are the preferred ornamentals.
Male trees have flowers, but no berries.
Male trees have no fruit, if none is desired.
Male trees produce no fruit, and the flowers are shed after pollen is shed.
Male trees produce pollen cones and sporophylls, with pollen sacs.
Male trees produce smelly fruit.
Male trees tend to have yellower foliage, and appear even yellower when they are laden with pollen.
Most male trees produce smelly fruit.
Some male trees produce seeds.
Male tuatara show an annual, pre-nuptial reproductive cycle.
Male tuataras enter territory.
Most male tuataras enter territory.
Some male tuataras become fathers.
Some male tuataras have holes.
Male turkeys are also more colorful than the females, like most birds.
Male turkeys are now too large and broad breasted to mate naturally.
Male turkeys are the only turkeys that gobble.
Male turkeys have a long, dark, fan-shaped tail and glossy bronze wings.
Male turkeys play no role in nesting or rearing of the young.
Male turkeys take turns with their mates in nesting and raising their young.
All male turkeys trapped are leg-banded.
Male turtles have noticeably longer fingernails that the females.
Male turtles have shorter tails than female ones.
Male turtles tend to be larger than females, with enlarged claws, concave plastrons, and red eyes.
Male tusks are heavier and thicker than female tusks.
Male tuskers are the main quarry of poachers.
Male urine is an excellent predator smell.
Male urine is considered sterile, since men are much less likely to have a urinary tract infection.
Male users are slightly better represented than female users across most groups.
Male users dominate internet usage in Britain.
Male varieties are mixed with the seed of gynoecious varieties to provide a source of pollen.
Male varieties are much preferred over the females, which set seed that smells like sewage.
Male vegans tend to be lighter than the average weight recommended for their height.
Male vegetarians have stores that are comparable to female omnivores.
Male venom is sometimes more toxic than female venom.
Male victims are just more reluctant to disclose the fact that they are being abused than women.
Male victims experience a number of physical symptoms similar to females.
Male victims have similar reactions and symptoms after the assault as female victims.
Male victims outnumber female victims four to one.
Male victims represent five percent of reported sexual assaults.
Many male victims experience difficulties in intimate relationships as a result of being abused.
Male vines are essential for pollination and crop production.
Male vines are pruned differently from female vines.
Male vines have little or no ovary and the stamens are upright.
Male violence is much more prevalent and, in terms of raw numbers, increasing much more.
Male violence is the norm.
Male visitors are welcome during weekends.
Male vocalists do very well too for the same reasons.
Male voices transform into children s' voices, thus effecting a radiance.
All male voices sing music of all styles.
Male voles occupy areas.
Most male voles occupy areas.
Male volunteers turn out in memory of loved ones lost to cancer.
Male volunteers wear navy blue vests.
Male vowels are unmarked.
Male voyeur are free japenese lolita pictures.
Male walleyes mature in two to four years and females mature in three to five years.
Male walrus tend to grow faster and larger than females.
Male walruses emit sound.
Male walruses establish dominance.
Male walruses have air sacs in their heads and necks that they can inflate to impress females.
Male walruses have cm weight.
Male walruses have weight.
Male walruses produce bell-like sounds below water.
Most male walruses are sexually mature at about eight to ten years.
Most male walruses emit sound.
Most male walruses establish dominance.
Most male walruses have cm weight.
Most male walruses have weight.
Some male walruses compete for territory.
Some male walruses have air sacs.
Some male walruses have large air sacs.
Some male walruses have sacs.
Some male walruses reach maturity.
Some male walruses reach sexual maturity.
Male warthogs are usually solitary, joining the female groups only for mating.
Male warthogs join females for breeding, leave, and then return after the young are born.
Male wasps emerge from pupas.
Male wasps pollinate flowers.
Male wasps can only develop on wasp larvae.
Male wasps make love to orchids.
Most male wasps emerge from pupas.
Some male wasps have spines.
Male waterbucks develop skin.
Male waterbucks develop thick skin.
Male waterbucks use horns.
Male waterbucks use prominent horns.
Most male waterbucks develop skin.
Most male waterbucks develop thick skin.
Most male waterbucks use horns.
Most male waterbucks use prominent horns.
Some male waterbucks have horns.
Male weavers build extravagant oval nests over water attached to stems of reeds or grasses.
Male weed plants produce buds.
Male whydahs can be aggressive during mating season.
Male widows have a much harder time adjusting to the death of a spouse.
Male wild turkeys have color.
Male winners are the worst.
Male wolves mark the boundaries of their territories by urinating on bushes or rocks.
Male woodies have a large purple and green crested head.
Male workers are more likely to suffer injuries resulting from work-related motor vehicle accidents.
Male workers benefit more from long-term employment for obvious reasons.
Male workers conduct the ritual for the men, female workers for the women.
Male workers die at the end of the lifecycle.
Some male workers create tension when they are asked to work along with or take orders from women.
Some male workers die of hydrogen sulfide poison.
Some male workers die of poison.
Male worms are more susceptible to treatment than female worms.
Male wrens build many nests, sometimes as many as five or six, for their intended mates.
Male wrestlers do it all the time.
Male wrestlers present with higher rates of eating disorders.
Male writers welcome, too.
Male zebras have white stripes, but female zebras have black stripes.
A male is an animal
Male arrives first in breeding areas and sings to defend territory and attract a mate.
Male arrives first, establishing territory with dummy nests .
Male responds with a vocal grunt.
Males accomplish most, females attempt most.
Males account for approximately two-thirds of all students served in special education.
Males account for four out of five traumatic spinal cord injuries.
Males actively defend small territories against other males.
Males actively defend their nesting territories.
Males actively search for mates in the vicinity of winter dens soon after emergence in the spring.
Males actually have a small harem of several related females and their juvenile pups.
Males advertise their presence by distributing pungent smelling anal secretions onto branches.
Males aggregate around bands during the mating season and display to attract the females.
Males aggregate at the front of nests to mate with young queens.
Males aggressively defend females and their eggs.
Males aggressively defend nesting territories, attacking each other with their feet.
Males aggressively guard the eggs until they hatch.
Males aggressively protect the nest from potential predators.
Males aggressively protect their community boundaries against neighboring males.
Males alone incubate the eggs and tend the young.
Males already feel superior to females.
Males also adjust their ejaculates in response to sperm competition in terms of quality.
Males also appear a bit more elongated in shape when compared to the stockier females.
Males also appear to be somewhat larger as well.
Males also appear to have to learn to distinguish between odors.
Males also are larger than females.
Males also are twice as likely to get oral cancer than females, according to reports.
Males also assist to reunite mothers and their infants.
Males also become very dark during spawning season and develop a thickened pad on their head.
Males also bellow to learn if there are other dominant koalas in the area.
Males also boom territorially at nesting mound.
Males also can travel solitarily before they find a unimale group.
Males also carry on the family line.
Males also chase females during courtship and pounce upon females during copulation.
Males also chase intruders off of the territory.
Males also compete aggressively with each other for contact with females.
Males also compete intensely over dominance status.
Males also compete rather intensely, however, especially in developed social hierarchies.
Males also contain an aedeagus , a sperm-transferring organ.
Males also defend territory around their burrow.
Males also defend the nest site from predators, more often than females.
Males also defend the pair's territory using different defense calls.
Males also develop breeding tubercles on the head and pectoral fins in the breeding season.
Males also develop different behaviors for paternity assurance.
Males also develop large pre-anal and femoral pores.
Males also develop odontodes, bristles that cover the face and pectoral fins.
Males also display a clear dominance hierarchy.
Males also display at dancing grounds during autumn.
Males also display different colors in the spring, changing to a red-brown chest, rump and flank.
Males also display massive palmate antlers that are broad and flattened.
Males also display more mounting behavior than female infants.
Males also emit ultrasonic songs during mating and courtship.
Males also engage in a lot of counter-singing at the beginning of the breeding season.
Males also engage in similar homosexual behavior, but with more variety.
Males also exhibit a hair-covered penis sheath.
Males also exhibit aggressive interactions for access to females.
Males also exhibit attention-seeking behaviour.
Males also exploit infant, juvenile, and female associates in disputes with rivals.
Males also feed on blood but less frequently.
Males also find females attractive who engage in flirting behavior.
Males also grin and smack their lips at females that are potential mates.
Males also grow a double row of bristles down the middle of their snouts.
Males also grunt.
Males also guard the eggs and newly hatched young.
Males also have a broader head and are more colorful.
Males also have a growth of skin, called a wattle, that hangs down from the neck.
Males also have a higher tendency to be retained in school.
Males also have a large scent gland which shows as a dirty patch on their white chest.
Males also have a larger head and the preorbital skin is more prominent than in females.
Males also have a modified anal fin.
Males also have a scarlet breast, and scarlet and light chestnut flanks and underparts.
Males also have a sense of humor at times.
Males also have a single white wing bar .
Males also have a small black ridge of hair running along their backs.
Males also have a spur on each hind leg.
Males also have a thick furry mane around the neck.
Males also have a thick mane.
Males also have a V-shaped marking running from their forehead to their nose.
Males also have an enlarged neck sack that is used to croak and pick up chicks.
Males also have anal glands and scent glands on the chest.
Males also have bigger tympanic membranes which cover their ears.
Males also have dark colored throats and have enlarged thumb pads during the breeding season.
Males also have estrogen, naturally, just as females produce testosterone.
Males also have extremely thick muscular necks and a mane of coarse long hair.
Males also have hemipenile bulges on the underside base of the tail.
Males also have high crests on their heads and tails.
Males also have large, colorful caudal fins.
Males also have larger canines.
Males also have long, well-developed wings.
Males also have longer and thicker tusks than females.
Males also have mammary glands, but they are inactive.
Males also have more brightly colored plumage for most of the year.
Males also have narrower hips and broader shoulders.
Males also have narrower skulls than females.
Males also have prominent mid-sagittal crests.
Males also have ruffs of hair around their cheeks.
Males also have sagittal crests and large canines.
Males also have same-sex relations, typically with multiple partners of the same age.
Males also have scent glands on their chests, just above the collarbone and close to the armpit.
Males also have shallow depressions in their lower shells while the females lower shell is flat.
Males also have significantly higher injury rates than females.
Males also have territories which are useful resources for the females.
Males also have testicles located at the back of their necks.
Males also have the sperm killed.
Males also have the unique ability to change their head color when startled or excited.
Males also have thinner veination on their wings than females.
Males also have tusk-like upper canine teeth which curve strongly outward from the lips.
Males also have two fatty deposits on their forheads, behind the eye and above the ear.
Males also have two small horns on the tops of their heads that are covered with skin.
Males also hiss during courtship interactions with females.
Males also impress their females by singing in their nests and by decorating their nests.
Males also leave visual and scent markings using the glands on their inner forearms.
Males also live only briefly as adults.
Males also make up the majority of the unemployed.
Males also mark their territory by spraying urine.
Males also mark their territory by urine spraying.
Males also mark their territory with urine.
Males also molt twice with a free flying adult emerging after the last molt.
Males also move around singly except during mating season .
Males also possess pouches of pebbly skin on chest.
Males also preen, take dust baths, and spread and stretch their wings.
Males also produce estrogen, but in much smaller quantities.
Males also produce pheromones to begin the mating process.
Males also produce pheromones which are deposited onto the waxy outer covering of the wings.
Males also puncture females with their cheliceral fangs during courtship.
Males also rear the young while avoiding the wandering, adult females.
Males also remain in their natal home range.
Males also search for females by walking or flying.
Males also seek medical attention for all types of ailments at a lower rate than women.
Males also share food, groom, and play with offspring.
Males also sound different from females.
Males also tend to be better talkers than females, especially in budgerigar and cockatiel species.
Males also tend to be heavier than females.
Males also tend to be larger and have longer tails.
Males also tend to be more colorful than females.
Males also tend to be more reluctant than females to seek help when they are depressed.
Males also tend to be more vocal than females.
Males also tend to have a larger dorsal fin than females.
Males also tend to have a larger or wider head and tend to be larger than the females.
Males also tend to have a longer beak.
Males also tend to have longer dorsal spikes along their back, especially along the neck area.
Males also tend to have the underpart of their shells concave.
Males also tend to hold themselves a little differently.
Males also tend to sing cheerful tunes to the female they have chosen to mate with.
Males also undergo an annual cycle.
Males also use body movements to communicate interest to potential mates.
Males also use scent gland secretions to mark tall grasses on territorial boundaries.
Males also vocalize loudly to attract females during the mating season.
Males also vocalize when attempting to mate with a female.
Males also wear necklaces, earrings and lucky charms which are considered to ward off evil.
Males alternate the heads they use between matings.
Males announce their identity by territorial singing and aggressive behavior.
Males announce their presence by making long calls.
Males apparently defend small territories by vocalization or physical combat.
Males apparently excel in visual-spatial abilities.
Males apparently recognize females visually.
Males appear black with a unique brown head and neck.
Males appear even darker then the females and are more common.
Males appear first and attract females with their calls.
Males appear first beginning the mating ritual high above the water.
Males appear first, females later.
Males appear from hibernation in early spring, the females follow approximately a month later.
Males appear in blue, females in pink.
Males appear larger than females because they are much heavier and wider of body.
Males appear masculine without coarseness, and females feminine without being overly fine.
Males appear more active.
Males appear to be highly territorial.
Males appear to be slightly larger on average than females.
Males appear to be territorial.
Males appear to compete for females with some pretty aggressive behaviors.
Males appear to consume more terrestrial foods including cottonwood and mulberry seeds.
Males appear to favor auctions.
Males appear to mark with urine, and both males and females mark by rubbing their necks on trees.
Males appear to mate once and die, while females have been shown to mate more than once.
Males appear to migrate every year, arriving ahead of the females.
Males appear to predominate in the population, perhaps because they are easier to see.
Males appear unable to distinguish the sex of prospective mates and often pry up other males.
Males appear, then, to affiliate with kin throughout their lives.
Males apply cement-like copulatior plug to female genital pore after mating.
Males are a bit larger than females.
Males are a diffused blue in colour with distinct black markings, the eyes are deep blue.
Males are a golden orange color with a broad band of dark brown.
Males are a light blue with silvery indigo colored wings.
Males are a lighter tan colour with the same white underbelly and pattern on the legs .
Males are a lighter tan colour with the same white underbelly and pattern on the legs.
Males are a little bigger than females.
Males are a little larger than females.
Males are a little smaller than females.
Males are a little smaller than hermaphrodites .
Males are a little smaller than hermaphrodites.
Males are a minority in an organization that traditionally attracts healers.
Males are a reddish brown colour and females more blue-grey.
Males are a rich dark-chestnut color.
Males are a slaty-black colour with a black bill and a vivid red band in the tail.
Males are a soft peacock blue, and females are grayish blue.
Males are a third larger than females in dimensions and sometimes twice their weight.
Males are able to actually start fires.
Males are able to breed at any time after puberty.
Males are able to ejaculate the semen, which contains the sperm.
Males are able to roar when they are about one year old, and females can roar a few months later.
Males are about a pound heavier than females.
Males are about five inches in length.
Males are about half as long and incapable of flight.
Males are about half the female's size, with smaller bodies and longer legs.
Males are about one-fifth larger and heavier than females.
Males are about one-fourth larger and heavier than females.
Males are about one-third larger than females.
Males are about the same size as the females but the males have two large bumps on their prothorax.
Males are about twice as big as females and have striking flaps on their cheeks.
Males are about twice the size of females.
Males are about two thirds the size of females.
Males are about two-thirds the size of females and generally lighter in color.
Males are active fathers, frequently grooming and handling infants.
Males are aggressive and defend positions over pits.
Males are aggressive and defend small territories in breeding season.
Males are aggressive by birth.
Males are aggressive during the spring and autumn mating seasons.
Males are aggressive in the early breeding season, in fall, and in winter.
Males are aggressive to one another.
Males are aggressive toward each other and fight over females.
Males are aggressive toward other males and females.
Males are aggressive when it comes to protecting their territory and vying for females.
Males are aggressive, especially so during breeding peaks.
Males are aggressive.
Males are all the same.
Males are almost all rufous.
Males are almost all white, while females have more flecks of black plumage.
Males are almost always larger than females.
Males are almost always the boss, and they give fellow male workers more opportunities than women.
Males are almost always the perpetrators of sexual abuse in the United States.
Males are almost constantly airborne in search of mates and prey.
Males are almost pure white, with some birds showing a slight slaty brown flecking.
Males are almost twice as large as females.
Males are almost twice as likely to be hearing impaired as females.
Males are almost twice as likely to suffer serious brain injuries than females.
Males are also a bit more likely to spray urine or have urinary tract problems than females.
Males are also able to compete with one another within small habitable territories.
Males are also black in the groin and the gular area.
Males are also creatures with only one X-chromosome.
Males are also distinguishable from females by their fringed toes.
Males are also far less aggressive.
Males are also flightless and much less numerous than females.
Males are also involved with a lot of infant care.
Males are also more commonly affected than females.
Males are also more likely to commit suicide.
Males are also slightly larger than females.
Males are also venomous.
Males are also white, but smaller and narrower.
Males are always heavier than females.
Males are always larger than females.
Males are always smaller and their wings are more deeply incised.
Males are anatomically incapable of stinging.
Males are animals.
Males are another story.
Males are approximately three times more frequently affected than females.
Males are approximately three times the size of females.
Males are approximately twice the size of females.
Males are as victimized by their social construction as are females.
Males are at a significantly higher risk than women for a variety of reasons .
Males are at greater risk of sun exposure than females.
Males are at higher risk for developing high blood pressure at an earlier age than females.
Males are at higher risk for heart attack than females.
Males are at least four times more likely to die from suicide than are females.
Males are at least four times more likely to die from suicide than females.
Males are attracted to groups of females that are ready to breed.
Males are attracted to the females where fertilization occurs.
Males are attracted to the red signal from the female.
Males are automatically at higher risk due to their lack of estrogen.
Males are available much more frequently than females.
Males are azure blue on the back and white on the belly.
Males are banded on the right, females on the left.
Males are believed to mature earlier than females but females mature at a smaller size.
Males are best reared from bags after caterpillars pupate.
Males are bestowed with such beauty and elegance that they become the best choice as pets.
Males are better.
Males are bigger and heavier than females and have well-developed canines.
Males are bigger and heavier than females.
Males are bigger compared to females.
Males are bigger for many reasons.
Males are bigger than females .
Males are bigger than females and often have nuchal humps.
Males are bigger than females.
Males are bigger then the females.
Males are black above and white below, with a black bib and crown.
Males are black above with pale cream contrasting wing panels with red spots.
Males are black and females are brownish.
Males are black and white with red breast patch.
Males are black and white, females, brownish and white.
Males are black in colour and females are buff.
Males are black with a brick red midsection and white chin.
Males are black with long antennae approximately the same length as the body.
Males are black with white hands and feet and females have blondish fur with a black cap and chest.
Males are black with white wing and tail plumes, females are brownish-grey.
Males are black, but females have a red abdomen.
Males are blackish in color, hairy, and have four wings.
Males are blue with black on their heads and backs, black breasts, and white bellies.
Males are blue with broad black bars and black markings in the blue dorsal fin.
Males are blue-gray and get darker with age.
Males are bold red and black.
Males are born in cooler nests, while a warmer nest results in females.
Males are bright and varied in coloring.
Males are bright brick red with prominent creamy shoulder flashes.
Males are bright iridescent green, with red pectoral tufts and elongated central tail feathers.
Males are bright red all over except for a large, black mask on their face.
Males are bright steel blue with pale yellow, narrow bands around the abdomen.
Males are bright yellow with black wings, tails and caps, and white rumps.
Males are brighter because they are the ones that display to defend a territory.
Males are brighter orange breasted then females.
Males are brighter than females with slatey blue wings and back, dark head and dull facial markings.
Males are brighter than females.
Males are brighter, have a crest from the head to the tip of the tail and are usually larger.
Males are brighter.
Males are brightly colored, having a green head, a white collar, and a bright yellow bill.
Males are brightly coloured.
Males are brightly yellowis-green during mating season.
Males are brilliant yellow above with no markings.
Males are brown and fly in zigzag pattern during the day.
Males are brownish orange with brown sprinkles that are kind of like diamonds all over the body.
Males are called boars and females called sows.
Males are called bucks and females are called does like rabbits.
Males are called bucks or bucklings.
Males are called bulls and females are called cows.
Males are called bulls, females are called cows, and all infants are called calves.
Males are called bulls.
Males are called peacocks and females are called peahens.
Males are capable of flight.
Males are capable of mating at about two years old.
Males are capable of mating multiple times.
Males are catty, wear curls and pretty clothes, love to go shopping.
Males are characteristically larger, heavier boned and more masculine than the bitches.
Males are characteristically stockier and heavier boned than females.
Males are chocolate brown in colour.
Males are completely black, females vary from reddish-brown to gray.
Males are considerably heavier than females.
Males are considerably larger than females, though the sexes are similar in appearance.
Males are considerably larger than females.
Males are considerably larger then females.
Males are considerably smaller than females, and exhibit less prominent crests.
Males are considerably smaller than females.
Males are consistently larger than females.
Males are constantly on the teenage female mind.
Males are dark brown in color and have a full set of functional wings.
Males are dark brown to brownish orange, and darken with age.
Males are dark brown.
Males are dark brown-gray with a dark tail, gray face and black nose.
Males are darker and develop manes on the neck.
Males are darker colored and show more iridescence in the body feathers.
Males are darker in color, but general hue varies depending on subspecies.
Males are darker in colour, but general hue varies depending on subspecies .
Males are darker in plumage with more prominent neck bands than females.
Males are darker than females.
Males are darker than the females.
Males are darker, almost black, especially during the breeding season.
Males are decidedly masculine without coarseness.
Males are deeper in color with more black, as opposed to the drab female.
Males are degenerate, lacking functional organs other than the testis.
Males are difficult to distinguish from femaels by external examination.
Males are distinguishable at a distance from females because of their different grazing habits.
Males are dominant in meetings and in the office setting.
Males are dominant over females and adults are dominant over the younger birds.
Males are dominant over females, and young animals tend to be dominant over older animals.
Males are dominant over females, but it is the females that make the key decisions for the group.
Males are dominant over females, except females with cubs.
Males are dominant over females.
Males are dominant to females, which are dominant to young.
Males are dominant to females.
Males are dominate at the feeders.
Males are duller in winter.
Males are dwarf and flightless.
Males are easily recognized , they have two horns above their eyes and one horn on their nose .
Males are easily recognized, they have two horns above their eyes and one horn on their nose.
Males are easy to identify in breeding plumage.
Males are either solitary or form bachelor herds.
Males are elongate and are pure white.
Males are elongate and pure white with a slight ridge down the back.
Males are elongate and white.
Males are encourage to enroll.
Males are equipped with unusually large testes.
Males are especially outgoing and are the only ones to produce songs.
Males are especially territorial during the breeding season.
Males are especially thin, with females being slightly stockier.
Males are excellent flyers.
Males are excluded from the social unit when two years old.
Males are extremely agonistic toward other males.
Males are extremely colorful.
Males are extremely territorial and attract females by calling from such a territory.
Males are extremely territorial over both land and mates, in and out of mating season.
Males are extremely territorial.
Males are fairly larger and have heavier bills in comparison to the females.
Males are far more colorful and have longer fins.
Males are far more colorful and in the aquarium varieties available have have long fins.
Males are far more colorful than their female counterparts.
Males are far more evenly distributed among the five year age cohorts than are females.
Males are far more likely to accept the pampering.
Males are far more likely to attempt to commit suicide than females.
Males are far more likely to be involved in cycling accidents than females.
Males are far more likely to be working very long hours than females.
Males are far more likely to engage in physical aggression than females.
Males are feisty during the mating season.
Males are females reiterate food to the chicks.
Males are fertile throughout winter and early spring.
Males are fertile.
Males are four times as likely to die of suicide as females, but many more females attempt suicide.
Males are four times more likely to commit suicide than females.
Males are four times more likely to die from suicide than are females.
Males are four times more likely to die of suicide than are females.
Males are four times more likely to focus on physical characteristics of a partner.
Males are frequently aggressive, ramming and biting each other.
Males are friendlier'.
Males are from fertilized eggs, but they ARE diploid.
Males are full grown at the end of the second larval stage and become pupae after their second molt.
Males are full.
Males are genders.
Males are generally a little bigger and a lot heavier than females.
Males are generally bigger than females.
Males are generally darker than females.
Males are generally darker with a reddish-brown beard.
Males are generally five to ten pounds heavier than females.
Males are generally half the size of females.
Males are generally heavier and have thicker shanks than females.
Males are generally heavier than females.
Males are generally larger and heavier than females.
Males are generally larger in size than females.
Males are generally larger than females and are usually more colorful.
Males are generally larger than females and have broader heads and muzzles.
Males are generally larger than females within a specific geographic area.
Males are generally larger than females, but both sexes are affectionate, trainable, and loving.
Males are generally larger than females, but no definitive comparisons have been made.
Males are generally larger than females.
Males are generally larger than sows with more pronounced warts and tusks.
Males are generally larger than the females.
Males are generally larger than their mates.
Males are generally larger.
Males are generally less aggressive predators than females.
Males are generally longer than females and they also have shorter tails.
Males are generally longer than females.
Males are generally more adept at a singing and mimicry.
Males are generally more affected than females.
Males are generally more slender than females, and have longer legs and smaller abdomens.
Males are generally more slender than females, with longer legs and smaller abdomens.
Males are generally more vocal than females.
Males are generally much larger than females, often twice the size.
Males are generally much larger than females.
Males are generally much more vocal than females, at least during nesting.
Males are generally quicker and less cautious when approaching the nest.
Males are generally smaller than females and have longer tails.
Males are generally smaller than females.
Males are generally smaller than Females.
Males are generally smaller with relatively longer wings.
Males are generally smaller, but often longer finned.
Males are generally tolerant of one another and serious fighting is rare.
Males are generally twice as large as females.
Males are generally white or pale grey with a black zigzag.
Males are glossy black but have a brown head.
Males are gold, white, and black.
Males are golden yellow in color, whereas females are more brown.
Males are good fliers and are often found around lights at night.
Males are good fliers.
Males are good singers.
Males are gray with pale faces, red cheeks and beard.
Males are gray, females and juveniles are brown.
Males are greater as compared to females.
Males are green and females are brown.
Males are grey with black wing tips, and females are a rusty brown color.
Males are half the size of females.
Males are half the size of women black widow spiders, and are considered harmless.
Males are handsome ducks with a chestnut brown head and golden-yellow band on the forehead.
Males are haploid and eclose from unfertilized eggs.
Males are harmless.
Males are heavier bodied than females.
Males are heavier than females and have thicker necks and longer horns.
Males are heavier than females from early in development on.
Males are heavier than females.
Males are heavier than the females.
Males are hemizygous, receiving their only X chromosome from their mother.
Males are Hideous due to facial scarring.
Males are highly aggressive during breeding season.
Males are highly aggressive during the rutting season and fighting is vicious.
Males are highly competitive over access to groups of females on shore.
Males are highly competitive over females and large bears often drive smaller ones away.
Males are highly individualistic and only join the herd for mating seasons.
Males are highly polygamous and defend the harems of cows in their territories against other bulls.
Males are highly polygamous and guard the herd of females from other males.
Males are highly territorial.
Males are holoptic and the females dichoptic.
Males are homozygous and females heterozygous.
Males are in search of ready females.
Males are incapable of flight.
Males are inclined to occupy a larger area.
Males are intensely territorial on leks, defending areas just a few yards across.
Males are intolerant of each other.
Males are intolerant of male conspecifics.
Males are iridescent blue above with black borders on their wings.
Males are just as affectionate as females, and bitches are just as playful as dogs.
Males are just baubles that lounge around and play golf.
Males are known as billies, females as nannies.
Males are known as rams, while females are referred to as ewes and have no horns.
Males are known for their eerie bugles during the rutting season.
Males are known to be extremely aggressive when competing for territory or potential mates.
Males are known to mate often, but it is possible some go through life without mating at all.
Males are known to mate with multiple females.
Males are lager than females.
Males are large, handsome birds weighing up to eight pounds.
Males are larger and bear deciduous antlers.
Males are larger and darker than females.
Males are larger and deeper bodied than females.
Males are larger and have a larger canines.
Males are larger and have longer bills than females.
Males are larger and have massive features and a well-developed silver shaggy cape or mane.
Males are larger and more colorful than females.
Males are larger and more robust than females.
Males are larger and more solid.
Males are larger and stronger than females and have bigger canine teeth.
Males are larger and stronger than females, with bigger canine teeth.
Males are larger and stronger than females.
Males are larger and weigh more than females.
Males are larger than females .
Males are larger than females and have a greater live weight.
Males are larger than females and have a longer bill.
Males are larger than females and have a red patch on their nape, which is lacking in females.
Males are larger than females and have large, pointed canine teeth.
Males are larger than females and have larger beaks.
Males are larger than females and have larger dorsal fins that are very broad at the base.
Males are larger than females and have longer, thicker tails.
Males are larger than females and in most case have more impressive coat.
Males are larger than females and more active.
Males are larger than females and the tail is longer, extending well beyond the shell.
Males are larger than females and their coats are light brown, tawny and, in a few cases, black.
Males are larger than females and they defend small territories around the edge of sunfish nests.
Males are larger than females and they have a red forehead, red crest, and scarlet mustache.
Males are larger than females as well.
Males are larger than females in all species.
Males are larger than females in size but the size of the bill remains the same in both sexes.
Males are larger than females of the same age.
Males are larger than females on average.
Males are larger than females when grown, and tend to be less active and therefore better lap pets.
Males are larger than females with enlarged jaw musculature.
Males are larger than females within each subspecies.
Males are larger than females, and act as group leaders, showing aggression if threatened.
Males are larger than females, and have large antlers.
Males are larger than females, and if left intact tend to mark their territory.
Males are larger than females, and the mature males have a taller dorsal fin.
Males are larger than females, but otherwise the sexes look similar.
Males are larger than females, but they are colored alike.
Males are larger than females, have longer tails, and have concave plastrons.
Males are larger than females, have longer tails, and their plastrons are concave for mating.
Males are larger than females, sometimes twice as large.
Males are larger than females, though body size varies geographically.
Males are larger than females.
Males are larger than the females with a shaggy gray-blue coat and similar white stripes.
Males are larger than the females.
Males are larger with heavier heads while females have more fox-like heads.
Males are larger, and have larger canines.
Males are larger, and slightly more muscular, than females.
Males are larger, averaging about twelve or thirteen feet, females average about ten feet long.
Males are larger, brighter, with a much larger crest on the back of the head.
Males are larger, have more vivid colours and extended dorsal and tail fins.
Males are larger, on average, than females.
Males are larger.
Males are later.
Males are less costly to species with high growth capacities.
Males are less likely than females to seek help from any source.
Males are less likely to listen than are females.
Males are less likely to persist in a program after their first hour of instruction.
Males are less likely to report the abuse.
Males are less likely to roam and receive injuries from fights or automobiles.
Males are less likely to show up for a program even if they enroll for one.
Males are less likely to wear pink than females.
Males are less picky.
Males are less prone to cancer, but neutering helps with litter training, aggression, and stress.
Males are less than half the size of the female.
Males are light brown with dark-brown wings.
Males are lighter than females.
Males are like criminals too.
Males are linear thinkers.
Males are little more active then females.
Males are loners.
Males are long and narrow with three ridges running lengthwise.
Males are long and narrow, with three ridges running lengthwise on their backs.
Males are longer and heavier than females .
Males are longer and heavier than females.
Males are longer than females and quite a bit heavier.
Males are longer than females, but they weigh the same.
Males are mainly in their prime around five to eight years old.
Males are markedly smaller with shorter bills than females.
Males are masculine and females feminine.
Males are masculine and larger, stronger, bulkier and more powerful than bitches.
Males are masculine with heavier features, bitches feminine, but without refinement.
Males are masculine, but never coarse.
Males are mature at approximately nine years of age, although some males mature earlier.
Males are mature at approximately nine years of age.
Males are mature at approximately nine years.
Males are mature within a year and a half.
Males are metallic blue, sometimes with faint vertical bars.
Males are more active than females during winter thaws.
Males are more active than females, especially when vigorous activities are considered.
Males are more affected than females.
Males are more affected than women.
Males are more aggressive than females.
Males are more apt to become addicted through the visual stimulus.
Males are more at risk and most cases have been sporadic but some genetic tendencies are seen.
Males are more bitey than females.
Males are more brightly colored than females.
Males are more carnivorous while females are more herbivorous by comparison .
Males are more carnivorous while females are more herbivorous by comparison.
Males are more colourful and larger than the females.
Males are more colourful and larger.
Males are more colourful and sport a pointed dorsal fin.
Males are more concerned about distribution of weight versus weight gain per se.
Males are more confident of their fire safety.
Males are more dispossessed than the females.
Males are more elongated and pure white in color.
Males are more enthusiastic about females with strong markings.
Males are more involved than females in all forms of aggressive and violent behavior.
Males are more likely than females to be abusers.
Males are more likely than females to be diagnosed with a developmental disability.
Males are more likely than females to be discharged as a result of their own actions.
Males are more likely than females to be in pedestrian collisions.
Males are more likely than females to die of any type of injury.
Males are more likely than females to do the grilling.
Males are more likely than females to get scent gland tumors.
Males are more likely than females to have downloaded it for free.
Males are more likely than females to report heroin use during their lifetimes.
Males are more likely than females to say it is a good idea.
Males are more likely to actually kill themselves because they have greater access to firearms.
Males are more likely to be affected than are females.
Males are more likely to be affected than females.
Males are more likely to be affected.
Males are more likely to be afflicted than females.
Males are more likely to be antisocial than females.
Males are more likely to be fatally injured at work.
Males are more likely to be found in specialist medical roles or facility maintenance.
Males are more likely to be hazed than females.
Males are more likely to be unemployed in Cornwall than females.
Males are more likely to be very frequent users than females.
Males are more likely to become symptomatically ill.
Males are more likely to burn off muscle protein when fuel supply is limiting.
Males are more likely to complete suicide while females are more likely to attempt.
Males are more likely to die from cancer than females.
Males are more likely to express different reasons for their body dissatisfaction.
Males are more likely to fear crime than females are.
Males are more likely to get hurt from fireworks.
Males are more likely to have a heart attack at a younger age and survive than females.
Males are more likely to have comorbid disorders than females.
Males are more likely to have coronary heart disease than females, whether younger or older.
Males are more likely to have coronary heart disease than women, whether younger or older.
Males are more likely to have elevated blood pressure.
Males are more likely to have smut or slate in their undercolor than females.
Males are more likely to have used the Web for shopping than females.
Males are more likely to kill infants that are being nursed than weaned infants.
Males are more likely to murder women than to murder other men.
Males are more likely to own multiple computers.
Males are more likely to purchase tickets online.
Males are more likely to repel clingy exes if there are a lot of other females around.
Males are more likely to report the use of condoms than females.
Males are more likely to shop online than females.
Males are more likely to suffer from work-related motor vehicle accidents.
Males are more likely to suffer serious brain injuries than are females.
Males are more likely to use condoms than females.
Males are more likely to view males wearing pink negatively.
Males are more likely to view themselves and be viewed by others as responsible for the abuse.
Males are more nomadic and generally only come into contact with the females to breed.
Males are more popular than females because of their appearance.
Males are more prone to speaking than hens.
Males are more protective of their territory in front of other males and adults.
Males are more restful, satisfied to fill a lap.
Males are more sexually active than females at each of the grade levels surveyed.
Males are more showy to attract the female.
Males are more susceptible to allegations of improper body behaviour than females.
Males are more tolerant than females, and younger residents are more tolerant than older residents.
Males are more vulnerable to the reactions than females, and the young more so than the elderly.
Males are more vulnerable, develop slower, and are bigger at birth.
Males are most likely to be tolerant than females.
Males are most often heavier than females.
Males are mostly black.
Males are mostly limited to a cough sounding call.
Males are mostly pink as adults.
Males are mostly solitary, but the cubs stay with their mothers for up to two year.
Males are much bigger than females.
Males are much darker than females.
Males are much larger and have cape fur.
Males are much larger and heavier than females.
Males are much larger than females , but they become larger when they mature .
Males are much larger than females and are more colorful.
Males are much larger than females and are more highly colored.
Males are much larger than females and generally take larger prey.
Males are much larger than females and slower to mature.
Males are much larger than females and their tusks are much longer and heavier.
Males are much larger than females, but they become larger when they mature.
Males are much larger than females, even at birth.
Males are much larger than females, showing greater sexual dimorphism than any other primate.
Males are much larger than females.
Males are much larger than the females.
Males are much less common in culture, have longer antennae, and more narrow bodies.
Males are much less likely to contract STDs from females than vice versa.
Males are much more colorful.
Males are much more easy to introduce to one another.
Males are much more likely than females to be victims of serious violent crimes.
Males are much more likely than females to use smokeless tobacco.
Males are much more likely to be seen by water as females only visit the water to lay their eggs.
Males are much more likely to become alcoholics than females.
Males are much more likely to regard that time as a good shift.
Males are much more violent, causing more severe physical injuries than women.
Males are much shorter than females.
Males are much smaller and lighter-colored, with light streaks on their abdomens.
Males are much smaller than females.
Males are much smaller than the females.
Males are nearly pure white.
Males are nearly twice as likely as females to be victims of serious violent crimes.
Males are neutured.
Males are never carriers but express the one allele on the X chromosome.
Males are no longer able to father children and sometimes experience impotence after surgery.
Males are normally a little larger than females.
Males are normally larger and weigh more than females.
Males are normally larger than females.
Males are normally more flashy than females.
Males are normally more vocal.
Males are normally smaller than females of the same age.
Males are normally twice the body size of females.
Males are normally twice the size of their female counterparts.
Males are notable for their dark markings, with reduced white scales on the carapace.
Males are notably larger than females.
Males are noticeable smaller.
Males are noticeably larger than females.
Males are now in their brightest yellow breeding plumage.
Males are object related, competitive, take more risks and have better spatial skills.
Males are often a bright yellow as shown here.
Males are often aggressive, forcing their attention on females of other species.
Males are often bright orange or scarlet, and the head and fins usually have turquoise markings.
Males are often brighter than females.
Males are often combative.
Males are often darker in color and have a short mane that runs down the back and stands upright.
Males are often deferent.
Males are often intolerant of rivals.
Males are often larger than the females and, particularly in species which lek, more colourful.
Males are often more elaborately sculptured with knobs and spikes than their mates.
Males are often territorial, defending oviposition sites from other males.
Males are often white or grey in color.
Males are on average larger than females.
Males are on long stems with a rod like structure inside the flower which is coated with pollen.
Males are on one side of the diagram and females are on the other.
Males are one and a half to two times more likely to be bitten than a female.
Males are one-third the size of females.
Males are only a fraction of the size of females and are clear of color.
Males are only slightly larger than females.
Males are organized in stable, linear hierarchies.
Males are over six times as likely than females to be killed by a firearm.
Males are over twice as susceptible as females.
Males are overwhelmingly the victims and perpetrators of violence.
Males are pale gray with streaks of white the tail is gray with brown bars.
Males are pale yellow.
Males are particularly prone to traveling, visiting different females in the spring.
Males are people.
Males are peripheral to the group and are replaced every few years.
Males are physically stronger on average than women.
Males are polygamous , mating with as many hens as they can.
Males are polygamous and breed with several females residing in their home ranges.
Males are polygamous and defend their territory which is large enough for two or three mates.
Males are polygamous and mate with more than one female.
Males are polygamous and play no part in rearing young.
Males are polygamous as well.
Males are polygamous.
Males are polygymous, but females typically only mate once per cycle.
Males are polygynous and court very vigorously.
Males are polygynous and strongly selected for the red ornament.
Males are polygynous.
Males are predominantly dark, royal blue with green iridescence through the tail.
Males are present around the nest for most of the day, and females most of the night.
Males are present for only a brief time each year.
Males are primarily green and females are primarily red.
Males are primarily red with yellow, green, black, and brown markings.
Males are probably polygamous and mate with more than one female.
Males are probably the easiest to detect.
Males are probably the most beautifully colored of the six peacock pheasant species.
Males are produced by some species only during the fall months.
Males are produced in old, mature colonies.
Males are produced only when colonies are mature and die shortly after mating.
Males are produced seasonally and have half as many chromosomes as females.
Males are prone to spray even when neutered.
Males are prone to the disease at a much earlier age than women.
Males are proportionately larger than females.
Males are propoxur resistant, females susceptible.
Males are protective of their offspring, keeping a watch for other males and predators.
Males are protective of their territory, but allow females to pass through their domain to forage.
Males are pugnacious during the breeding season, and defend their burrows from any intruders.
Males are purplish-blue with light blotches on lower jaw, caudal projections.
Males are quite a bit smaller than females.
Males are quite aggressive during the mating season, both with other males and with females.
Males are quite territorial, each trying to breed with the most females possible.
Males are rare and flightless.
Males are rare and reproduction is almost entirely parthenogenetic .
Males are rare and reproduction is probably by parthenogenesis.
Males are rare but readily mate with hermaphrodites.
Males are rare, but resemble tiny wasps or flies.
Males are rare, reduced in size, flightless, and presumably haploid.
Males are rare, reproduction is mainly parthenogenetic .
Males are rare.
Males are really aggressive toward each other when they are fighting for the attention of females.
Males are red and females are stockier and brown.
Males are red with a black face and a reddish bill.
Males are redder than females.
Males are reddish-brown and are active flyers.
Males are related to each other and females move between groups.
Males are relatively shorter than females, with longer ovipositors.
Males are relentless nest builders, often stealing twigs from a neighbor's nest.
Males are reported to incubate until eggs hatch in all remaining species.
Males are represented by squares and carriers by open or halfshaded symbols.
Males are responsible for most bites, and probably all deaths, in humans.
Males are responsible for the droning noise as they call for mates.
Males are responsible for the noise when they call for mates.
Males are said to have a rounder shell opening.
Males are scarce and are only found in the fall.
Males are scarce and make up only a small portion of the total population.
Males are seclusive, blond to tan in color, somewhat smaller and harmless.
Males are seen in the spring hovering close to the ground which often catches our attention.
Males are selected by the size and quality of the gift.
Males are selective - males with piuch space are selective of females from which they take eggs.
Males are semi-solitary and spend most of their lives alone.
Males are separate from the herds and serve as a stud.
Males are sex.
Males are sexually active throughout the rutting season, when their testes increase greatly in size.
Males are sexually mature at the end of year one.
Males are sexually mature at two years of age.
Males are sexually mature in five years and females in four.
Males are shiny black with bright red epaulets.
Males are shorter than females and can be identified by the presence of genital claspers.
Males are shorter than females and usu- ally slightly curved at the rear.
Males are significantly heavier than females.
Males are significantly larger than females.
Males are significantly larger.
Males are significantly less likely than females to use their front seat belt all the time.
Males are significantly more susceptible to the lethal effects of the drug.
Males are silver-grey and females are brown.
Males are similar in color to females and have two long backward-projecting, white wax threads.
Males are similar to females but smaller and always light yellow.
Males are six times more likely to be killed as a bicyclist than females.
Males are sleeker, with more pointed pectoral fins, and their fins tend to be larger.
Males are slender posteriorly, and females are cylindrical.
Males are slightly bigger than females, with a bigger dewlap and swelling.
Males are slightly bigger than females.
Males are slightly brighter in color.
Males are slightly heavier and generally larger than females.
Males are slightly heavier as compared to females.
Males are slightly heavier than females.
Males are slightly heavier.
Males are slightly larger and heavier than females.
Males are slightly larger and more brightly plumaged than females.
Males are slightly larger and more colorful overall.
Males are slightly larger and more colorful than females, and have thicker, longer tails.
Males are slightly larger and noticeably heavier than females.
Males are slightly larger and with a brighter coat.
Males are slightly larger than females and have a longer tail.
Males are slightly larger than females and have a longer, thicker tail.
Males are slightly larger than females, but females have longer tail.
Males are slightly larger than females, but their coloration is similar.
Males are slightly larger than females, especially in the skulls.
Males are slightly larger than females, weighing more and having longer wingspans.
Males are slightly larger than females.
Males are slightly larger than the females.
Males are slightly larger then females.
Males are slightly more likely than females to visit airline sites or car rental sites.
Males are slightly more likely to visit airline sites than females.
Males are slightly more muscular than females.
Males are slightly more than half that size.
Males are slightly shorter and much thinner.
Males are slightly smaller and darker than females.
Males are slightly smaller and darker.
Males are slightly smaller and paler than females.
Males are slightly smaller than females, as is typical for leporids.
Males are slightly smaller than females, as is typical for members of the rabbit family .
Males are slightly smaller than females.
Males are slightly smaller, but heavier.
Males are slightly smaller.
Males are small gnatlike insects with only two wings.
Males are small, and attach to a female with their teeth.
Males are small, brown hairy moths with dark wings that clear with age.
Males are small, winged insects.
Males are smaller and all black.
Males are smaller and elongated.
Males are smaller and have longer claws on their front feet.
Males are smaller and lighter than females, but have longer legs.
Males are smaller and lighter than females.
Males are smaller and more brightly coloured.
Males are smaller and more slender than females.
Males are smaller and more strongly sutured then females.
Males are smaller and paler than females.
Males are smaller and somewhat darker than females.
Males are smaller and somewhat elongated Both males and females overwinter as immatures.
Males are smaller but exhibit the same colour pattern.
Males are smaller slightly smaller and lighter in color than the females.
Males are smaller than females .
Males are smaller than females and are lighter in color.
Males are smaller than females and generally mature earlier.
Males are smaller than females and have a hooked posterior end.
Males are smaller than females and have much longer legs.
Males are smaller than females and have one or two hardened spicules on their posterior ends.
Males are smaller than females and have several white spots scattered on the back.
Males are smaller than females and have slightly shorter bills.
Males are smaller than females and uniformly dark in color.
Males are smaller than females, and their legs are orange in color.
Males are smaller than females, and typically have a darker throat during the breeding season.
Males are smaller than females, with longer, thicker tails and longer front claws.
Males are smaller than females.
Males are smaller than reproductive females.
Males are smaller than the females.
Males are smaller than the heavier-bodied females.
Males are smaller than the more brightly colored females.
Males are smaller with longer and more compressed tails.
Males are smaller with more pointed abdomens than females.
Males are smaller with more pointed abdomens.
Males are smaller, and females have a hooked tail.
Males are smaller, and lighter in color.
Males are smaller, gnat-like and have wings.
Males are smaller, lighter in color, and have pointed abdomens.
Males are smaller, more slender, and darker.
Males are smaller, narrow, and white with a ridge down the center.
Males are smaller, thinner and are characterized by an elongated gonopodium.
Males are smaller.
Males are so large that it actually hinders their ability to hunt.
Males are sociable most of the time except for during the breeding season.
Males are solitary and rarer than the females.
Males are solitary and seem to defend their core areas from other males.
Males are solitary during the maternity periods.
Males are solitary foragers, females live in small groups.
Males are solitary in spring and summer.
Males are solitary, joining a band of females only for mating at the beginning of the rainy season.
Males are solitary, while females are often accompanied by their kittens.
Males are solitary, with unstructured, overlapping territories.
Males are solitary.
Males are sometime heavier than the females.
Males are somewhat brighter than females but it is difficult to tell the gender.
Males are somewhat heavier than females.
Males are somewhat larger and have two pairs of wings.
Males are somewhat larger and more robust.
Males are somewhat more solitary.
Males are somewhat more venomous than females.
Males are spawned as three year olds and are held separately.
Males are strikingly arrayed.
Males are stronger than females.
Males are stronger, more powerful and dominant, and therefore somewhat harder to train and control.
Males are substantially larger than females.
Males are superfluous most of the time.
Males are tall but normally proportioned.
Males are taller and weigh more than the females.
Males are ten inches, females nine inches long.
Males are territorial and emit a monotonous, honking call to attract females.
Males are territorial and mark their home ranges by glandular secretions.
Males are territorial and mate with females that live on their territories.
Males are territorial and often fight to establish dominance and defend territories.
Males are territorial and secrete musk to mark their territory.
Males are territorial and tend to be aggressive when they encounter one another.
Males are territorial andfiercely defend their herd from other males.
Males are territorial during breeding season and chase away smaller males.
Males are territorial during breeding season and commonly chase away smaller males.
Males are territorial with one or more females and their young.
Males are territorial, and aggressively defend their harem.
Males are territorial, defending their calling sites quite aggressively.
Males are territorial, perching in bankside plants and trees.
Males are territorial, sometimes patrolling for prey for hours at a time.
Males are territorial.
Males are the conspicuous sex, with their illuminating body organs.
Males are the dominant sex in chimpanzees, whereas bonobo females have no truck with male machismo.
Males are the first crappie to come to shallower water.
Males are the first to arrive and mating starts as soon as the females reach the estuaries.
Males are the first to emerge and females with cubs are last to emerge.
Males are the first to emerge from their dens in the spring.
Males are the larger sex, so if size is an issue try to get a female.
Males are the lightest in the harlequin group with normal markings.
Males are the more aggressive of the two sexes.
Males are the next largest form and are elongated in shape.
Males are the ones flaunting huge claws .
Males are the only butterfly to have a frenulum.
Males are the only ones who fight.
Males are the predominate users.
Males are the primary caregiver of infants.
Males are the primary sound producers, as the females of many species are silent.
Males are the same size or slightly larger than the females.
Males are the scouts and are often the first seen.
Males are the size of a baby's fist.
Males are the smaller of the sexes among eagles and lots of other avian predators.
Males are the smaller sex and possess a gonopodium .
Males are the warrior class of the Order.
Males are thought to be better at mimicking speech and whistles.
Males are thought to be dominant over females because they are larger in mass and length.
Males are thought to follow pheromones emitted by the female.
Males are thought to travel much farther than the females.
Males are threats to the young and many females protect their litter against any perceived threat.
Males are three times as likely as females to develop the disease.
Males are three times more likely to be diagnosed as autistic than females.
Males are three to five times more likely to complete suicide than females.
Males are three to four times as likely to experience speech disorders as females.
Males are tiny, gnat-like insects with one pair of wings.
Males are to be neatly shaven, mustaches and beards clipped neatly.
Males are to be targets of discrimination, subject to quotas and legal disabilities.
Males are to bring home the bacon.
Males are to the left of the hyphen and females to the right.
Males are to wear dress shirt, tie, neat trousers or slacks, and dress shoes.
Males are twice as big and heavier than the females, and have a magnificent mane and huge canines.
Males are twice as frequently affected as females.
Males are twice as large as females so the size difference is ignoramus indeed.
Males are twice as large as females.
Males are twice as likely as females to die from fall-related injuries.
Males are twice as likely as females to have it.
Males are twice as likely as females to suffer head injuries.
Males are twice as likely to be homicide victims than females.
Males are twice as likely to be victims as females.
Males are twice likely to suffer from kidney cancer than females.
Males are twice the weight of females.
Males are typically dominant to females, but females still have a high status in the group.
Males are typically dominant to females.
Males are typically heavier and longer than females at birth.
Males are typically heavier than females.
Males are typically larger and more aggressive.
Males are typically larger than females . . .
Males are typically larger than females.
Males are typically larger with heavier bone and more muscle than females.
Males are typically more affected than females.
Males are typically more confident, so easily become friendly pets with some attention.
Males are typically more severely affected than females.
Males are typically one-quarter larger than females.
Males are typically shorter lived than females.
Males are typically ten to fifteen pounds heavier than females.
Males are typically twice the size of females, but both sexes undergo periodic weight fluctuations.
Males are Ugly due to facial scarring.
Males are unable to disengage until mating is finished.
Males are unknown and reproduction is by parthenogenesis.
Males are unknown, all reproduction occurring by parthenogenesis.
Males are unknown.
Males are up to four times more likely to suffer from the condition than females.
Males are usually a little bigger than females.
Males are usually about a third larger than females.
Males are usually about seventeen percent larger than females.
Males are usually about twice as large as the females.
Males are usually alone or in bachelor groups.
Males are usually alone or with small groups of other males.
Males are usually are bigger than females.
Males are usually around fifteen per cent larger than females.
Males are usually bigger and heavier.
Males are usually bigger than females.
Males are usually caregivers for older boys though.
Males are usually considerably bigger than females with broader heads and flatter crowns.
Males are usually darker in color than females.
Males are usually darker than females.
Males are usually darker with greyish brown wings.
Males are usually darker.
Males are usually dominant over females.
Males are usually heavier than females, but the difference is often indistiguishable.
Males are usually in more demand than females, and there are always children waiting for a match.
Males are usually incapable of breeding until their second year.
Males are usually infertile.
Males are usually larger and have a red mark on the side of their cap.
Males are usually larger and have broader heads than females.
Males are usually larger and have some sort of mane.
Males are usually larger and heavier than females.
Males are usually larger and longer necked.
Males are usually larger and physically dominant over females.
Males are usually larger and stouter than females.
Males are usually larger than females and have a dew lap, or throat fan.
Males are usually larger than females and have relatively longer tails.
Males are usually larger than females by as much as twenty-five percent.
Males are usually larger than females, and females always spawn with the largest male.
Males are usually larger than females.
Males are usually larger than the females.
Males are usually larger.
Males are usually less than an inch long with wings extending beyond the tip of the abdomen.
Males are usually longer than females.
Males are usually monogamous, but polygyny does occur.
Males are usually more abundant and active than females.
Males are usually more available and younger, as some females are bred after failing at the track.
Males are usually more readily available and make wonderful, affectionate pets.
Males are usually more severely affected than females.
Males are usually more slender and have a longer tail.
Males are usually much smaller than females and have bent tail to hold the female while copulation.
Males are usually pale red to brick red but blue-grey males occur.
Males are usually polygamous and solitary.
Males are usually ready to be neutered at about nine months.
Males are usually six to eight weeks old before mature sperm are produced.
Males are usually slightly larger than females but otherwise the sexes are indis- tinguishable.
Males are usually slightly larger than females.
Males are usually slightly larger than the females.
Males are usually slightly more colorful than females, and colors vary by region.
Males are usually smaller and color-marked differently than females.
Males are usually smaller in both body and head size, while the females are large.
Males are usually smaller than female crabs.
Males are usually smaller than females and have elongated, curved claws.
Males are usually smaller than females and have yellow or greenish-yellow throats.
Males are usually smaller than females, with relatively longer legs.
Males are usually smaller than females.
Males are usually solitary and non territorial, occasionally forming small groups.
Males are usually solitary by nature.
Males are usually solitary.
Males are usually somewhat bigger and heavier than females.
Males are usually symptomatic and develop an acute urethritis.
Males are usually taller than females.
Males are usually territorial, typically mating with several females in an area that they defend.
Males are usually the dominant figure when raising the young.
Males are usually the first bears to emerge, and females with new cubs the last.
Males are usually the more aggressive pullers while the females have greater endurance.
Males are usually the vocal ones as well.
Males are usually thin in appearance.
Males are usually twice as large as females.
Males are usually winged which allows for distribution of populations.
Males are usually yellow.
Males are vastly more likely to be violent criminals than females.
Males are very aggressive during mating season.
Males are very colorful, with iridescent green-blue or purple heads and necks.
Males are very different in appearance and behavior from females.
Males are very interested in the condition of the genitals of each female they encounter.
Males are very possessive of females during the mating season.
Males are very protective of their harem.
Males are very rare or unknown for some species.
Males are very rare.
Males are very similar to the second stage nymph.
Males are very territorial when it comes to mating.
Males are very territorial, or protective of their living areas.
Males are very tolerant of infants, which they carefully guard from danger.
Males are very vocal during the breeding season, singing boldly from open areas or elevated perches.
Males are visibly larger than females.
Males are visual creatures and having a body in good shape is an attractive asset at any age.
Males are vocal all night long, if temperatures are above freezing.
Males are warlocks and can cast spells from a limited number of wizard schools.
Males are welcome in our lobby.
Males are white.
Males are winged .
Males are winged and search out females.
Males are winged.
Males are wingless and exceedingly rare.
Males are wingless, and the larvae resemble adults but have no wings and are smaller.
Males are worse off.
Males are yellow or yellow-orange with black tiger stripes.
Males are yellow with faint bars crossing the body vertically.
Males are yellowish in color and females are brownish.
Males are yellowish to bright red, with dark brown streaks on their sides and bellies.
Males are yellowish-brown to reddish brown and winged.
Males are, on average, larger than females.
Males are, on average, one-third larger than females.
Males arrive a few days before females, but pairs are known to return together.
Males arrive at the breeding area in spring and establish a territory before the females arrive.
Males arrive at the breeding area in the spring and establish a territory before the females arrive.
Males arrive at the breeding grounds very early in the spring.
Males arrive at the breeding pond first and begin a chorus of croaking.
Males arrive at the pond a few days before the females.
Males arrive at the pond before the females, who wait for more consistent weather before moving.
Males arrive before females after migration and begin defending territories.
Males arrive before females.
Males arrive first and begin the building of the nest, where they display to attract females.
Males arrive first and establish a territory by posturing and fighting with other males.
Males arrive first.
Males arrive in breeding sites before females, and establish their territory .
Males arrive in the colonies before the females and fight for control of harems.
Males arrive on breeding grounds in the spring a few days before females.
Males arrive on the rookeries and maintain breeding territories.
Males arrive on the spawning grounds first, followed by egg-laden females.
Males arrive on the spawning grounds first, followed closely by the females.
Males arrive on the spawning grounds first.
Males arrive prior to the females, preparing and settling into their old nests.
Males arrive shortly before females, ready to attract a mate with displays and courtship calls.
Males arrive to the breeding area about two weeks before the females.
Males arrive within a few days of ice out and females follow a few days or a week later.
Males assist females in nest building and food procurement.
Males assist in building nest.
Males assist in building the nest.
Males attach themselves to the backs of females when the female's eggs are mature.
Males attack fish predators but allow sea urchins, sunflower stars and snails to feed on the eggs.
Males attain their definitive plumage at around three years.
Males attain their full coloration when they are sexually mature.
Males attempt amplexus with anything they get a hold of.
Males attempt to attract females with courtship displays.
Males attempt to guard the nest until the eggs have hatched and guard the fry until they disperse.
Males attempt to outrace competitors for access to receptive females.
Males attend the young until they fledge, which takes about a month.
Males attract dowries when they marry and are seen as an economic asset.
Males attract female mates by singing and chasing the females.
Males attract females by a quiet chirping, rather in the manner of a cricket.
Males attract females by making a chirping sound.
Males attract females by making singing noises that sounds like chirping.
Males attract females by performing a courtship ritual.
Males attract females by singing and showing off.
Males attract females by spreading their frill.
Males attract females through vocal calls.
Males attract females to their burrows through a number of courtship behaviors.
Males attract females to their nest site by perching at the entrance and giving a tooting call.
Males attract females up to a mile or more away with their two toned mating call.
Males attract females using a series of calls.
Males attract mates by constructing specially-shaped tunnels in which they sing.
Males attracting a mate give the advertisement call and high-intensity advertisement call.
Males attribute more pleasure to victims than do females.
Males average nearly three pounds, females about two pounds.
Males average slightly larger than females, and have a heavier head and bill.
Males avoid each other in their use of overlapping ranges.
Males back is long, straight and wider than in females.
Males bark incessantly when defending their established territories.
Males bask on higher sites than females and juveniles.
Males battle each other for mating dominance.
Males battle each other to get to the females.
Males battle furiously for females.
Males bear a notch near the tip of the fifth walking leg.
Males bear large, impressive antlers with six or more tines branching from two heavy central beams.
Males become active before females and remain active longer.
Males become active earlier than females.
Males become aggressive toward each other during rut.
Males become black with broad white margins to dorsal, caudal and in some also anal fin.
Males become brightly colored and aggressive during spawning.
Males become brilliantly colored and perform elaborate dances while courting females.
Males become enclosed in a papery covering as they mature.
Males become greyer with age and their necks darker in the breeding season.
Males become highly aggressive during the period when they search for mates.
Males become mature before the females.
Males become mature when they reach five years.
Males become men by supporting their children.
Males become more solitary after they mature and join groups during the mating season.
Males become quite aggressive during breeding season as they compete for females.
Males become reproductive at smaller branch sizes than females.
Males become sexually mature after two years.
Males become sexually mature and fully grown at the age of fifteen.
Males become sexually mature at four years old.
Males become sexually mature at three years of age, females at four.
Males become sexually mature when they are three years old.
Males become strongly territorial during the breeding season.
Males become very aggressive and try to drive away other hummingbirds.
Males become very dark, almost black as they grow.
Males begin building the nest by filling the nest cavity with small sticks.
Males begin having erections in the womb, during the fetal stage.
Males begin hibernating first, while females that have reproduced start later.
Males begin much as females but pupate at the end of the developmental period.
Males begin singing within one to two days of their arrival on the breeding grounds.
Males begin spending much time on prospective nesting territory.
Males begin their courtship display usually a half hour after sunset and just before dawn.
Males begin their mating calls by perching above ground level.
Males begin their mating calls twenty minutes before sunset while still in their burrows.
Males begin to breed at three to four years of age.
Males begin to develop a concave plastron near the tail.
Males begin to emerge before females.
Males begin to sing at dawn and dusk a few days after their arrival at breeding grounds.
Males begin to sing with a shrill buzzing noise to attract females.
Males begin trying to attract a mate in late winter.
Males benefit from neutering by eliminating spraying and hormone-related aggression.
Males benefit from women's household labor.
Males bite the back of females while mating and can rip skin and blubber.
Males born on the secondary hosts migrate and the sexual generation is produced.
Males brandish large black horns just behind the head and exhibit hairy antennae.
Males breed for the first time when they are two years old.
Males breed repeatedly.
Males breed with more than one female.
Males bring back more garbage.
Males bring food for the females during the incubation period.
Males bring food to incubating females.
Males bring food to the females during the incubation period.
Males bring food to the nest and females feed the young.
Males bring twigs, forb stems, grass tufts, torn palm leaves and rootlets.
Males build a nest of algae and care alone for the eggs until they hatch.
Males build and guard nests in colonies.
Males build and guard small, round nests.
Males build bubble nests of various sizes and thicknesses at the surface of the water.
Males build multiple nests within the territory, but females select the final nest site.
Males build nests which are saucer-shaped depressions in the lake or stream bottom.
Males build several nests.
Males build the nest.
Males build the nests and provide most of the food for the nestlings.
Males build their nests in warm, shallow water.
Males bump a female to initiate mating , and then deposit a spermatophore on the lake bottom .
Males bump a female to initiate mating, and then deposit a spermatophore on the lake bottom.
Males burn themselves out quickly from the exertion of fighting in the aerial swarm.
Males call all year round.
Males call and display to announce they have territory and to attract mates.
Males call both day and night usually as they lie floating at the water surface.
Males call day and night from the bank or from mats of floating vegetation.
Males call females from long distances in the night.
Males call from a breeding site in shallow water where females then lay their eggs, one at a time.
Males call from grass-bordered pools.
Males call from high above the ground on vegetation along streams.
Males call from pools of water.
Males call from shallow ponds and seepages in peaty swamps.
Males call from the edge of a water source.
Males call generally from the water.
Males call just before dark.
Males call loudly, like a domestic rooster, to attract mates and define territories.
Males call more often than the females, and pairs sometimes duet.
Males call night and day.
Males call to attract females by distorting a sound-making organ.
Males call to possible mates, and mate with more than one female.
Males call underwater with clicking.
Males call while floating in water with forelimbs resting on a stem or twig.
Males call while floating in water with their forelimbs resting on a stem or twig.
Males call while floating or sitting in water.
Males can accelerate puberty in prepubescent females.
Males can also become quite yellow.
Males can also carry the fungus, though they usually experience no symptoms.
Males can also discriminate among the hisses of familiar males and strangers.
Males can also fight, but in general males are less likely to fight than females are.
Males can also get breast cancer.
Males can also inflate their nasal septum and blow it out through the nose like a red balloon.
Males can also pull their testicles in to their abdomen.
Males can also urinate before and after intercourse.
Males can also use particular behaviours or structures to manipulate how females use sperm.
Males can apply for one of the five double rooms downstairs.
Males can apply for one of the three double rooms on the East side.
Males can be a strong brick-red colour or a pale red.
Males can be aggressive and fighting is part of their courtship behavior.
Males can be aggressive towards hens.
Males can be aggressive with other males on what they view of their territory.
Males can be aggressive with other males, particularly if a bitch in heat is in the vicinity.
Males can be almost twice as heavy as the smallest females.
Males can be choosier than females.
Males can be double of the size of the females.
Males can be either black or orange.
Males can be entirely black.
Males can be four times as massive as females.
Males can be more nippy and aggressive than females.
Males can be much more aggressive and dominant than females.
Males can be polygamous with more than one mate.
Males can be proportionately larger than females, and have male characteristics such as jowls.
Males can be territorial and chase other males away.
Males can be territorial, and usually do better kept separate from other males.
Males can be twelve centimeters wide across the back.
Males can be twice as big as females.
Males can be twice the size of females, suggesting selection for bigger males.
Males can be up to four feet tall.
Males can be up to three times heavier than females.
Males can be very aggressive against predators and other geese during the mating season.
Males can be very aggressive.
Males can be very competitive when it comes to getting the attention of females.
Males can be very dangerous if wounded or hunted and have been known to kill humans and leopard.
Males can be very dominant.
Males can be victims of rape.
Males can be victims, too, though abusive females are less likely to become physically assaultive.
Males can be whole or castrated.
Males can become aggressive during the rut.
Males can become aggressive, territorial and frustrated.
Males can become almost twice as large as females and have large, sharp canine teeth.
Males can become very aggressive with each other in their quest to be able to mate with a female.
Males can become violent within their territories if a lesser male infringes on a female in heat.
Males can breed before reaching legal size in North Pacific fishery.
Males can breed with more than one female.
Males can breed with multiple females and females can breed with multiple males.
Males can compete by trying to outrace rivals to females.
Males can cruise from flower to flower looking for receptive females along the way.
Males can develop decrease in libido and impotence.
Males can develop problems with the prostate gland.
Males can develop sharp teeth called fighting teeth in their third year.
Males can easily father kittens from as young as five months, to over ten years.
Males can experience harassment.
Males can express their feelings well and are more nurturant than once thought possible.
Males can fertilize hermaphrodites.
Males can fly for miles to reach a female.
Males can fly.
Males can gain an advantage by sowing their seeds far and wide.
Males can get in.
Males can get seriously injured and carry scars for the rest of their lives.
Males can grow to nearly five and a half metres tall , and females to nearly five metres tall .
Males can grow to nearly five and a half metres tall, and females to nearly five metres tall.
Males can grow to six feet tall with a ten feet wing span.
Males can grow up to approx.
Males can grow up to larger than females.
Males can have a noticeable dewlap that is pink when displayed.
Males can have erections while still in the uterus, and some boys are born with an erection.
Males can have troubles due to an enlarged prostate.
Males can have two large spurs, and the head of the male is larger than the female's.
Males can horizontally transmit dengue to females during mating.
Males can literally fly themselves to death looking for mating partners that aren t really there.
Males can live in cages with one square foot of floor space all their lives.
Males can mate at eight months and females at six months.
Males can mate every year, but females breed every two to five years.
Males can mate every year.
Males can occupy areas greater than two square miles.
Males can probably reproduce after three years of age while females reproduce after four.
Males can produce a song to attract females by rubbing their legs to their wings.
Males can protect their testicles by wearing athletic cups during sports.
Males can provide care to female while courting and brooding and to young.
Males can reproduce each year, and females reproduce on average only once every four years.
Males can run females thin.
Males can sing for a half an hour at a time.
Males can sometimes act aggressively toward the young.
Males can sometimes be aggressive towards their keepers.
Males can spawn with more than one female in the same egg mass.
Males can spread their genes far and wide.
Males can stand up to two meters tall.
Males can stay in one territory for as long as two weeks.
Males can successfully incubate and raise a brood without help from a hen.
Males can swim in a crude, undulatory manner.
Males can the urinate with getting the garment wet.
Males can then mate again and care for the young of the new female.
Males can utter a harsh chattering squeak when arguing with other males.
Males can weigh more than a ton and, when captured, are known to be belligerent.
Males can weigh up to one ton.
Males care for the first brood while the females are incubating a second clutch in a new nest.
Males carry a higher percentage of water than females, because male bodies have more muscle.
Males carry a higher percentage of water than females, because males bodies are more muscle.
Males carry more coat than females.
Males carry noticeable more than females.
Males carry noticeably more than females.
Males carry the tip of the abdomen curled up over the dorsal side like a scorpion but are harmless.
Males carry the young.
Males carrying the altered gene are likely to be affected.
Males catch most of the food for the brooding female and, later, for the developing young.
Males cause most violence, although nationwide trends show that violence among girls is increasing.
Males change their songs as the months pass.
Males characteristically dig rutting pits as the breeding season approaches.
Males chase away their rivals and engage in combat.
Males chase each other to establish dominance.
Males chase other males that intrude in their territory and females chase other females.
Males chase the females for several days before spawning occures.
Males chase the females to find out if they are in estrus .
Males chase the females to find out if they are in estrus.
Males chirp in order to let the females know where they are located.
Males chirp to attract females and to warn other males away.
Males choose a place to nest that is dry and has short grass.
Males choose a territory and then try to attract a female to mate there.
Males choose nesting sites and supply females with the materials to build the nest.
Males claim a territory by singing in it, which tells other males to stay away.
Males claim the same territory and await the female s return.
Males claim the same territory and await the female's return.
Males clash their antlers with other males for the right to mate.
Males clear out a nesting area among heavy aquatic vegetation.
Males cluster in groups and produce loud choruses to attract females to mate with.
Males coat themselves with white waxy powder, a characteristic easily seen in the field.
Males coil their tails as a sexual display previous to copulation.
Males collect a strong scent to show females how fit they are.
Males come and go as they move through the population during their life.
Males come and go from groups.
Males come before females, and older children come before younger children.
Males come freely to light.
Males come in for a number of reasons, such as study skills and parenting skills.
Males come into season from one to three times a year, each time for several weeks.
Males come out from hibernation before the females.
Males come to the soil surface after dark before females emerge.
Males commit crimes more frequently and have longer delinquent careers than females.
Males commit it at four times the rate of females.
Males commit the majority of violent crimes.
Males commonly fight for females, with the larger one usually winning.
Males commonly use fence posts as perches while singing.
Males communicate to females their intent and identity in a variety of ways.
Males communicate using high-pitched whistles and females make a lower honking sound.
Males compensate females for romantic favors.
Males compete against each other for females' attention.
Males compete against each other for reproductive territorial space.
Males compete against each other for the attention of females because they are a limited resource.
Males compete aggressively for receptive females, biting and scratching each other.
Males compete aggressively to be the only dominant male in the group.
Males compete fiercely for the ability to breed with prides of females.
Males compete fiercely with each other for access to estrous females.
Males compete for access to a mate.
Males compete for access to dense vegetation around water.
Males compete for access to females during the fall breeding season, or rut.
Males compete for access to receptive females, often violently.
Males compete for access to sexually receptive females.
Males compete for breeding rights, females select the best available male.
Males compete for females by ramming their horns with amazing force.
Males compete for females through combat sessions.
Males compete for mates by display and occasional battle.
Males compete for nest sites within the colony.
Males compete for rank, which is influenced greatly by rank of mother.
Males compete for receptive cows.
Males compete for territories and mates in the fall.
Males compete for the attention of females by displaying physical characteristics or behaviors.
Males compete for the opportunity to mate with females by striking each other with their heads.
Males compete for their territories during the rut.
Males compete to become top dog, or at least to become middle dogs.
Males compete to establish territory in the shallow water.
Males compete to monopolize females by defending a stretch of river or lake shore.
Males compete to spawn with the female.
Males compete with each other for breeding opportunities and seek females each year.
Males compete with each other to establish dominance and get opportunity to mate.
Males compete with one another for access to the female.
Males compete with one another for the opportunity to mate with the estrous female.
Males compete with one another in early spring and summer for control of a group of mature females.
Males compete with other males for chances to spawn with females.
Males compete, often fiercely, for females.
Males comprise a higher percentage of online students than they do for other classes.
Males confront ongoing harassment and discrimination.
Males congregate to form loud mating choruses that can be deafening.
Males connect through sex.
Males consistently exhibit shorter patch residence times than do females.
Males consistently experience more injuries than females.
Males consistently outscore females on objective science items at all grade levels.
Males consistently outscore females on objective social studies items at all grade levels.
Males consistently report exercising or participating in sports more often than females.
Males consistently stop less at stop signs than females, especially at night.
Males consistently use more violent suicide methods.
Males constitute the highest number and proportion of suicides, both nationally and in Connecticut.
Males construct and guard nests, usually in colonies with other males.
Males construct more extensive tunnel systems than females.
Males construct nests in shallow waters over variable substrates.
Males construct nests in stream gravel by carrying stones in their mouths.
Males construct saucer-shaped nests in shallow water areas with sand or gravel bottoms.
Males contain an x chromosome and a y chromosome, whereas women contain two x chromosomes.
Males continue to compete for mates until they die.
Males continue to defend the nest after the eggs hatch.
Males continue to grow until about eight years of age.
Males continue to grow until the eleventh year.
Males continue to molt and grow after they reach sexual maturity.
Males continue to produce spermatozoa throughout life.
Males continuously challenge each other and fight for social dominance, using their necks and teeth.
Males contract the disease nearly two and a half times more often than females.
Males contribute little or no part in raising cubs.
Males contribute more than just DNA to the zygote.
Males contribute sperm and their job is done.
Males control access to females indirectly by monopolizing critical resources.
Males control access to multiple females.
Males control the sex of the offspring.
Males copulate with as many women as often as they can.
Males copulate with females during infertile cycles as well as during fertile cycles.
Males court the females with aerobatic flights and repeated calls.
Males court the females with unusual displays of bows, wing flapping and strange gurgle-like calls.
Males court two to twelve females.
Males create and guard the nests but they also eat the eggs.
Males create male-centered products, often without even realizing it.
Males create the software and males use the software, for the most part.
Males croak and call to attract females.
Males curve around the female and release milt.
Males dart out from cover, align with the female, vibrate, spawn and then return to cover.
Males decide ranking by their sparring within the nursery group.
Males decidedly masculine without coarseness.
Males defend a territory during the breeding season.
Males defend areas around themselves for sexual display during the breeding season.
Males defend breeding territories of two to six acres.
Males defend group territories by being very vocal and aggressive toward potential competitors.
Males defend groups of females from other males.
Males defend large spawning beds.
Males defend mating territories during the three-month annual breeding season.
Males defend resources, which females seek out.
Males defend rutting territories and attempt to attract females by vocal and olfactory displays.
Males defend small areas around themselves during the breeding period.
Males defend territories against males of any damselfly species.
Males defend territories for an average of two years.
Males defend territories from other males.
Males defend territories.
Males defend territory, and females defend the immediate area around the nest-site.
Males defend the area in and around nesting cavities.
Males defend the higher ranking females more fiercely than other females in the group.
Males defend the nest sites and females affix eggs to the substrate for fertilization.
Males defend the nest while building it and become very angry when something gets too close .
Males defend the nest while building it and become very angry when something gets too close.
Males defend the pride's territory.
Males defend the territory.
Males defend their territories from other adult males.
Males defend their territories from other male prairie chickens.
Males defend their territories with a variety of actions.
Males defend their territory using a nasty neignbour strategy.
Males defend their troops from other groups and are vigilant against predators.
Males define their territory with hoarse vocalizations.
Males describe their phones as status symbols and symbols of belonging.
Males detect estrus females by smelling urine markings within their territory.
Males determine sex.
Males develop a hollow bulbous nasal protuberance at the tip of the snout upon sexual maturity.
Males develop a hooked snout and large teeth.
Males develop a large lump, curled snout, and prominent teeth.
Males develop a little faster than females.
Males develop a more fawn-orange coat on their underside during the breeding season.
Males develop a pronounced hump, which is why they are also called humpback or humpy.
Males develop a pronounced hump.
Males develop a rough and scraggy mane, usually brown in colour, and a white dorsal stripe.
Males develop a silver back as they mature.
Males develop a striking black and white plumage while females continue to have a brown plumage.
Males develop an orange tint during spawning.
Males develop blindness at an early age.
Males develop bright reddish-orange coloring on the head during the breeding season.
Males develop enlarged nasal knobs, but so do some females.
Males develop hooked noses, or kype, in order to fight for dominance.
Males develop hooked snouts.
Males develop hydro-testes caused by sperm retention cysts in the efferent duct.
Males develop it more than females.
Males develop large jowls and tend to be the largest and the most brightly colored.
Males develop long fierce-looking canine teeth and can no longer close their mouths.
Males develop longer more heavily muscled areas and broader shoulders.
Males develop manes along upper and lower neck, belly, and ridge line of their backs.
Males develop ornaments on their first dorsal fins that are thought to be be egg mimics.
Males develop proportionately much larger shoulders and arms than females.
Males develop pterygia or pinguecula approximately three times more often than females.
Males develop such a sharply hooked nose that their large dog-like teeth become totally exposed.
Males develop their own distinct brain circuitry only after being bathed with testosterone.
Males die after mating.
Males die shortly after mating, living only a few days to weeks as adults.
Males die shortly after mating.
Males die shortly afterwards.
Males die soon after copulation and the females die shortly after the completion of oviposition.
Males die soon after mating with one or more females and females die soon after laying eggs.
Males die soon after mating with the females, who go on to found new colonies.
Males die soon after mating, females after they have laid their eggs.
Males die soon after mating.
Males die soon afterward, but the females fly off and settle elsewhere.
Males die soon afterwards.
Males die within a few months after mating.
Males die within a few months of mating.
Males die, and females establish a new colony.
Males differ from females in that they have feathery antennae and drink nectar for food.
Males differ from male velvet-ants in being larger, less hairy, and darker in colour.
Males dig gravel pits and defend their nests aggressively during breeding season.
Males dig up females detected by sound.
Males disappear before moulting begins to an unknown moulting ground.
Males disperse from their natal groups, and females are philopatric .
Males disperse from their natal groups.
Males disperse from their natal site and seek out females with whom they can associate.
Males disperse greater distances.
Males disperse into bachelor groups, becoming more solitary toward maturity.
Males display a large broad chest gland which is employed for scent marking trees.
Males display a seasonal reproductive cycle which correlates with a winter estrus in females.
Males display an inflated red throat sac during courting.
Males display at a communal breeding area.
Males display at nest ledges to attract females and advertise ownership to other falcons.
Males display by swaying back and forth, and raising their wings, while sidling along a branch.
Males display communally in high treetops.
Males display dark brown plumage while they are young but it gets whiter as they grow older.
Males display during the breeding season at a lek in a traditional open grassy arena.
Males display noisy flights to claim a territory.
Males display on dancing grounds known as leks.
Males display then eventually choose a mate.
Males display to other males with their horns, body movements, tongue or lips.
Males display using the head crest and the bright colours of the pouch.
Males display various coloration patterns.
Males display with vigorous head-bobs and flared dewlaps.
Males do a dance to attract females.
Males do appear to stabilize the environment by repelling transient male pumas.
Males do best by mating with as many females as possible.
Males do compete over boundaries by fluttering their wings.
Males do continue to dominate some fields of study, but to a far lesser degree than previously.
Males do get a little larger and can be somewhat more active.
Males do have a higher pattern of income.
Males do mature earlier than females but breeding young males is sometimes problematic.
Males do most of the incubating.
Males do most of the singing.
Males do most of the twig gathering, carrying the sticks to the females in their bills.
Males do most of the wooing, starting with the crustacean equivalent of perfume.
Males do most of the work.
Males do occasionally crop up, and are often sterile.
Males do their singing from grass and brush near ponds and rivers.
Males do use the horns in combat.
Males do, however, excel in mathematical problem solving ability.
Males dominate all games, for that matter, as they are more oriented towards game play.
Males dominate most industries in Wyoming.
Males dominate the field, which then provides greater opportunities for females.
Males drive more aggressively than females.
Males drum each spring to attract a mate and proclaim a territory.
Males drum on trees and make noise by leaf clipping as means of asserting themselves.
Males drum on various substrata to call mates.
Males drum or peck on the side of homes, drumming to proclaim their territory.
Males duel each other with the winner claiming steed rights for the whole herd.
Males eat more rabbits than females.
Males eat nectar in flowers.
Males eat the prey first despite the females usually catching it.
Males emerge a few days before the females.
Males emerge a week or more earlier than females.
Males emerge about the same time as small fly-like insects which mate with females and then die.
Males emerge and mate at petal fall.
Males emerge and mate with females.
Males emerge and quickly change from a dun to a spinner.
Males emerge before females, but both have remarkably short lifespans.
Males emerge before females.
Males emerge earlier than females each spring.
Males emerge earlier than females.
Males emerge first and females follow, breed, and leave the ponds during or after the first night.
Males emerge first followed by females several days later.
Males emerge first in the spring followed one or two weeks later by the females.
Males emerge first, and females with cubs last.
Males emerge first, mate with the females, and cut exit holes through the walls of the fig.
Males emerge first.
Males emerge from hibernation first in early spring, and begin to search for females.
Males emerge from the male armor and seek females with which to mate.
Males emerge from the waxy scale covering as small, two winged individuals.
Males emerge from their dens first each season and females with cubs emerge last.
Males emerge one or two days earlier than females.
Males emerge with regressed testes and low androgen levels.
Males emigrate from their natal group shortly before adolescence.
Males emigrate from their natal group.
Males emit a distinctive mating call which increases in volume as they age or become more dominant.
Males emit a musky odour from the chin area to attract females.
Males emit audible social calls and lift one folded forearm as a threatening gesture.
Males emit loud, double-note advertisement calls from elevated perches in their territories.
Males employ a diverse array of tactics to increase their success in sperm competition .
Males employ artful illusions and blatant cheating to trick the competition and beguile the female.
Males employ head bobbing and dewlap extension in courtship.
Males employ several methods to protect their sperm from other males.
Males end up mating more than one female.
Males engage in a ritual combat to mate with females.
Males engage in communal mating displays to attract females.
Males engage in dominance wrestling matches for the right to mate with receptive females.
Males engage in 'ritual combat' with other males for control of territory.
Males engage in sexual displays on the ground.
Males engage in shoving matches with rival males using the gular shield.
Males engage in true lek territoriality, gathering each morning at traditional locations.
Males engage in tusk-threat displays to establish dominance.
Males engage in war significantly more often than do females.
Males enter hibernation first.
Males establish a territory and attract a female through vocalizations and displays.
Males establish a territory and attract females.
Males establish a territory, which they aggressively defend.
Males establish and defend small territories that overlap with ranges of many females.
Males establish and protect their courtship territory.
Males establish dominance by open-mouth threats and vocalizations, pushing, and shoving.
Males establish dominance through stares, gestures, vocalizations, and physical combat.
Males establish hierarchy based on outcome of competitive interaction.
Males establish territories and attract females through song and display.
Males establish territories that they defend.
Males establish territories, and during breeding season they actively exclude other mature males.
Males establish territories, and females are mated when they enter the territories.
Males establish territories.
Males establish their territories approximately two to four weeks before females arrive.
Males eventually develop slightly concave plastrons and have longer, thicker tails than females.
Males eventually leave their webs to find females for mating.
Males eventually peel away from the pod, sometimes joining bachelor groups for while.
Males excavate a large nest chamber beneath a rock in preparation for breeding.
Males exclude one another from territory containing females, while females protect nesting burrows.
Males exhibit a smooth, even curvature throughout the entire length of the horn.
Males exhibit a unique pattern of mounting during copulatory behavior.
Males exhibit any large canine-like teeth.
Males exhibit characteristic courting behaviour to induce females to release eggs.
Males exhibit distinctive whistles, while females typically vocalize through a series of quacks.
Males exhibit many large canine teeth.
Males exhibit many large, canine teeth.
Males exist merely so that females can reproduce themselves.
Males experience a similar puberty crisis as well.
Males experience shrinking testicles, painful enlarged breasts, and decreased sperm count.
Males experience testicular shrinkage, breast development, and decreased sperm count.
Males exposed to phthalates also show an epididymis that is three times smaller than normal.
Males express grasping behaviors during the event of copulation with a desired female.
Males express their calling behavior on a daily basis in a predictable rhythm.
Males extend their ranges during the breeding season, in their search for females.
Males extensively take part in the caring of young which is unique among the macaques.
Males externally fertilize eggs, which the females scatter over macrophytes in a very active manner.
Males fan their feathers, strut while popping air sacs in their chests.
Males fare better than females.
Males feature one tremendously enlarged claw, either right or left.
Males feature red facial skin patches, or caruncles, and a crested head.
Males feed females while the females excavate nest cavities.
Males feed mainly on nectar.
Males feed more often before fledging, females feed chicks more after fledging.
Males feed more on small branches and weed stems, and females feed on larger branches and trunks.
Males feed on juices and nectar from flowers and fruit.
Males feed on juices and nectar only.
Males feed on nectar and other plant juices.
Males feed on nectar and pollen.
Males feed on plant nectar.
Males feed on the ground and females and young climb in to trees to eat.
Males feed only intermittently.
Males feed primarily on the ground, while females and young climb to the canopy to feed.
Males feed the females during incubation.
Males feed the females during the nest building and the egg laying process.
Males feed young.
Males feel mating urge during late autumn.
Males feel odd about having a daily routine, whereas women are conditioned to 'cleanse and tone'.
Males fertilise the eggs.
Males fertilize eggs as they are released.
Males fertilize eggs externally.
Males fertilize female plants by wind pollination.
Males fertilize the demersal egg clusters and remain over the nests to guard and aerate the eggs.
Males fertilize the eggs and remain in the immediate area to defend the eggs from predators.
Males fertilize the eggs as they are produced by the females.
Males fertilize the eggs externally.
Males fertilize the eggs, which females then bury and guard.
Males fertilize the eggs.
Males fiercely compete for breeding rights.
Males fiercely defend their mates.
Males fiercely defend their territory by marking it with scent from their anal gland.
Males fight a great deal by engaging in neck or head slamming.
Males fight amongst each other - anything to attract attention from the females.
Males fight bitterly for control over a stretch of land.
Males fight by ramming each other with their mouths open.
Males fight each other for dominance, with the dominant male earning mating rites to the female.
Males fight each other savagely to get females, occasionally killing one another.
Males fight each other to establish dominance hierarchy and mating priority.
Males fight for access to estrous females.
Males fight for access to females by biting, kicking, and boxing.
Males fight for access to females.
Males fight for access to mates, both through scent marking and actual physical contact.
Males fight for access to receptive females.
Males fight for choice mating dens.
Males fight for dominance by lowering their head and pushing against each other with their horns.
Males fight for dominance over a harem of females, is the elephant seal.
Males fight for dominance with razor sharp lower incisors, rather than their horns.
Males fight for dominance, sometimes interlocking horns to the point of entanglement.
Males fight for females and dominance is usually due to size, fighting ability, and temperament.
Males fight for females by butting heads, crashing horns Both males and females have horns all year.
Males fight for females by locking antlers and shoving.
Males fight for females during mating season by butting heads.
Males fight for possession of females, wrestling with their heads and necks.
Males fight for prime calling sites, defending the territory they claim.
Males fight for receptive females.
Males fight for territory and mating partners.
Males fight for the affections of females.
Males fight for the female.
Males fight for their property rights.
Males fight for their territories.
Males fight in summer to establish hierarchy ranking, thus very little sparring during the rut.
Males fight less and shouldn t mark their territory.
Males fight often over females during breeding season.
Males fight one another for the females, and then guard their partners to prevent female infidelity.
Males fight one another.
Males fight other male rivals for a mate.
Males fight other males in the spring for access to females.
Males fight other males, mainly over territory.
Males fight over females with their antlers.
Males fight over females with their wings and bills.
Males fight over real-estate because females prefer males with high quality territories .
Males fight over receptive females.
Males fight over small territories known as leks and then mate with several females.
Males fight to defend a mating resource.
Males fight to establish dominance and get opportunity to mate.
Males fight to lead a harem , b ut it is the females that initiate mating.
Males fight vigorously for access to females.
Males fight violently over females.
Males fight with each other to mate with their females.
Males fight with each other, using the pincers to pick up and slam the opponent onto the ground.
Males fight with frontal contact using razor sharp tusks.
Males find a large rock and burrow a saucer-shaped indention beneath the rock.
Males find and defend their territory by singing and chasing others away.
Males find carcasses at night, soon after it is dark.
Males find most of the building materials for the nest, but females coordinate the building.
Males first emerge from their dens and wait.
Males first spin a small 'sperm web', in which they put a small amount of semen on.
Males fit the model of bitches.
Males flare at each other.
Males fledge earlier and become independent sooner than their female siblings.
Males flicker a unique pattern, and females of their species make a coded response.
Males float patiently near the ice floes, waiting for females to make up their minds and jump in.
Males fly above the ground in order to attract the attention of the females below.
Males fly around advertising their identity to females in the grass below.
Males fly around flashing their light off and on trying to attract a female.
Males fly around following the scent released by females hoping to mate.
Males fly at anything that enters their territory to see if it is a female.
Males fly from their nests on warm nights in late summer and seek out nests with virgin queens.
Males fly in a characteristic zigzag pattern.
Males fly in fast spirals when pursuing a potential mate.
Males fly in search of virgin female moths with whom they mate.
Males fly to lights at night.
Males fly up and down in the swarm and mating takes place in flight.
Males fly very well and mature far more quickly than females.
Males follow and mate with the females, and eggs are deposited in the galleries.
Males follow female groups passing or grazing in their territory.
Males follow females at close quarters.
Males follow females prior to estrus, smelling the perineal region.
Males follow scent trails to find reproductively active females.
Males follow the female's scent trails.
Males forage more widely and more to the south than females, who prefer northern waters.
Males forage over floodplain ridges and hillside forests and usually roost in caves.
Males form a bachelor group.
Males form a distinct social hierarchy with high levels of both competition and association.
Males form aggregates in neutral locations devoid any resources valuable to females.
Males form bachelor herds and become solitary as they mature.
Males form border patrols, frequently visiting the boundary of their range.
Males form chorusing centers of great aggregations.
Males form coalitions against the larger females.
Males form giant mating swarms just before sunset.
Males form groups of their own.
Males form mating swarms and females oviposit on almost any moist surface.
Males form separate bachelor herds.
Males form short-lived swarms in low light conditions that are easily disrupted by wind.
Males form small bachelor herds.
Males form smaller bachelor colonies.
Males form smaller groups, which occupy typical day and night roosts.
Males form swarms where they capture females for mating.
Males formed are winged swarmers.
Males gain access to burrow systems only through contest competition.
Males gather and await the emergence of the females from their pupae.
Males gather in a post-breeding flock and molt before the fall migration.
Males gather in the rainforest understory in confined courtship areas called concentrated leks.
Males gather on the rookeries at breeding time to establish and def ined territories.
Males generally are larger than females.
Males generally are ready to spawn a few weeks before the females are each year.
Males generally arrive at breeding areas first, with females typically arriving a week or two later.
Males generally arrive before females.
Males generally arrive first to set up territories, with females arriving a week or two later.
Males generally begin emerging before females.
Males generally carry longer, harsher coats than females and a more profuse ruff.
Males generally feed upon plant juices.
Males generally get fewer UTIs than females because they have longer urethras.
Males generally grow darker with age.
Males generally grow to be larger than females.
Males generally have a dark, shaggy mane running down their necks.
Males generally have a greater tendency to disperse than females.
Males generally have a home range in which several females also live.
Males generally have a larger dewlap than females.
Males generally have a larger home range than females.
Males generally have a thicker coat than bitches and their coats are more lavish.
Males generally have a two-pronged penis, which corresponds to the females' two vaginae.
Males generally have an orange or red throat fan with a white edge.
Males generally have darker skin than females.
Males generally have larger home ranges than do females.
Males generally have longer tails than females.
Males generally have more burrows than females.
Males generally have more coat than females, including a thicker mane around the neck and shoulders.
Males generally have rougher backs and their forearms are thicker than the females.
Males generally have shorter lives.
Males generally have thicker necks and shoulders than females.
Males generally live longer than female bats.
Males generally mature at two to four years of age and females at three to six years of age.
Males generally migrate earlier in the wet season than the females.
Males generally move farther, once they've left their mother, than do females.
Males generally pass puberty within the next year or two of females.
Males generally perch in a typical posture on some object within the territory.
Males generally remain intact, though many hybrid males have been vasectomized.
Males generally remain with the female for several hours after mating.
Males generally require fewer molts to mature than females.
Males generally store more vegetation than females and adults usually store more than juveniles.
Males generally tolerate each other but sometimes fight to win females.
Males generally wander more extensively than females.
Males generally weigh more than females.
Males generally weigh more.
Males generally weigh thirty to fifty pounds.
Males generate their sound by rubbing their wings together.
Males gently nudge females into a saucer-shaped nest.
Males get a double dose of the stinkies.
Males get asthma more than females.
Males get brightly colored growths on their noses.
Males get darker with age.
Males get esophageal cancers more frequently than females.
Males get even with rapists.
Males get minerals from soil and mud to add in reproduction.
Males get more wounds during breeding season than at any other time of the year.
Males get much bigger and dark brown, while the females remain blonde dureing their lives.
Males get silver hair on their backs and upper thighs at sexual maturity.
Males give a bow display, bowing with wings lowered and tail fanned.
Males give a long call, or song, during the mating season.
Males give a loud, cackling display that can be heard over long distances.
Males give off sperm cells and females give off egg cells.
Males go from female herd to female herd seeking prospective mates.
Males go into an eclipes plumage after the end of breeding season.
Males go off in search of females with whom they can breed.
Males go to the land only when the ice is gone .
Males go to the land only when the ice is gone.
Males go to where the females are.
Males gradually become darker with age.
Males grasps the female from above and around the waist in inguinal amplexus.
Males grow a larger and occasionally forked crop of bristles.
Males grow faster because much of a female's energy goes into egg production.
Males grow faster, live longer and reach a larger size than females.
Males grow large antlers, beginning in early spring.
Males grow large, dangerous canines.
Males grow larger than females.
Males grow long pointed hackle and saddle feathers.
Males grow much larger than females.
Males grow sharp, devil-like horns that grow up and curve slightly forward.
Males grow slightly faster than females.
Males grow slightly larger than females.
Males grow up to  tall and weigh up to .
Males grow up to tall and weigh up to .
Males grunt and chicks make a whistling or chirping sound.
Males grunt and whistle, swim, pump their heads, and preen in front of the females.
Males grunt when mating.
Males guard a harem of several females.
Males guard and tend the egg masses and are normally found in or around the containers.
Males guard nests and attract females to spawn there.
Males guard nests until eggs hatch.
Males guard the eggs during incubation, and for up to four weeks after they have hatched.
Males guard the eggs until they hatch.
Males guard the female from access by other males.
Males guard the fry until they disperse, which can be as long as two weeks.
Males guard the nest and continue to protect the young for the first month after hatching.
Males guard the nest and the eggs during incubation.
Males guard the nest and young.
Males guard the nest by perching on nearby boulders or high ground.
Males guard the nest until eggs are hatched three to five days later.
Males guard the nest until the eggs hatch and fry leave.
Males guard the nest, and young after the eggs hatch.
Males guard the nest.
Males guard the nests, and turn dark black when spawning.
Males guard the sunfish nest area.
Males guard their groups of females from the advances of other males.
Males guard their mates closely.
Males guard their mates from competing males.
Males guard their mates from neighboring males by constantly guarding their mate.
Males guard their nests fiercely until after mating pairs are settled.
Males guard their nests vigorously until fry swim away.
Males guard vantage points and drive out intruding males.
Males hang around for hours, guarding their mates from other suitors.
Males has more bulbous and shorter chelae and are smaller size with longer pectines.
Males hatch first and burrow into gall flowers to inseminate the still unhatched females.
Males hatch from unfertilized eggs and females from fertilized eggs.
Males have a baculum, and females usually have two pairs of mammae.
Males have a baculum.
Males have a beard at the chin.
Males have a better outlook than females.
Males have a black belly and crown, and a white back.
Males have a black coat, while females are blonde.
Males have a black hood , back and throat over bold yellow-orange underparts and rump .
Males have a black mask and black cheek patches.
Males have a black mask and black patches on the sides of the neck.
Males have a black moustache stripe on an otherwise cinnamon face and upper breast.
Males have a black moustache.
Males have a black mustache that females lack.
Males have a black or dark throat, while the female s throat is light colored.
Males have a black or red mustache extending from the base of the beak to below the eyes.
Males have a black or red mustache extending from the gape of the beak to below the eyes.
Males have a black patch from bill to eye.
Males have a black ruff stretching from the neck to the chest and large horns .
Males have a black ruff stretching from the neck to the chest and large horns.
Males have a black scent patch on a vein across the middle of the hind wing.
Males have a blackened overall cast to their bodies.
Males have a blackish hood.
Males have a blue scrotum.
Males have a blue throat patch.
Males have a bluish crown and nape, and a rose wash to the throat and breast.
Males have a bluish spot at the base of their beaks, while the female displays a reddish pink speck.
Males have a bright red nose and lips with blue ridges on both sides of the nose.
Males have a bright yellow crown and wing patch, which is less prominent in females.
Males have a bright yellow head, dark green back, and an olive-green belly.
Males have a broad rudimentary rostrum but large jaws possibly for holding the female during mating.
Males have a broader head than females with a hairless reddish peri-orbital thickening.
Males have a brown head, long neck with white breast, gray body and a long pointed tail feathers.
Males have a central genital slit followed by a single smaller anal slit.
Males have a chestnut back and a blue-grey crown, neck, rump, and tail.
Males have a clear, sweet voice, which is heard primarily during the breeding season.
Males have a colorful face, while females' coloring is duller.
Males have a concave plastron and longer tail than females.
Males have a concave plastron and wider carapaces at the posterior than females.
Males have a concave plastron to aid in intercourse.
Males have a conspicuous knobbed red bill that brightens even more in the breeding season.
Males have a conspicuous pair of shoulder tufts around large glandular sacs.
Males have a copulatory hook.
Males have a costal fold enclosing scent scales on the leading edge of the forewing.
Males have a dark and thick plume, a black face and neck and also a black patch on the breast.
Males have a dark brown head and pale yellow body.
Males have a dark coat with light spots.
Males have a dark spot on the hind wing.
Males have a dark spot with a bright orange halo, on the upper part of the tail fin.
Males have a dark throat, which appears bluish when distended.
Males have a dark vocal sac on their throats that they inflate to help make their mating call.
Males have a dark-bluish head with a distinctive white crescent from forehead to chin.
Males have a darker and rounder abdomen in comparison to females, which are more pointed.
Males have a darker throat and the belly is usually spotted.
Males have a distinct large spiked claw used for courtship, combat, and defense.
Males have a distinctive black tuft at the tip of their abdomen.
Males have a distinctive metallic call during the breeding season.
Males have a distinctive scarlet chin and throat as well as under their tail.
Males have a distinctive white breast and a black throat with a white necklace-like band.
Males have a dominance hierarchy based on size.
Males have a dominance hierarchy which is maintained by aggression.
Males have a dot on the vein on their hindwing.
Males have a dusky throat and a round balloon-like membranous pouch or vocal sac.
Males have a fleshy lump on their forehead.
Males have a genital opening between their ninth and tenth abdominal segments.
Males have a genital slit halfway between the anus and navel, and they lack mammary slits.
Males have a golden yellow body and boldly coloured blue, black and white bands on their fins.
Males have a golden-yellow patch on the head, but the females and juveniles have grayish heads.
Males have a gonopodium, a modified fin that is thin and pointy.
Males have a gray body with a yellowish head and rusty-brown shoulder patches.
Males have a gray body with red fur on the side of the body and the face.
Males have a grayish white body coat with white blotches.
Males have a green head, white breast, and rusty-colored sides.
Males have a grey crown, markings on the back of the neck and yellow lores.
Males have a greyish, wrinkled vocal sac under the throat while the throat of females is white.
Males have a gynecophoral canal where females are usually located.
Males have a hard time understanding the feelings of women.
Males have a harder time pooping.
Males have a harem of females, which they defend from other males.
Males have a hemipenis.
Males have a high food intake for their larger and more energetic bodies.
Males have a higher metabolic rate than females.
Males have a higher mortality rate than females at all ages.
Males have a higher mortality rate than females.
Males have a higher muscle content in their body weight.
Males have a high-pitched bugling call.
Males have a hunting template in the brain.
Males have a large crest on it's head which it uses for mating.
Males have a large crest on the head and a small crest on the back.
Males have a large crest on the head.
Males have a large hump on their forhead which increase in size during mating season.
Males have a large penis, large testicles, and ejaculate lots of sperm.
Males have a large percentage of elongated white spines.
Males have a large rectangular mark, while females have a smaller triangular mark.
Males have a large scarlet red patch on each side.
Males have a large throat patch and large cheek pads.
Males have a large tusk that sticks out of the left side of the face.
Males have a larger crown patch than females or immatures.
Males have a larger head than females and the female heads are also narrower and more pointed.
Males have a larger scent gland than females.
Males have a larger tail than females.
Males have a larger territory than females.
Males have a last instar quiescent stage like a pupa but the wings develop externally.
Males have a lighter-colored pattern than females.
Males have a linear dominance hierarchy based on age and size.
Males have a long forked tail.
Males have a long, spiral tooth.
Males have a long, thick tail with the opening near the tip.
Males have a longer anal fin than females.
Males have a longer and coarser coat than females.
Males have a longer pointed tail than the females.
Males have a longer, slimmer abdomen compared to females.
Males have a loose dominance structure.
Males have a lot.
Males have a loud, barking vocalization.
Males have a lower-pitched voice than females.
Males have a mane of long black hair around the neck and down the brisket.
Males have a mantle, lateral tufts on the neck, and long hairs on the throat.
Males have a medium-length mane and their ears are visible.
Males have a mid- ventral penis.
Males have a midventral penis and abdominal testicles.
Males have a mid-ventral penis.
Males have a milky colour to the wings.
Males have a more distinct patch than females.
Males have a more strait anal fin.
Males have a much brighter yellow on their body.
Males have a much broader head than females of a similar size.
Males have a much broader head than females.
Males have a much larger casque and a distinct pattern of brown and yellow barring.
Males have a narrow abdomen.
Males have a narrow white stripe running down the sides of their bodies.
Males have a noticeable kink in their antenna.
Males have a one and a half to two times greater distance between the anal and urogenital openings.
Males have a pair of long, waxy colored horns with ring-like ridges along their length.
Males have a pair of wings and two long waxy tails and are capable of flight.
Males have a pale pink throatfan that distends when excited.
Males have a patch of bare skin between the anus and urethral opening.
Males have a patch of dark hair on their foreheads that covers glandular skin.
Males have a peculiar glandular pouch on the throat.
Males have a penis like organ called a phallodeum which is the extruding part of the cloaca.
Males have a penis, scrotum, and testicles.
Males have a prominent hooked jaw.
Males have a prominent ruff or collar, which is especially pronounced in the Sumatran tiger.
Males have a prominent ruff, which is especially marked in the Sumatran tiger.
Males have a prominent scent gland on the bridge of their nose.
Males have a red beak whereas females and juveniles have black beaks.
Males have a red cap on the back of their heads which the females lack.
Males have a red dewlap that can protrude from below their necks.
Males have a red moustache.
Males have a red mustache that females lack.
Males have a red mustache.
Males have a red nape and crown, and, to a lesser extent, their forehead and lores are also red.
Males have a red patch at the back of the head, females have a black patch.
Males have a red patch on the back of their heads that females lack.
Males have a red patch on the back of their neck that extends over the top of their head.
Males have a red spot at the backs of their heads which females lack.
Males have a red throat patch.
Males have a red throat that females lack.
Males have a reddish pink throat fan, which they often exhibit when challenging other anoles.
Males have a reddish-orange head.
Males have a red-gold head and neck with longer, draping feathers on the upperparts.
Males have a rust-brown head and neck, black breast and bold white wings, flanks and back.
Males have a rusty back, blue wings and a rusty-colored tail with a black terminal band.
Males have a rusty back, blue wings, and a rusty-colored tail with a black terminal band.
Males have a sagittal crest, enormous jaws and huge upper canine teeth.
Males have a scent gland on the chest and females have a rear-facing pouch.
Males have a separated brow.
Males have a short bursa and the vulva of the female opens near the posterior end.
Males have a short, semi-erect mane on the neck.
Males have a short, semi-erect mane.
Males have a silvery back.
Males have a similar shape, but are patterned with red and orange.
Males have a single large tooth at the midpoint of each side of the mandible.
Males have a single spicule that is surrounded by a spiny spicule sheath.
Males have a single unpaired plate at the end of the abdomen.
Males have a single vocal pouch.
Males have a singular throat pouch that is pale to bright yellow.
Males have a slightly higher stroke risk than females.
Males have a small double spur halfway along their first leg.
Males have a small mane on the nape of the neck and along the spine.
Males have a small red patch on the nape.
Males have a small, triangular lump on their back legs, right at the base of their foot.
Males have a smaller mane.
Males have a spiked tail and are quite colorful.
Males have a spur on the back of their hind feet that is connected to a venom-secreting gland.
Males have a spur on their ankles, which bears poison in the platypus.
Males have a striking black face surrounded by a snowy white forehead, crown, beard, and throat.
Males have a striped back, the crown of the head is gray while the back of the neck is brown.
Males have a tall, straight dorsal fin, while that of the female is smaller and hooked.
Males have a tan or greenish throat, and both sexes are whitish underneath.
Males have a tawny olive or dull yellow orange ruff of hairs on the foreneck.
Males have a tendency to have longer caudual fins .
Males have a tendency to have longer caudual fins.
Males have a tendency toward uncontrolled kibbush, while women are more focused on chazakah.
Males have a thickened tail, brown eyes, tan chin, and a concave plastron.
Males have a vent that slices inward instead of bulges outward.
Males have a very apparent breast bar.
Males have a very bad reputation when it comes to housework.
Males have a very colorful face.
Males have a very distinct white bump there.
Males have a very long, hollow, spiral tooth.
Males have a very long, pike-like snout, and some nifty colouration with brown, yellow and blue.
Males have a very loud bark, females also bark but less loudly.
Males have a vocal sac, and a nuptial pad on the first finger.
Males have a weak and short mating call, and call throughout the day and night.
Males have a well defined tubercle on the second abdominal segment.
Males have a well-developed baculum, and females generally have three to seven pairs of mammae.
Males have a white or cream colored head, ears and beard.
Males have a white spot near each wing tip.
Males have a whitish neck ruff and a dorsal crest.
Males have a whitish neck ruff and a dorsel crest.
Males have a yellow color and a red tail with a blue submarginal band.
Males have a yellow throat.
Males have abdominal testes and a baculum.
Males have abnormally small phalluses.
Males have about three times the risk observed in females.
Males have about twice the risk as females.
Males have advantages in accuracy of selection and selection intensity.
Males have an additional gland on the upper arm which secretes a strong-smelling fluid.
Males have an additional single clasper on the dorsal surface of head.
Males have an enlarged fifth tarsal segment on the fore legs that is used to grasp the female.
Males have an inflatable soft palate that they use to attract females.
Males have an orange comb over their eyes and orange patches on the sides of their necks.
Males have an orange suffusion on lower abdomen onto tail.
Males have an orange-brown form and females have a brownish form.
Males have an ovate shell with a wide shallow sulcus.
Males have an unusual forked appendage at the end of their abdomen called a furcula .
Males have an X and a Y, females have two X's.
Males have anal pores and typically have larger heads than females.
Males have another evolutionary issue.
Males have antlers which they shed annually.
Males have antlers, consisting of a main beam with prongs.
Males have antlers, through they prefer to use their long canine teeth to defend themselves.
Males have antlers.
Males have at least a handle of bourbon for themselves.
Males have balls the size of peas throughout the non-breeding time of year.
Males have better-developed crests.
Males have bigger heads and larger eyes than females.
Males have black and white plumage, while females have gray-brown plumage.
Males have black eyes, and females have reddish-brown eyes.
Males have black hair with a pale brow that flicks up at the ends.
Males have black tipped breast feathers and leg spurs, although spur length varies with age.
Males have blue gray wings, a reddish back and a reddish tail with a single sub-terminal tail band.
Males have blue violet wings, backs and rumps.
Males have blue-gray wings and a single black bar on the end of their tail.
Males have blue-gray wings and females, which are larger than males, have brown wings.
Males have blue-gray wings and partial barring on their backs.
Males have blue-gray wings, females brown wings.
Males have blue-gray wings.
Males have blue-grey wings with black spots and white undersides with black barring.
Males have bodies and fins of brilliant blue, green, and orange.
Males have body covered with wings.
Males have bright blue feathers above, an orange-red throat and breast, and a white belly.
Males have bright blue heads, tails, backs, and wings.
Males have bright cream cheek patches and flanking.
Males have bright red or orange eyes.
Males have bright turquoise rumps and wings.
Males have bright vivid colours and much larger fins.
Males have bright yellow throats and jet black wing feathers.
Males have bright yellow throats and the tympanum is larger than the eye.
Males have brighter coloration than females.
Males have brighter markings than females.
Males have brighter red in dorsal fins and more color generally.
Males have brilliant red feathers, a tall head crest, a wide, red bill, and a black face.
Males have broader pincers and longer tails than females.
Males have brown eyes and a tan chin while females have orange eyes and a yellow chin.
Males have brown heads and glossy black bodies.
Males have brownish foreheads while females are more gray.
Males have brownish heads, grayish bodies, dark bills, and yellow feet.
Males have bushy antennae.
Males have canine tusks, whereas the canines of females are smaller.
Males have cerci.
Males have claspers, which are elongated pelvic fin edges.
Males have cobalt blue on rump and wings as in other species.
Males have concave plastrons, while females have flat ones.
Males have conelike structures bearing pollen sacs.
Males have considerably greater pectoral fins in comparison to the females.
Males have considerably higher rates than females.
Males have consistently higher mortality rates at all ages compared with females.
Males have dark blue backs and black faces, throats, and sides.
Males have dark blue wings, backs, rumps and a blue streak behind the eyes.
Males have dark brown heads with a tuft of black feathers extending down the back of the neck.
Males have dark cobalt wings, backs, rumps and streak behind the eye.
Males have dark coloring on their vocal pouches, and females are generally larger than males.
Males have dark looser throats and nuptial pads on the inner thumbs.
Males have dark throats, which appear bluish when distended.
Males have dark, blunt abdomens, and females have lighter, pointed abdomens.
Males have darker greens and blues than another species of parrotlet.
Males have deeper bodies and much more color than females.
Males have definite preferences when they choose females.
Males have dewlaps.
Males have distinct tusks called under-tushes.
Males have distinctive black cap.
Males have distinctive bright red patterns and stripes on their fins.
Males have distinctive churring song given for long periods from dusk throughout the night.
Males have distinctive, high crests on their heads and backs, which they use to impress females.
Males have dull orange abdomens with black center stripes.
Males have eight segments in their abdomen, while slightly larger females have nine.
Males have eight segments, the females, six.
Males have enlargement of the testes and penis, and facial and other body hair begins to grow.
Males have enormous canines, usually used in threat displays.
Males have entirely black bills.
Males have especially aggressive territorial behavior, but have no sting.
Males have extensive blue patches on undersides and under chin.
Males have external appendages called claspers used to fertilize the female.
Males have extra bone deposits on their skulls for fighting.
Males have extremely large nostrils and a powerful sense of smell, which they use to locate females.
Males have extremely long and thick front legs, used during mating.
Males have eyes that almost touch, as well as a yellowish underside.
Males have feathery antennae they use to locate females.
Males have feathery antennae, and females have antennae that look and feel like threads.
Males have feathery antennae.
Males have femoral and preanal pores.
Males have femoral pores.
Males have few parental responsibilities.
Males have fewer white spots than females .
Males have fewer white spots than females.
Males have five instars, the fourth of which is produced in a cocoon and referred to as the pupa.
Males have five molts or stages and the females' six.
Males have five stages, feeding and building armor only in the first two stages.
Males have five to nine testes and no cirrus pouch, cirrus or prostate cells.
Males have four horns .
Males have four horns.
Males have four razor sharp, interlocking tusks which they use in defense.
Males have genitals located closely below their navel.
Males have grayish-green plumage with yellow stripes and bright yellow breasts.
Males have great vocal abilities and females are fairly quiet.
Males have green head, white neck ring, and cinnamon chest.
Males have green heads, white collars and brown chests.
Males have green-blue iridescent flecks on their flanks and caudal and dorsal fins.
Males have higher mortality from all leading causes of death.
Males have higher rates of elevated blood lead levels.
Males have higher rates of speech and language delays, and dyslexia.
Males have higher RMR, higher core body temp, more muscle mass, and less body fat.
Males have home ranges that overlap one or more females.
Males have horns like a steer, females have none.
Males have horns.
Males have hovering displays.
Males have huge fleshy pads framing the upper part of their faces.
Males have huge neck folds.
Males have huge, finely-groomed manes and make very attractive photography subjects.
Males have individual territories Has mutually beneficial symbiotic relationship with oxpecker bird.
Males have internal testes and a small penis with no glands.
Males have iridescent black and purple on the head, back and underparts.
Males have iridescent blue feathers on their necks and black crest feathers.
Males have large cheek flaps, which get larger as they age.
Males have large dorsal fins that stick up higher in the water.
Males have large flat antlers, while females and young have none.
Males have large home ranges, encompassing the home ranges of several females.
Males have large scales under the ear.
Males have large territories covering several female territories.
Males have large territories that overlap the smaller territories of several females.
Males have large trunk bases, bulges below and in front of eyes, and swelling above the eyes.
Males have large, broad antlers with prongs projecting from the margins.
Males have large, fan-shaped antennae.
Males have large, feathery antennae.
Males have large, lyre-shaped horns.
Males have large, pointed canine teeth.
Males have larger and longer tails than the females.
Males have larger and sharper tusks than females.
Males have larger body than females.
Males have larger claws than females.
Males have larger crests than female.
Males have larger eardrum circles and females have smaller eardrum circles.
Males have larger home ranges than females, and they travel greater distances on a daily basis.
Males have larger home ranges than females.
Males have larger home ranges that are likely to overlap with the home ranges of several females.
Males have larger home ranges which overlap the home ranges of several females.
Males have larger home ranges, extending a mile or more along the stream.
Males have larger horn like structures on their heads.
Males have larger nails and are smaller in size.
Males have larger noses and their chins protrude further.
Males have larger pores than females.
Males have larger pre-anal and femoral pores.
Males have larger pronotal humps on the thorax and bushier antennae than females.
Males have larger spines than females and can weigh twice as much.
Males have larger tails than females do.
Males have larger territories, or feeding areas, than females.
Males have larger tusks compared to the females who have small tusks, or no tusks at all.
Males have larger, flashier fins.
Males have less structured home ranges.
Males have lines and females, small spots.
Males have little chance of surviving to the next breeding season.
Males have little to no contact with their offspring.
Males have long beards.
Males have long horns which are thin and ringed for most of their length.
Males have long tail feathers used in courtship displays.
Males have long tusks that curve upwards.
Males have long, bow-shaped antlers.
Males have long, broad, flattened antlers.
Males have long, dense tails, and older females have larger heads than younger females.
Males have long, spiral horns.
Males have long, thick tails with the cloacal opening, or anus, located outside the shell's edge.
Males have long, thick tails, and the entire carapace is covered with the spiny tubercles.
Males have longer and thicker tusks than females.
Males have longer antennae and a tuft of light colored hair on the face.
Males have longer antennae than females.
Males have longer bodies and tails, whereas females have longer trunks.
Males have longer fins, however young males have short fins.
Males have longer hair than females and disc-like cheek pads .
Males have longer suckers and two tentacles that play role during mating.
Males have longer wingspans than the females .
Males have longer, thicker tails and red versus yellowish-brown irises.
Males have lots of red caruncles around their eyes and face.
Males have loud calls and relatively large bilobed vocal sacs.
Males have low border on tail instead of dorsal crest.
Males have lower tusks like many other pigs.
Males have manes and all lions have a tuft of fur at the end of their tail.
Males have manly pattern.
Males have many more traits that function only in courtship or male-male competition.
Males have markedly unequal claws with the fingers dark brown or black.
Males have massive features and a well-developed silver shaggy cape or mane.
Males have massive flaring and curling horns, but females have slender horns.
Males have metallic bluish-green ocelli on the wings and mantle.
Males have more iridescence on greater areas of the body.
Males have more orange at the top of the head, and black in the side of their V-shape.
Males have more poorly defined mental and caudal hedonic glands than females.
Males have more slender bodies than females.
Males have more testosterone in their circulation than females and men are more aggressive.
Males have much higher rates than females.
Males have much higher risk than females, most likely because of occupational differences.
Males have much larger home ranges than females.
Males have much larger territories than females in all regions.
Males have much smaller heads than do females and both have long smoky black wings.
Males have narrow white wing bars.
Males have no comparable mechanism.
Males have no copulatory vocalizations.
Males have no functional mouthparts and soon die, leaving only females.
Males have no hackles or saddles.
Males have no reproductive organ, so reproduction occurs by the pair rubbing their cloacas together.
Males have no stinger and have a rounded abdomen.
Males have no symptom.
Males have nonglossy, velvety green or greenish bronze upperparts, and they are white underneath.
Males have non-venomous spurs on the ankles of their hind legs.
Males have on the back expressive longer hair, which creates mantle.
Males have one large claw and one small claw.
Males have one row of median spines on each side, while females have two.
Males have one very large and one small claw while females have both small claws.
Males have one very large claw that they wave to show off or to attract a mate.
Males have one white and one yellow wing-bar on each wing.
Males have only one and it stays active.
Males have only one cell line.
Males have only one X chromosome which is inherited from the mother at conception.
Males have only one X chromosome, compared with the two found in females.
Males have only one X chromosome, so if they carry a FM they are always affected.
Males have only one X chromosome.
Males have orange or crimson head and neck during the breeding season.
Males have orange to dull red plumage, with black wings.
Males have orange wings with no markings.
Males have organs on their abdomen called tymbals.
Males have ornate bristles on the head and neck.
Males have penis and testicles.
Males have pimple-like bumps on the chin scales.
Males have posterior turret-like eminences.
Males have problems with erections and ejaculation.
Males have projecting canines.
Males have prominent black mask extending across eyes and forehead.
Males have prominent orange cheek patches and love to whistle.
Males have prominent warts on their faces.
Males have red eyebrows in spring and summer.
Males have red eyes and females have brown eyes.
Males have red eyes while females have yellow- brown eyes.
Males have red eyes, and females have yellow, brown, or marble eyes.
Males have red irises and females have yellowish-brown irises.
Males have red or orange eyes and a longer tail with the cloacal opening past the marginals.
Males have red rump which shows when wings are spread.
Males have red spots on the edges of their wings and are typically smaller than females.
Males have reddish heads, black breasts, and largely grayish bodies.
Males have reddish streaks down their breasts and bellies.
Males have red-green defects if they inherit a defective gene from their mother.
Males have relatively huge testes.
Males have rich, reddish-brown heads and necks, black breasts, and white wings, sides, and belly.
Males have rigid upper incisors while the females have rounded upper incisors.
Males have rudimentary ducts and teats.
Males have rufous tails with one wide, black sub-terminal band and a white tip.
Males have rust-colored tails with a prominent black band across the end.
Males have rusty backs, blue wings and bright rufous tails with a broad, dark band near the tip.
Males have several reasons for singing.
Males have severe lissencephaly.
Males have sharp antlers.
Males have sharp pointed horns which have ring like features and curved upwards and backwards.
Males have sharp venomous spurs on their hind legs that they use for defence.
Males have shiny black bodies with distinctly brown heads.
Males have shiny black crowns while females are a duller black or gray.
Males have short antlers with at most three points.
Males have short antlers, erect with no more than three points.
Males have short antlers, which can regrow but they tend to fight for territory with their tusks.
Males have short lifespans and do little more than find a mate.
Males have short manes on their necks.
Males have short manes.
Males have short simple antlers with or without small brow tines.
Males have short wings that cover only about three-quarters of their abdomen.
Males have short, pointed horns.
Males have short, red-brown fur, fading to pale buff below and on the limbs.
Males have short, unbranched antlers.
Males have shorth beards, but females lack any beard.
Males have similar colour and patterning but are smaller, have wings and are capable of flight.
Males have similar growths on their chin and females on their forehead.
Males have similar, but much weaker mouthparts.
Males have siphon sacs that pump seawater to aid the flow of semen from claspers.
Males have slate blue on their wings and a rusty red back and breast.
Males have slight amounts of red-brown scales on the forewing in fresh specimens.
Males have slightly larger territories than females.
Males have slightly longer and thicker tails than females and have a small fin on top.
Males have small chromatophores on their mantle.
Males have small mental glands immediately behind the chin.
Males have small red-orange dewlap.
Males have small warts in front of the eyes.
Males have small, hair-covered horns.
Males have solid gray tails.
Males have some spots of red, blue, etc.
Males have somewhat higher risk than females.
Males have song-producing , or stridulating, organs located on their front wings.
Males have special air sacs that are used to make a bell-like sound.
Males have spectacular mandibles.
Males have tall, erect dorsal fin.
Males have tall, long dorsal fins.
Males have territories that overlap with several females.
Males have testicles that produce sperm .
Males have the habit of sitting on ridge tops, waiting for females the fly by.
Males have the highest rates of suicide, with suicide being the top cause of death in young men.
Males have the longer front nails and are used in mating.
Males have the reddish feathers, bordered with yellow, but sometimes the red is hard to see.
Males have the reputation of being aggressive towards females.
Males have the sexiest tails, whereas the females attract the males with their large head crests.
Males have the thickest bases, and older females often sport the longer headgear.
Males have their own herds called bachelor herds.
Males have there special features however.
Males have thick jaws and a bulging forehead.
Males have thick, ringed horns that curve back from their heads.
Males have thicker cords and thus lower voices than females.
Males have thicker tails than females.
Males have thicker, and generally longer, tails than the females.
Males have thin, smooth, straight bodies and long wings.
Males have tighter pelves and show less scarring than females.
Males have tiny, straight horns.
Males have to compete for dominance over the breeding females.
Males have to court the female by bringing a surplus of food.
Males have to register with the selective service.
Males have transparent black wings and females are wingless.
Males have tufts of gold hair at the tip of the abdomen.
Males have turquoise and red genitals.
Males have tusks.
Males have twice the body burden of PCBs as females.
Males have twice the risk of females.
Males have two bumps on the bottom base of the tail and females have only one or none.
Males have two copulatory organs called hemipenes, one on each side of the base of the tail.
Males have two functional testes.
Males have two hollow tube shaped organs called claspers at the base of their pelvic fins.
Males have two pairs of pharyngeal sacs, large shoulder pouches, and epauletlike hair tufts.
Males have two pairs of pleopods, located towards the front of the abdomen.
Males have two pairs of warts, females one.
Males have two reproductive organs called hemipenes.
Males have two scent glands, a bald spot on their head and another on their chest.
Males have two slits that look similar to an exclamation point.
Males have two spikes on their tale while females have three.
Males have two X chromosomes.
Males have very bushy antennae while females have moderately less bushy antennae.
Males have very fuzzy antennae while the females antennae have only a few hairs.
Males have very large hooks as spurs, while females have no spurs at all.
Males have very large, prominent testicles.
Males have vestigial pretarsal claws.
Males have vivid red, black, and white plumage, accented with sapphire blue.
Males have voluntary erections.
Males have white beards when they are born that turn red as they grow older.
Males have white on the face which encircles the eye with a green and violet head.
Males have white throats with black spots.
Males have whiter wings than females with just the tips and trailing edges of the wings black.
Males have wider blue brows and occasional red thumbnail splashes on their abdomens.
Males have wider heads as a rule.
Males have wider, heavier upper mandible.
Males have wings and actively fly.
Males have wings and are brown in color.
Males have wings and are brown.
Males have wings and do fly as do potential queens.
Males have wings and fly to mate with queens.
Males have wings and two long waxy filaments, females are wingless.
Males have wings but no stingers, while females have stingers but lack wings.
Males have wings longer than the body and are excellent fliers.
Males have wings that only half cover the abdomen and females are practically wingless.
Males have wings, but are difficult to see.
Males have wings, but females are wingless, and are sometimes confused with ants.
Males have wings.
Males have yellow bills in spring.
Males have yellow or orange spots on their head and forelimbs.
Males head out to search for mates at around the same time every year.
Males help build the nests.
Males help care for and carry the young.
Males help care for their chicks and take over if anything happens to the female.
Males help incubate eggs.
Males help to raise their offspring, and often carry their young on their backs in between feedings.
Males help with parental care.
Males help with the care and feeding of the babies.
Males help with the parental care of the young.
Males hibernate alone while females give birth while hibernating in their dens.
Males hilltop on the tops of reefs, buttes, or even sheer peaks in search of females.
Males hiss loudly when fighting but hiss softly when mating.
Males huddle together to keep warm as they incubate their eggs.
Males huddle together to protect themselves from the cold and the dreadful winter storms.
Males hunt all year round if they are able.
Males impress the females with their display of colors using their bioluminescence.
Males increase their intrinsic motivation while females respond similarly after failure.
Males incubate and care for young.
Males incubate at night and females during the day.
Males incubate at night, females during the day.
Males incubate the eggs and raise the chicks.
Males incubate young in a brood patch.
Males inherit one allele from each parent.
Males inherit their X chromosome from their mothers.
Males initiate a neck grasp with accepting females and breeding begins.
Males initiate and terminate copulation without much courting .
Males initiate attacks and release chemicals which attract females.
Males initiate behavior by chasing, playfully biting, and embracing females.
Males initiate courtship rituals but both males and females participate.
Males initiate internal reproduction by fighting with the female.
Males initiate mating more frequently than females.
Males initiate nesing in gravel beds.
Males initiate reproduction.
Males initiate sexual interactions by approaching and following a female.
Males initiate the autumn courtship with a bugling call to attract their mates.
Males insert a sperm packet into the mantles of a female, where it is stored until needed.
Males intervene often in disputes among males.
Males invest less, so benefit genetically by being opportunists.
Males is normally dark.
Males is very hard on the older generation.
Males join females when the latter reach estuaries.
Males join the ewe-lamb herds during the breeding season.
Males join the female bands at mating time.
Males join to females by a sticky mucus produced by a scaly sheath of the anal fin.
Males jump on females' backs with wings outspread in order to copulate.
Males keep a look out for predators, keeps the group together and patrols the territory.
Males keep chicks together through a series of whistles.
Males keep females from foraging in the more productive spots.
Males keep harems of one to three females.
Males keep larger areas.
Males keep to their own separate territories but the regions do have some overlapping borders.
Males keep track of each other by giving loud calls.
Males keep up a frantic pace.
Males kill infants that are unlikely to be their own in order to shorten interbirth intervals .
Males kill infants unlikely to be their offspring.
Males kill their own young, and females kill the offspring of other females.
Males know next to nothing of fatherhood.
Males lack a brood chamber, and, in Lake Ontario, are much smaller than females.
Males lack a costal fold.
Males lack stingers but are territorial.
Males lack the orange.
Males lack the thorny growths except for spikes around their faces.
Males lag behind females in reading.
Males latch onto females with their intermittent organs, also known as claspers.
Males lay spermatophores, which are taken into the ovipositor of female specimens.
Males lead and maintain discipline, live within a more well defined dominance order than females.
Males lead less active lives and spend their days roaming independently.
Males learn from sports that every player on the team has a role.
Males learn to expect females to 'take care of' our emotional needs.
Males leave breeding grounds before the eggs hatch .
Males leave just before they reach adolescence to live in bachelor groups.
Males leave once the females become pregnant.
Males leave scents that attract females by urinating on the ground, plants, and themselves.
Males leave small dung piles while females scatter their dung.
Males leave small piles of fecal matter, while females reportedly scatter their dung.
Males leave soybean fields to mate with the females located on buckthorn.
Males leave the band when they are two.
Males leave the family upon reaching adulthood, but visit occasionally.
Males leave the female herds when they are about a year old and join separate bachelor groups.
Males leave the group on reaching adolescence , and find a new troop to join .
Males leave the group on reaching adolescence, and find a new troop to join.
Males leave the herd when they are one year old to form groups of bachelors.
Males leave the natal group before adolescence.
Males leave the nest with flightless chicks and teach the young how to survive.
Males leave the sites soon after breeding, while females stay behind to guard and incubate the eggs.
Males leave their bags to find partners when they sense the chemical alert from females.
Males leave their bags to fly in search of mates.
Males leave their bags, fly and search out bags containing females.
Males leave their burrows and wander in search of females, particularly during summer and autumn.
Males leave their family to join a different group when they reach maturity.
Males leave their group and migrate to a new one at a young age for mating purposes.
Males leave their mother's territory completely, while females tend to stay closer to home.
Males leave their mothers when they are two years old and join the bachelor groups.
Males leave their natal group, but some females also leave.
Males leave to try and fertilize other eggs.
Males lie more than females.
Males like to dominate.
Males like to play games.
Males like to sing on warm summer nights.
Males like to spread their seed around, and females to make the best deal.
Males likely die shortly after mating, while females move on to lay their eggs.
Males likely have small territories that consist of the immediate area surrounding the nest.
Males line up nose to tail behind a single female, forming a train of up to a dozen individuals.
Males linger on the outside of the group and sends the rest of in case of danger.
Males literally ride on female backs, sometimes for days.
Males live alone and females live alone.
Males live alone in their marked territory, and mate during any time in the year.
Males live alone or in coalitions made up of brothers from the same litter.
Males live alone or in small groups with other males.
Males live alone or in small herds of males.
Males live eight to ten years.
Males live for about a week, feeding on nectar and other sources of sugar .
Males live for only one year or less after maturity.
Males live in bachelor groups and females live in groups with their offspring.
Males live in bachelor herds from puberty through adulthood.
Males live in separate herds from the females and the last year's young.
Males live in small groups outside the herds.
Males live in the same areas from one year to the next .
Males live in the same areas from one year to the next.
Males live longer than females.
Males live more on the land and act rough towards the impostor.
Males live mostly on the forest floor , while females and young climb up into trees and bushes .
Males live mostly on the forest floor, while females and young climb up into trees and bushes.
Males live on the first floor while females live on the second.
Males live on to mate with other female ticks.
Males live only a few days, and are attracted to the female by a pheromone.
Males live only a few hours, emerging in late afternoon to mate.
Males live relatively solitary lives, roosting in buildings or other suitable roosts.
Males live separately, alone or in bachelor herds.
Males live solitary life, except during the mating season.
Males live solitary lives until they find females who are ready to mate.
Males live somewhat shorter lives.
Males living in a group allow females to do all the hunting.
Males locate close to tidal areas.
Males locate females in estrous by following their tracks.
Males locate the mates either by settling their districts or to fly around to look for the females.
Males look like tiny two-winged wasps or flies and are rare.
Males look more than females.
Males lose body weight over the course of the breeding season as they defend their harems.
Males lose half their body weight while incubating their eggs.
Males lose the hair on the horns as a result of combat with fellow males.
Males lose their appetites during mating season.
Males lose their thick winter coats faster than females.
Males lose toes and limbs in the battles and some die from bites to their heads and necks.
Males lunge and clap their bills to impress females.
Males maintain harems of smaller, somewhat less-colorful females.
Males maintain larger home ranges that females.
Males maintain territories by such agonistic behavior as well as by singing tirelessly.
Males make a grunt to court females or challenge other bulls.
Males make a long, shrill song that often lasts one to two minutes.
Males make a soft clicking call, similar to that produced by striking together two coins.
Males make a variety of clicking and bell-like sounds underwater.
Males make a variety of sounds to attract females.
Males make a whispery sound.
Males make and absorb all claims.
Males make and guard the nests, and induce females to lay their eggs there.
Males make better pets than females.
Males make different calls for different reasons, and each species has a unique sound.
Males make large differences larger and small differences smaller.
Males make loud 'clucking' sounds during the chase.
Males make mating calls to attract females, sounding very much like a cricket calling underwater.
Males make more noise when territorial neighbors are nearby.
Males make no attempts to herd females or prevent their departure.
Males make no effort to defend females except from takeovers by conspecifics.
Males make noise.
Males make single clicking sounds during fights or to challenge territory.
Males make the journey every year or two, mating with the females offshore.
Males make their insecdike vocalizations during the day and attract females.
Males make two calls that are directed at females, sometimes as a prelude to mating.
Males make up about half of our society.
Males manufacture a completely new sperm supply on an eleven day cycle.
Males mark territories with urine.
Males mark territory around their dens with urine.
Males mark territory boundaries by whistling.
Males mark territory with a preorbital scent gland which is located on the sides of the head.
Males mark the outside of their burrows by rubbing their urogenital area along the burrow entrance.
Males mark their territories with secretions from femeral glands under their hind legs.
Males mark their territories with urine, dung, and secretions from their preorbital glands.
Males mark their territory with their scent and only share their turf with females.
Males mark their territory with urine and become aggressive during the breeding season.
Males mate daily.
Males mate promiscuously.
Males mate with around three females if given the chance.
Males mate with females in the late summer.
Males mate with females, leave the root and die.
Males mate with more than one female during the mating season.
Males mate with more than one female.
Males mate with multiple females and cooperate to defend access to females.
Males mate with one female one year and another female the next year.
Males mate with the queen.
Males mature a bit later but both sexes can breed before they are a year old.
Males mature at a smaller size and spawn every year or two.
Males mature at age three or later.
Males mature at an even greater age.
Males mature at around the age of two years.
Males mature at ca.
Males mature earlier than females.
Males mature in eight years.
Males mature in two to three years.
Males mature one moult before the females to ensure readiness for mating.
Males mature sexually as soon as two years of age.
Males mature sexually at about four years but keep growing until they reach about eight years.
Males mature sexually at just under a year.
Males mature slightly later.
Males measure an average of  and females  in length.
Males measure an average of and females in length .
Males migrate continuously, while females are sedentary.
Males migrate earlier and in deeper water than females.
Males migrate earlier than females and remain longer in the spawning streams.
Males migrate from their natal group near the time of puberty.
Males migrate from tree to bushes and back into the trees, singing the entire time.
Males migrate often, while the females are comparatively sedentary.
Males mingle with females only when it is time to mate.
Males mix with females throughout the year.
Males molt a total of four times.
Males molt like other ducks, during which they appear like the females.
Males molt only once a year and females every two years.
Males mostly feed on plant sap or nectar.
Males mostly sing while they are on the breeding grounds.
Males mostly spend the summer as solitary individuals.
Males move around more when hunting than the females, which tend to remain nearer to their webs.
Males move between ewe groups during the breeding season.
Males move between troops.
Males move from plant to plant, signaling until they receive a response from a female.
Males move into spawning areas near shore around points of structure.
Males move most often in the late summer and early fall during breeding season.
Males move out from shore and settle among the water lilies to call females.
Males move to breeding waters first and begin vocalizing.
Males move to spawning areas before females.
Males move to the pond first and begin calling.
Males move widely across the landscape during the rut in order to find receptive females.
Males move widely during the mating season and die soon after.
Males neutered by six months never do lift their leg and make excellent pets.
Males never exceed more than a couple of kilos.
Males never leave the water once they enter it, unlike females, which nest on land.
Males never leave the water, but females swim to the shore to lay their eggs.
Males never leave the water, mating takes place in the waters just off shore.
Males never survive the winter, but their sperm do in the sperm sac of the overwintering female.
Males normally disperse once they grow large enough to compete with dominant males.
Males normally have longer limbs, but otherwise the sexes are hard to distinguish.
Males normally have lower voices than females because males usually have longer vocal cord.
Males normally have no pouch.
Males normally incubate during the day and females at night.
Males normally live by themselves, only joining the groups to mate.
Males normally mate with females near their own territories.
Males normally remain in estuary longer than females, thus delaying their migration.
Males normally spawn first, producing pheromones and sperm which stimulates females to spawn.
Males now outnumber females slightly in Colorado.
Males occasionally get swollen penises.
Males occasionally kill and eat cubs.
Males occasionally kill mammals and share the meat with other group members.
Males occasionally kill other males competing for mates.
Males occupy higher-level roles because high status motivates the male more strongly.
Males occupy larger ranges that overlap the ranges of several females.
Males occur only in the late fall generation, which produces the overwintering eggs.
Males only achieve equal mating success in pairs.
Males only appear in any number at the close of the season.
Males only feed on pollen and nectar and have similar, but much weaker mouthparts.
Males only have one X chromosome and hence have only one allele for each X-linked gene.
Males only have one X chromosome, which they inherit from their mother.
Males only have one X-chromosome, whereas females have two.
Males only have to inseminate the female and their work is done.
Males only occupy a home range for at most a year, after which they are replaced by another male.
Males only please.
Males only think about sex when they're near a bitch in season.
Males opt to take advantage of hair removal services for an assortment of reasons.
Males organize their relationships along a dominance hierarchy .
Males outnumber the females fifty to one.
Males participate in a non-scholarship capacity in about twice the numbers that females do.
Males participate in non-school sports teams more than females.
Males participate in the colony work.
Males participate in weaning and teaching of young.
Males particularly express the fear of unwanted sexual advances.
Males pass the nutrients to their mates through the spermatophore during mating.
Males patrol all day to seek females.
Males patrol around the host plants all day to find females.
Males patrol close to the ground for receptive females.
Males patrol open areas near host plants for females.
Males perch along shores on bare perches like shown here.
Males perch among host plants in low spots all day to await females.
Males perch at the bottom of gulches to await receptive females.
Males perch at the very tip of the tallest spruces to sing their high-pitched, sibilant songs.
Males perch in flat grassy areas on low vegetation to wait for receptive females.
Males perch in the morning near the host plants to await females.
Males perch near the host plants all day to wait for receptive females.
Males perch on bankside vegetation in order to attract females.
Males perch on grass or weeds to look for females.
Males perch on hilltops to await receptive females.
Males perch on leaves to seek females.
Males perch on prominent high posts in their territory and call in the early morning.
Males perch on tall objects in sunny areas to watch for females.
Males perch on the ground or on rocks.
Males perch on treetops during the afternoon to await the arrival of females for mating.
Males perch on vegetation to await the arrival of females for mating.
Males perch to find females.
Males perch to find receptive females.
Males perch to seek females, who deposit eggs singly on the host plant.
Males perch to wait for receptive females.
Males perch to watch for females in depressions or gulch bottoms.
Males perch to watch for females.
Males perch to watch for receptive females.
Males perform a threat display when other male red-shouldered hawks enter their territories.
Males perform an elaborate and noisy courtship display to woo a prospective female.
Males perform better than females in science because of greater biological ability. .
Males perform courtship displays to attract a female mate.
Males perform courtship flights which involve diving down at a high speed to impress the female.
Males perform mating displays in the form of ritualistic combat amongst other males.
Males perform on leks for several hours in the early morning and evening during the spring months.
Males perform physical displays and make vocalizations during courtship.
Males periodically kill females protecting cubs.
Males pick a small territory to dance at dawn, displays last a few hours.
Males pick sites in the weeds and create their territories.
Males play no part in natal drey building or in raising the young.
Males play no part in rearing calves.
Males play no part in rearing the young.
Males play no role in raising the young, leaving the females soon after the mating.
Males play no role in rearing the young and are driven off from the mother's territory after mating.
Males play the primary role in searching for suitable nest sites.
Males play their part by defending the territories and maintaining the burrows.
Males plough most vigorously when they are in the enclosure of another male.
Males posses reproductive organs that resemble a scorpion's tail.
Males possess a long, straight tusk that projects forward from above the mouth.
Males possess a mane and it can range in colors from blonde to red to brown to black.
Males possess a sucker on the ventral fin and a pair of tentacles behind the eyes.
Males possess an organ called dulla, like a pink bladder, normally harbored in the throat.
Males possess conspicuous orange color tail patterns in some populations.
Males possess more hair than the females and have yellow coloration.
Males possess only one copy of the X chromosome, which is inherited from their mother.
Males possess seminal vesicles, and large paraxial organs produce the spermatophore.
Males possess two additional teeth on the anterior most part of the lower jaw.
Males possess two vas deferentia, a swollen portion serving as a seminal vesicle.
Males possess venom sacs but they are small and nonfunctional as adults.
Males predominate among juvenile shoplifters, but the majority of adult shoplifters are women.
Males prefer females with largest swellings.
Males prefer females with white stripes, but females prefer males with tan stripes.
Males prefer flatter regions while females only return to flat coastal areas to bear their young.
Males prefer hedgerows, orchards, flower gardens and the edges of woodlands.
Males prefer larger and more receptive females.
Males prefer markers and handles while females reinforce signals and tokens.
Males prefer mature females, and females prefer dominant males.
Males prefer to isolate or stay in very small groups.
Males prefer war and sports-themed games.
Males prefer woodland edges, orchards, thickets, and hedgerows.
Males preferentially spawn with females who are red, which is the usual color of females.
Males prepare nests among well vegetated shallow areas and usually attend to several females.
Males prepare nests below large, submerged stones or logs.
Males prevent females from leaving the beaches until they have mated.
Males primarily use gossip to forge alliances to determine ranking and hence resource allocations.
Males primarily use their canines to fight others, but antlers can also be used.
Males probably encounter strange males more frequently in the wet season.
Males probably reach similar ages as females, but with a slower growth rate.
Males produce a loud buzz like sound.
Males produce a shrill, piercing song.
Males produce alarm pheromones to reduce such homosexual mating.
Males produce an odor or sex pheromone highly attractive to unmated females.
Males produce bracts or leaves surrounding flower clusters.
Males produce high pitched, frequency modulated calls.
Males produce little ball-like flowers clustered together like grapes called panicles .
Males produce long tubes, or spermataphores, filled with millions of sperm.
Males produce loud calls to attract females and establish their territories.
Males produce loud songs to attract a mate.
Males produce more testosterone.
Males produce packets called spermatophores that contain sperm.
Males produce 'pheromones' to attract females.
Males produce relatively loud, short calls.
Males produce small and females large gametes.
Males produce species-specific proportions of each sperm type.
Males produce sperm and females produce eggs.
Males produce sperm cells, and females produce egg cells.
Males produce sperm from testes that also look like bulges on their bodies.
Males produce sperm that battle each other to fuse with the egg, which is produced by females.
Males produce sperm, which apart from their long tails are tiny.
Males produce sperm, while females produce eggs.
Males produce two song classes.
Males produce very loud but very short calls consisting of a single lisp every couple of seconds.
Males project their sperm out into the water.
Males protect the fry until they leave the nest in about a week.
Males protect their claimed area fiercely.
Males protect their mating partners from other intruding males by defending their territory.
Males provide food for nursing females.
Males provide food to the female during the nest period.
Males provide protection for the eggs , ward off predators, and usually die later in the season.
Males pseudocopulate with orchid flowers.
Males puff out air sacs on their throats and spread their wings as they strut.
Males purchase and use the offering.
Males pursue females, bobbing up and down and displaying their colorful dewlap.
Males pursue larger animals, for example the eastern cottontail.
Males raise a hind leg when spraying their urine, and females squat at the site they wish to spray.
Males raised in isolation produce a characteristic song with no exposure to other singing males.
Males range further than females.
Males range much farther than females.
Males range over larger areas than females.
Males rate themselves higher on achievement, independence, and success in competition.
Males reach about an inch and a half and are usually more brightly colored than females.
Males reach only half that length.
Males reach sexual maturity around their second year.
Males reach sexual maturity at about the same age as a female.
Males reach sexual maturity at around one year and females around one and half years.
Males reach sexual maturity at roughly the same age as their female counterparts.
Males reach sexual maturity at the age of one year.
Males reach sexual maturity at the age of two years, females at the age of three years.
Males reach sexual maturity before females.
Males reach sexual maturity by six months.
Males reach sexual maturity earlier than females.
Males reach sexual maturity in one year, females in two years.
Males reach sexual maturity when nine years old, but females require ten years.
Males reach sizes more than twice that of females.
Males reach their sexual maturity at about ten to twelve years.
Males reach their sexual peak as early as seventeen.
Males receive estrogen therapy to enlarge the breasts.
Males receive half of the dose applied to females.
Males receive more attention from teachers in the classroom than girls do.
Males receive more awards than females, based on their testing performance during high school.
Males receive more teacher attention.
Males receive their X chromosome only from their mothers.
Males recommend no action and nursing home placement more often than any other type of intervention.
Males regrow a new set each year in the spring.
Males regurgitate food for females before eggs are laid.
Males release clouds of milt to fertilize the eggs as they are released into the water column.
Males release smelly substance to attract females.
Males release their sperm the same way.
Males remain black and have whitish fur around their cheeks and on the top of their head.
Males remain immobile until they molt into the adult stage.
Males remain in separate flocks.
Males remain in the region of their court throughout the courting season.
Males remain in their mother's group for life while females emigrate.
Males remain in their natal troop.
Males remain mounted on females back after mating.
Males remain much closer to coastline areas.
Males remain near females during the breeding season, but females initiate copulation.
Males remain reliant on their mothers for support in agonistic situations as adults.
Males remain smaller than females and their legs are longer in proportion to body length.
Males remain solitary during the maternity season.
Males remain with the eggs until they hatch.
Males remate within hours of giving birth.
Males Remove appropriate garments for urination' Wash hands thoroughly with soap and water.
Males reply with loud screaming.
Males report more use of national newspapers and electronic news.
Males require a full year to acquire the distinctive black and orange coloration.
Males require a little more cage space and possibly even a large litter box.
Males require dna sexing.
Males require female activity, specifically flight, in mating.
Males require more iron because the buildup of muscle mass is accompanied by greater blood volume.
Males require more than females.
Males resemble the females in size and coloration.
Males respond by performing ritualized displays that include exposing the blackened chest.
Males respond to song playbacks.
Males respond with a grunt.
Males result from the XY configuration.
Males retain a feature that is useful for females.
Males retain the testes permanently within the abdomen.
Males retain their black crown, green back, and yellow underparts in winter.
Males return to feed females.
Males return to normal colored plumage after first molt.
Males return to the original wormlike shape and leave the roots in search of females.
Males return to the same breeding territory year after year.
Males roam more widely, visiting the core areas of females and subadults.
Males roam much larger territories than the females.
Males roam widely to find females without cubs.
Males roost on their own or in small groups.
Males run toward each other, colliding with their horns.
Males score more highly than females.
Males search for females by letting out high-pitched squeals and tunneling through foreign areas.
Males secrete a fluorescent substance from glands in their legs.
Males secrete a mating pheromone that females follow .
Males secrete a mating pheromone that females follow.
Males secrete a mucous, with which they build bubble nests.
Males secrete a sperm sac, which is transferred to the female.
Males secure a territory, build a nest, and mate with females.
Males see females as sex objects and sirens.
Males see the world as a hierarchy of power.
Males seek female scale insects and mate.
Males seek nutritious forage to maximize body size for competition with other males.
Males seek out females by following their scent.
Males seek out sexually active females using their tongue to detect pheromones in the air.
Males seeking receptive females expand their home ranges up to five times the normal size.
Males seem less inclined to do so.
Males seem more intrested in increasing the number of their genes in the next generation.
Males seem more vulnerable from birth.
Males seem to be able to tolerate lower estuarine salinity better than females.
Males seem to be encouraged by the calls of other males.
Males seem to be less susceptible to pain.
Males seem to be more active than most other species, and fly well.
Males seem to be more affected than females, but both sexes can exhibit signs.
Males seem to be more at risk than women.
Males seem to be more into computer technology than females.
Males seem to be the worst after a neutering.
Males seem to compete for mates, and come out of hibernation before females do.
Males seem to have a larger head than hens, due to a crest that is used when courting hens.
Males seem to like attention more than females, but of course they are all individuals.
Males seem to like small wastes, large curves, and very womanly figures.
Males seem to take a bit longer to reach sexual maturity.
Males seem to take longer than the females to become behaviorally competent to mate.
Males seem to travel further than females.
Males select nest sites at the upstream end of riffles.
Males select the nest site and defend it from other plovers.
Males select the nesting site and actively defend it.
Males serve as sentinels outside the den during the daytime.
Males serve as soldiers in the colonies.
Males serve only one function, to fertilize the queen during swarming.
Males share female blueprint in the fetus.
Males share their territory with several females with whom they mate.
Males shed their antlers at the beginning of winter after the mating season in the fall.
Males shed their antlers in the winter.
Males shed their antlers prior to winter, while female antlers are retained throughout winter.
Males show a distinctive white stripe on the body and a green eye patch, otherwise being brownish.
Males show aggression to each other only in a breeding season.
Males show enormous development of the neck folds.
Males show higher levels of physical aggression, while females are more verbally aggressive.
Males show larger cerebellum than females.
Males show more lateralization than females.
Males show no performance advantages over equivalent geldings.
Males show off the color of their feathers and sing to attract as many females as they can.
Males show readiness to mate by pouncing near their mate.
Males simply wait for their turn.
Males sing complex melodies.
Males sing in late afternoon and continues until after dark.
Males sing just before sunrise, and mated pairs sing duets during the morning.
Males sing loudly and flash bunches of hair on their backs.
Males sing songs to attract a mate.
Males sing their musical trill with abandon on all but the coldest days.
Males sing their sweet, explosive songs frequently during spring and early summer.
Males sing to attract attention to themselves.
Males sing to attract females and to defend their territory against other males.
Males sing to attract females.
Males sing to attract mates, and learn their songs by imitating other zebra finches.
Males sing to attract mates.
Males sing to declare their territorial boundaries.
Males sing, females give a little click in response, and they mate.
Males sing, females respond, mating begins, and the cycle of life begins again.
Males sit on the eggs mainly at night.
Males smell the pheromones and are attracted to the flowers thinking that they are female bees.
Males snort and paw the ground to raise dust in a show of aggression.
Males soon die and females seek a suitable nesting site.
Males sound a deep, two-part booming call in the morning and at dusk.
Males sound like they have a sore throat.
Males spawn every other year and females every third year.
Males spawn with several females in a single nest.
Males specially view euthanasia as a more practical solution to end someone s pain.
Males spend inordinate amounts of time getting laid.
Males spend many nights calling to attract a mate.
Males spend most of their time in harborage, even at night.
Males spend much energy in performing elaborate courtship rituals.
Males spend much of their time flying in search of females.
Males spend much time grooming each other.
Males spend shorter periods of time in the den, and can be seen on the land any time of the year.
Males spend the warm months alone.
Males spend the winter alone.
Males spend their days making rattlesnake-like buzzing sounds to attract females.
Males spend their entire lives inside the brood gallery.
Males spend their entire lives with there mothers, while females leave at sexual maturity.
Males spend their lifetime in the ocean, while females come ashore only to lay their eggs.
Males spend their time eating and searching for mates.
Males spend their time perched on vegetation, awaiting mates.
Males spend time in rough play.
Males sport a red nape.
Males sport large antlers in late summer through winter.
Males sport large antlers that grow skyward, forking at the base and again inside each main beam.
Males spread out and claim large territories that usually contain or overlap females' territories.
Males spread their wings out when they're at rest.
Males stake out a territory, but females share their areas with other females and calves.
Males stake out territories and there is always a dominant male in any group.
Males stake out their territories before the females arrive, singing love songs to attract a mate.
Males stake out their territories before the females arrive, singing love songs to the females.
Males start maturing first and give off an odour which stimulates maturation in the females.
Males start to breed when they are four or five years old.
Males start to establish small display territories two months ahead of the mating season.
Males start to flower in the second year whereas females one year later.
Males start to pursue goldfish relentlessly, creating quite a splash.
Males start to rove around a year to two years old.
Males start using marijuana earlier and use marijuana more often than females.
Males state the day's lip rant.
Males stay in a natal group and travel together.
Males stay in breeding ponds for about a month, but females stay less than a week.
Males stay in the ponds for about a month, and females stay less than a week.
Males stay near the nest.
Males stay near their breeding grounds.
Males stay on the nests to guard the fertilized eggs, but move to deeper pools following the hatch.
Males stay with the females through the breeding season, and the pairs often sit outside the burrow.
Males stay with the herd until young adults and then leave to join a small bachelor herd.
Males stay with the herd when one or more females are in estrus.
Males stay with their mothers for at least eight years.
Males still consume a lot more, but it seems the girls are catching up.
Males still dominate the highest leadership positions in public schools.
Males still outnumber females by far.
Males stomp their feet as part of the dance.
Males stretch out in the pit.
Males surf in non-news programs.
Males survive for only a few days after emerging.
Males survive on flower nectar and other plant juices.
Males swarm at dusk with mating occurring after females enter the swarm.
Males swim faster while female sperm live longer.
Males take advantage of females naturally grouping together on land.
Males take an active role in raising the pups.
Males take far more nectar than females.
Males take flight during late spring in search of females.
Males take no part in child rearing .
Males take no part in rearing their young.
Males take no part in the care of the young.
Males take no part in the rearing of young.
Males take no role in the care of young turkeys.
Males take on the role of dominance, while women are the nurturers.
Males take over a year to reach adult plumage.
Males take over when females leave the nest.
Males take the entire responsibility for nesting and rearing the young.
Males take the present moment as a headline for things to come.
Males take two years to achieve their definitive plumage.
Males tend make the best pet for single person or adult person households.
Males tend the eggs, whereas females jealously compete for additional mates.
Males tend to allogroom and sniff offspring rather extensively.
Males tend to arrive a few days ahead of females, to stake claim of suitable nesting sites.
Males tend to attract females with pheromones as the females pass through their territories.
Males tend to be a bit larger than females.
Males tend to be a bit more laid back in general and are every bit as affectionate.
Males tend to be affected more frequently than females.
Males tend to be clumped together during the breeding season.
Males tend to be darker than females.
Males tend to be darker, and young animals often have golden undertones to their coat.
Males tend to be darker, females grayer, but overlap makes determining sex of many problematic.
Males tend to be dog aggressive by nature.
Males tend to be easy-going, devoted, friendly companions, and are more challenging than aggressive.
Males tend to be heavier smokers than females, both nationally and in Queensland.
Males tend to be highly territorial and keeping multiple males in small enclosures is inadvisable.
Males tend to be larger and have broader heads.
Males tend to be larger and heavier than females in most species.
Males tend to be larger and heavier than females.
Males tend to be larger in size and have a slight bump that protrudes from their head.
Males tend to be larger than females and can be distinguished by their large tail.
Males tend to be larger than females and possess long, curved horns on their heads.
Males tend to be larger than females in all measurements.
Males tend to be larger than females in length and weight.
Males tend to be larger than females.
Males tend to be larger than the females.
Males tend to be less tolerant of other males than they are of females.
Males tend to be longer and more heavily bodied than females.
Males tend to be louder.
Males tend to be more aggressive than females.
Males tend to be more boisterous and indipendent,and are also more challenging to train.
Males tend to be more bold and outgoing, while females tend to be calmer and more submissive.
Males tend to be more happy go lucky, and are less picky about who they receive attention from.
Males tend to be more inquisitive than females in captivity.
Males tend to be more muscle dominant, relying on muscle mass as a major support for their joints.
Males tend to be more outgoing and are more aggressive hunters than females.
Males tend to be more pushy and dominant, females tend to be softer.
Males tend to be more rambunctious.
Males tend to be more social than females under natural conditions.
Males tend to be more solitary after reaching maturity and join with groups during mating.
Males tend to be more toxic.
Males tend to be more vibrant in color than females.
Males tend to be older, ranging from about twenty to thirty-five years of age.
Males tend to be opportunistic and have sex out of marriage because it is available and pleasurable.
Males tend to be orange red in colouring while females are often blue grey.
Males tend to be partially solitary, however, females and juveniles typically coexist.
Males tend to be pinker than females due to more frequent trauma from intra-species aggression.
Males tend to be promiscuous.
Males tend to be significantly larger than females.
Males tend to be slender and more active than hermaphrodites, and have tails with fan-shaped rays.
Males tend to be slightly larger and heavier than females.
Males tend to be slightly larger than females but both are similar in appearance.
Males tend to be slightly larger than females, but just as elegant.
Males tend to be slightly larger than females.
Males tend to be slightly larger than the females.
Males tend to be slightly more loyal and enjoy repetitive play.
Males tend to be smaller and more vibrant in color.
Males tend to be smaller in terms of body size, yet they have proportionally longer legs.
Males tend to be smaller than females.
Males tend to be smaller, around a foot and a half in length.
Males tend to be solitary and territorial, and young males tend to form bachelor groups.
Males tend to be solitary.
Males tend to be somewhat larger than females.
Males tend to be territorial staying close by water to guard their hunting and mating grounds.
Males tend to be the most aggressive, both to each other and to unresponsive females.
Males tend to be very aggressive during the breeding season.
Males tend to be very territorial and keep a harem of females during the breeding season.
Males tend to become active earlier and for longer periods than females.
Males tend to become sexually mature slightly later than females, generally by a few months.
Males tend to bond with each other unless both have dominant personalities.
Males tend to compete with one another to gain the female's attention.
Males tend to develop much broader heads and a larger black beard.
Males tend to disperse after the breeding season.
Males tend to eat more fish than the females.
Males tend to emerge several days before females.
Males tend to emerge two to three days before females.
Males tend to engage in riskier behaviour and are less likely to seek assistance from others.
Males tend to favor the invertebrates with females specializing on mussels.
Males tend to flower a few days earlier than females.
Males tend to fly shortly after dusk.
Males tend to forage along branches that are larger in diameter than the branches chosen by females.
Males tend to forage farther out than females, which stay closer to the trunk.
Males tend to forage higher and in more open foliage than females.
Males tend to forage higher than females during the breeding season.
Males tend to forage higher than females.
Males tend to forage on smaller branches, higher in the tree, and at a faster rate than do females.
Males tend to form herds that travel over greater distances than females.
Males tend to form separate male subgroups at certain times of the year.
Males tend to get the disorder in childhood and females in their twenties.
Males tend to grow larger than females of the same age.
Males tend to grunt when mating.
Males tend to have a larger head and appear more stought.
Males tend to have a much harsher tone to all their vocalizations.
Males tend to have a shorter blunt-looking muzzle too.
Males tend to have a slightly lighter breast.
Males tend to have closer eye separation than female, making their snouts narrower.
Males tend to have darker coloration than females.
Males tend to have darker, more conspicuous markings than the females.
Males tend to have larger barbells than the females but there really is no other way of knowing.
Males tend to have larger heads than females, in part because of swollen jowls.
Males tend to have larger ranges, overlapping the females.
Males tend to have larger territory than females.
Males tend to have longer tails than females.
Males tend to have more severe acne than females.
Males tend to have slightly more yellow facial coloration than females.
Males tend to have smaller bodies than females but they have longer legs.
Males tend to have stronger right hemisphere function.
Males tend to have the copper or chocolate colored band about twice as often as females.
Males tend to have the curlier coats, while females have the waves.
Males tend to hold their heads higher.
Males tend to join together and create herds that travel greater distances then females.
Males tend to like action, while women are more into role-playing adventures.
Males tend to live alone or in small, bachelor groups with changing membership.
Males tend to live for shorter periods and populations appear female biased as a result.
Males tend to lose their hair in what's known as 'male pattern balding'.
Males tend to mark more often than females.
Males tend to mature later, being sexually mature by eight to ten weeks.
Males tend to migrate first, with females following.
Males tend to occupy deeper burrows than females.
Males tend to out perform girls in the areas of math and science.
Males tend to reach sexual maturity at a smaller size than do females.
Males tend to react to obvious signs of availability shown by females but miss many subtle signals.
Males tend to receive more and better food than females.
Males tend to remain along the coast, while family groups and subadults go further inland.
Males tend to remain in alpine-like habitats, while females seek more cover.
Males tend to roam in search of females rather than remain as part of a group.
Males tend to run one to two inches taller, and three to six pounds heavier, than females.
Males tend to score at the higher and lower ends while females' scores are more consistent.
Males tend to score higher than females on tasks involving quantitative or mathematical ability.
Males tend to serve more readily as mentors to other males, and women tend to mentor other women.
Males tend to show marine green to blue coloration.
Males tend to show more aggression and urine-marking around the time of the females' estrous cycle.
Males tend to show turqoise to aqua blue.
Males tend to sing more than females, and they sing more in the spring.
Males tend to speak more than females and higher socioeconomic status jurors participate more.
Males tend to stick together for their whole lives.
Males tend to talk and whistle more than a female.
Males tend to use cigars, as well as smokeless tobacco and pipes, more than females.
Males tend to use the legs-apart postures more frequently than females.
Males tend to venture above ground first and fight vigorously with each other.
Males tend to wander farther, at a younger age, than females.
Males tend to wander, especially if there are females in the neighborhood.
Males then defend and fan the eggs.
Males then face off and batter each other head to head with incredible force.
Males then fly about seeking females to mate with.
Males then guard the eggs until hatched.
Males then initiate upwind flight toward the pheromone source.
Males then join a bachelor herd and females the heifer group.
Males then look after the chicks for about a month until they fledge.
Males then provide a constant supply of sperm to the female.
Males then release their sperm in the water nearby.
Males then shoulder the duty of supplying food to mother and offspring.
Males then swim over the nest and deposit sperm on the eggs.
Males thereafter produce hair on the face, back and limbs.
Males therefore compete against each other for access to females.
Males therefore compete among themselves for fertilization opportunities.
Males threaten and beat the females away from the nest.
Males thus look for reproductive value in females, while females look more to resourcing value.
Males together tend to fight.
Males traditionally have a black iris, while the female's tends to be reddish.
Males transfer between groups when sexual maturity is attained.
Males transfer between groups.
Males transfer from troop to troop.
Males transfer to females both sperm types in the same ratio that males produce.
Males transfer troops at least once in their lifetime, beginning at puberty.
Males travel greater distances seeking mates.
Males travel long distances, paying little attention to other orang-utans that they meet.
Males travel most widely, covering the home ranges of several females and their cubs.
Males travel over twice as far on bicycles as females.
Males try inhalants earlier than females.
Males try to solve problems, females look for sounding boards.
Males tunnel out of the ground to select a new territory for mating.
Males turn a characteristic bright cobalt blue during the spring breeding season.
Males turn blue as they mature.
Males turn images into action, and women turn their fantasies into motives for love.
Males turn orange on the underside when they are breeding.
Males typically are the ones to find the nesting site.
Males typically become very vocal during mating.
Males typically begin calling to attract mates shortly after arrival.
Males typically begin growing a new set of antlers in late spring.
Males typically begin to breed in their third year.
Males typically call from leaves covered by other leaves.
Males typically defend their territories with posturing and aerial displays.
Males typically die one to two weeks after they become adults.
Males typically disperse as subadults or adults.
Males typically disperse farther than females and also experience a higher mortality rate.
Males typically emerge before females and are smaller than females.
Males typically fight one another for the right to mate with the females.
Males typically forage far and wide for food, whereas females stay on the nest, or nearby.
Males typically have a grey, creamy white or steely grey background colour.
Males typically have larger home ranges than females.
Males typically have larger territories than females.
Males typically have significantly larger home ranges than both gravid and non-gravid females.
Males typically live for ten years in the wild, and females for up to seventeen years.
Males typically live only about a week.
Males typically migrate earlier than females.
Males typically outnumber females.
Males typically require only one course of therapy.
Males typically rest singly.
Males typically roost in smaller groups or alone during the summer.
Males typically show a distinct lateral band that ends some distance prior to caudal spot.
Males typically skirt the edges of kill sites, snatching scraps dropped by females.
Males typically spend a great deal of time in moist habitats where snails are abundant.
Males typically take a year or two longer before they're ready, however.
Males typically travel greater distances than females.
Males typically use open habitats, such as mature hardwoods, fields and poorly stocked forests.
Males undergo six instars, while females undergo seven.
Males urinate on their hands and cover their body with urine to attract the females.
Males use a consonant, females use a vowel.
Males use a courtship call to show the female the nest site.
Males use a larger home range area than females use.
Males use a scent produced in the face gland to mark their territory.
Males use a series of rapid clicking sounds as a mating call.
Males use antlers to show dominance or to defend themselves.
Males use body movements to visually communicate the boundaries of their territory to other fish.
Males use calls to attract the females.
Males use deadly weapons for sport, for war, for personal gain far more frequently than do females.
Males use different brays when calling for relief of nest duties and for bonding displays.
Males use flashes to signal females and the interval between flashes identifies the species.
Males use more violent means - guns, hanging, etc.
Males use spicules to hold the female during copulation.
Males use spicules to hold the females during copulation.
Males use the computer more.
Males use the offering but females tend to purchase the offering.
Males use the oversize claw in courtship gestures and in defense.
Males use the tusk to determine social rank and compete for females.
Males use their antlers to fight each other for access to females.
Males use their antlers, while females use their feet to defend against predators.
Males use their body to get what they want - females use their minds.
Males use their bright feathers to attract mates.
Males use their home ranges for both access to feeding and nesting and also to reproductive females.
Males use their horns to defend their mates against competitors.
Males use their long curved flippers and claws to grip a female during mating.
Males use their long front legs to grab the females.
Males use their organ to rub females and improve their sperm's chance of success.
Males use their pectines to detect pheromones produced by receptive females.
Males use their tusks for the fights during the mating season.
Males use their tusks when sparring with each other and establishing dominance.
Males use three mating strategies when attracting females.
Males use tongue-flicking to follow the female's pheromone trails.
Males use vocalizations to establish territory.
Males use wallows much like elk, to cool themselves and mark their territories during the rut.
Males use well-developed, light coloured, quadripectinate antennae to locate the calling females.
Males utter deep, mellow, owl-like whoos.
Males vary more in their reproductive success than females.
Males vary with size and size matters in who wins a contest.
Males vibrate their wings and raise their crown feathers and sing.
Males vie for a female during noisy battles.
Males vigorously defend the nest against predators.
Males vigorously defend their territories.
Males visit female home ranges at the time of breeding.
Males visit wet sand at landslips and river crossings.
Males vocalize more quietly and produce rasping sound.
Males wait for females in clearings or on ridge tops.
Males wait for the females to return and then try to attract mates by hand waving.
Males wait in lounge.
Males wait in swift water over the gravel for the gravid females to dart up from placid water below.
Males wait longer than females to shed the white plumage in the breeding season.
Males wander further and mark their own area at a younger age.
Males wander in search of females and are more likely to be seen during the day.
Males wander restlessly, cry loudly to get out, and spray strong-smelling urine about the premises.
Males watch over the den while females forage to support milk production.
Males watch over the females and the young ones.
Males wave their claws to challenge other males to fight.
Males wave their wings and call in a display at the nest site.
Males wear the mask, although it does depict a female.
Males weave a silken mat on which to lay their sperm.
Males weigh about , and females weigh about .
Males weigh about six pounds while females weigh about four pounds.
Males weigh twelve to twenty pounds, with females weighing ten to fifteen pounds.
Males weigh up to  in the wild.
Males weigh up to in the wild .
Males welcome new females to their territory to broaden their sexual opportunities.
Males welcome to attend.
Males winter farther north than females, often as far north as there is open water.
Males winter farther north than females.
Males zealously guard the nests from all intruders and keep the eggs free from silt.
Males always alate, with well-developed eyes and ocelli.
Males always initiate spawning.
Males frequently develop carbuncles on the back of the neck.
Males frequently develop infections or tumors of the prostate.
Males frequently possess a higher micron value than females.
Males frequently spar in a particular manner known as 'necking'.
Males often are that much smaller than their mates.
Males often become bad-tempered and unmanageable.
Males often become more noisy at the start of the season, giving frequent 'bomb whistles'.
Males often bellow loudly during breeding season.
Males often build and guard nests.
Males often call from under water and the call is barely audible when made above water.
Males often can increase their reproductive success by extra-pair copulations.
Males often chase females.
Males often chorus in large numbers while perched at edge of water or floating on it.
Males often defend territories around the nests of one of more females.
Males often defend their homes and compete over females by kicking, clawing, and chasing each other.
Males often develop vocal sacs.
Males often differ from females in having a curved tail end.
Males often display impressive plumage during mating season.
Males often do more of the hunting for brood rearing and so do more flying.
Males often drool quite heavily.
Males often drum with their abdomen to attract females.
Males often engage in active searching and competition for individual females.
Males often engage in courtship disruption practices.
Males often engage in ritual fights.
Males often establish territories and they are also very fond of mud-puddles.
Males often exceed seven feet in length and one ton in weight.
Males often extend the dewlap to look more threatening or to attract a mate.
Males often fight over females.
Males often fly with fish in their mouth to attract females.
Males often follow the female around for several days prior to courtship and copulation.
Males often gather in loose lek-like formations on top of low hilltops and display for females.
Males often groom females, but are more inclined to do so when the female in question is in estrus.
Males often hassle females for a day or two after spawning.
Males often have a more unusual shape.
Males often have a pink or red band on sides.
Males often have a reddish stain on their chest, indicating an active scent gland.
Males often have a short haircut.
Males often have a wide flat area beneath the hairline that often slopes forward more than females.
Males often have a yellowish suffusion on the throat.
Males often have fatter, bigger tails than females.
Males often have larger claws and more white flesh.
Males often have more negative perceptions than females.
Males often have red or yellow on their heads.
Males often have small blue dots on their tails and backs.
Males often have to fight with each other in order to earn the right to mate with a given female.
Males often inherit the spare tire around the middle.
Males often kill the babies of rivals to increase the availability of females to mate again.
Males often locate females by their scent.
Males often manipulate teens into a sexual relationship by exploiting feelings of low self-esteem.
Males often mark rocks and trees near resting areas with their dorsal glands.
Males often mate with many females.
Males often mate with more than one female during breeding season.
Males often move a distance of up to twenty miles away from their mothers.
Males often move from troop to troop to gain higher rank with the resulting benefits.
Males often move to low salinities, in the bay and tidal rivers.
Males often pass a small item like a fruit, insect, or flower petal, to the female.
Males often patrol at treetop level and swoop to lower levels to intercept females for mating.
Males often play the monkey role.
Males often range together for a period shortly after leaving their mothers.
Males often shed their skin about a month after resuming feeding, females a little later.
Males often sing from high perches.
Males often succumb to the phonotatic parasitoid fly.
Males often travel miles in search of a mate.
Males often use hissing to warn other males to get away from territory.
Males often use their entire bodies as weapons during attacks.
Males often use their teeth to hold the females motionless during mating.
Males often utter a low bellow on coming across a female or a herd of females in the mating season.
Males often vocalize while mating, which attracts the attention of other males.
Males sometimes attract two females to use extra houses.
Males sometimes bring nest material to the female, who does most of the building.
Males sometimes care for orphaned siblings, even if the care-giving male is fully mature.
Males sometimes defend the female whom they are courting.
Males sometimes drink from mud.
Males sometimes eat the young of displaced or deceased males.
Males sometimes experience swelling of the testes as well.
Males sometimes fight to gain control of harems by biting and butting of other males.
Males sometimes form bonds with two females.
Males sometimes have more than one mate.
Males sometimes leave the group for a short time to look for females in other groups to mate with .
Males sometimes leave the group for a short time to look for females in other groups to mate with.
Males sometimes live with a small group of brothers from the same litter.
Males sometimes mob females in eagerness to mate.
Males sometimes nicker to show interest in females.
Males sometimes possess a higher micron value than females.
Males sometimes pursue females.
Males sometimes sing during the night.
Males usually act aggressively with other groups whereas females usually just scent mark.
Males usually are active in the days for most of the prolonged breeding season.
Males usually are dominant to females but have only a limited leadership role.
Males usually are larger than females.
Males usually arrive at a site before females.
Males usually arrive at the breeding territory one week before the females.
Males usually arrive at the nest-site first.
Males usually arrive before females and stake out territories in tall trees.
Males usually arrive first, and stay longer.
Males usually arrive on breeding grounds one week prior to arrival of females.
Males usually become sexually mature before females.
Males usually begin to fly at bloom or petal-fall.
Males usually call from the cover of vegetation or underneath the sand.
Males usually come above ground one to three weeks before the females.
Males usually come out of hibernation before females and subadults.
Males usually die after mating and the females after laying eggs.
Males usually die shortly after mating with a female.
Males usually differ from females in the possession of gaudy color patches and patterns.
Males usually disperse, females usually remain close to natal area.
Males usually dominate females.
Males usually emerge a little faster than femlaes.
Males usually enter the spawning area first.
Males usually equate thinness with weakness and frailty, things they desperately want to avoid.
Males usually extend their territories in order to attract as much females as they can.
Males usually fight for a mate.
Males usually gather nest materials, which they ritually offer to their mates.
Males usually grow faster than females.
Males usually grow larger and heavier than females.
Males usually hatch out of their pupa form before females.
Males usually have a more prominent brow ridge, eyesockets, and jaw.
Males usually have black antennal knobs.
Males usually have black-boardered blue patches on the belly and a blue throat patch.
Males usually have clear and longer ventral fins.
Males usually have darker colours and a bit plumper.
Males usually have home ranges that overlap with several female s home ranges.
Males usually have larger canine teeth than females.
Males usually have larger heads, longer hair on the chest and more feathering than females.
Males usually have larger pectines than females.
Males usually have light streaks on the abdomen.
Males usually have more brillant plumage.
Males usually have more oil glands and more acne.
Males usually have more pronounced symptoms.
Males usually have much thinner abdomens and have two dark claspers associated with the genitalia.
Males usually have orange webbed feet, while females have yellow webbed feet.
Males usually have thicker necks than females.
Males usually have thicker skin than females as well.
Males usually have white blotches around the navel.
Males usually have whiter breasts with fewer and smaller dark specks.
Males usually incubate during the day, females at night.
Males usually leave the natal group while females stay on.
Males usually live alone .
Males usually live alone.
Males usually live less than a week.
Males usually live on their own once they are mature.
Males usually live with the family and help care for the young.
Males usually mature later than females.
Males usually mature more slowly, and can take as long as ten or twelve years before reproducing.
Males usually moult first, and can be found lying underneath engorged nymphs and female ticks.
Males usually occupy distinct areas, and are tolerant of transients of both sexes.
Males usually occur at higher densities.
Males usually occur in clusters on the leaf.
Males usually originate from other mobs .
Males usually outnumber and reach the ponds before females.
Males usually outnumber the females during the spawning migration.
Males usually pass through a given area in their territory about once every two weeks.
Males usually play no part in raising the joey.
Males usually pupate and emerge in early spring.
Males usually range over larger areas than do females.
Males usually reach sexual maturity at a younger age and a smaller size than females.
Males usually reach sexual maturity from one to two years of age but sometimes sooner.
Males usually remain solitary, though some do form bachelor groups.
Males usually return to the colony first, followed shortly after by females.
Males usually rove alone or in pairs.
Males usually sing for extended periods in the early morning and sometimes throughout the night.
Males usually spin a sperm web onto which they deposit sperm.
Males usually stay on the nest during the day and the females stay on the nest at night.
Males usually stay small, but females can grow to a foot in diameter or larger.
Males usually stay smaller than females.
Males usually surface well before the females.
Males usually swarm very near the water, though swarm formations vary from species to species.
Males usually take on the responsibility for caring for elderly parents and relatives.
Males usually travel alone.
Males usually visit the border most often.
Males usually weigh more than females.
All males are at risk of testicular cancer, regardless of age.
All males are capable of multiple orgasms.
All males are dominant to females.
All males are even numbers and all females are odd numbers.
All males are familiar with how Real Men are supposed to act.
All males are monomorphic.
All males are there only to be conquered and do the bidding of the strong female characters.
All males can fly, but only a few females can do so.
All males have a yellow to orange beak which resembles a piece of candy corn.
All males have blue scrotums, the alpha male developing the deepest blue.
All males have to have some shirtless scenes.
All males sing the same song during a season, though it is often rewritten, or altered.
Any male can receive a free vasectomy on request.
Any male has the potential of joining an outlaw motorcycle club.
Any males going to prison to have their term reduced is they get a vasectomy.
Every male aged twenty is subject to two years military service.
Every male has a different song .
Every male has a different song.
Every male has two hemipenes in the base of the tail.
Every male is born with a covering over the sensitive end of the penis.
Every male sings the same song, and the song changes slightly from year to year.
Many males also are much darker than the holotype.
Many males also go through courting rituals to attract females.
Many males also use artificial lubricants to facilitate masturbation.
Many males are smaller, and many females are larger.
Many males are solitary.
Many males are uncomfortable with narrow gender roles and their peer's abusive behavior.
Many males can often find the same female.
Many males die after spawning.
Many males die annually from injuries incurred while fighting during breeding seasons.
Many males have what are called retractile testes.
Many males ignore the existence of the clitoris.
Many males leave a sperm packet on the ground that is later picked up by the female.
Many males live solitary lives or enter a group when mature.
More males are unemployed than females.
More males seek treatment for eating disorders .
More males suffer from ADD than females, near a three to one ratio.
More males use drugs than females, but the gap between the two has become smaller.
Most male have a small indented area there that is an erogenous zone.
Most males are bright colored with bold patterns.
Most males are pale to brick red.
Most males are slimmer, more active and have a more intense colouration.
Most males are territorial, marking with urine, feces and scratch marks.
Most males are very familiar with reading owner's manuals.
Most males consider clogs as mainstream fashion for females but cheeky and avante garde for men.
Most males die early in the spring after being driven from the nests.
Most males get erections.
Most males have a pair of tusks which are actually ever-growing upper incisors.
Most males have an XY chromosome structure.
Most males have black or tawny manes of varying length growing from the head, neck, and shoulders.
Most males have erections periodically throughout the night.
Most males have some red on the head, and many species have black and white marks.
Most males imported have red dorsals.
Most males mature at age four, most females by age five.
Most males molt during the summer and fall months, but the time can vary greatly by year and area.
Most males never come ashore again.
Most males never divulge the nature of what they think about.
Most males provide parental care because they are simultaneously holding a territory.
Most males reach sexually maturity by the time they are three or four.
Most males roost elsewhere in smaller groups.
Most males spawn every other year, while some do so every year.
Most males think they have to be built and as strong as they can be to fit into society today.
Some males also become excellent and trustworthy kitten-sitters.
Some males also possess bite wounds but they are much less common compared to the females.
Some males also use silk to tie up the females as part of a courtship ritual.
Some males are able to orgasm with prostate stimulation alone .
Some males are able to orgasm with prostate stimulation alone.
Some males are conspicuous with a blue-green coloration on their dewlap, ventral sides, and tail.
Some males are even larger.
Some males are happy with their relationships, but have an overly active libido.
Some males are monogamous and others are bigamous.
Some males are mostly white and have a very pronounced white eyebrow.
Some males are solitary and territorial.
Some males are strongly territorial for part of the year.
Some males become solitary after they have reached adulthood.
Some males can be aggressive with other male dogs in the household.
Some males can follow a female's dragline.
Some males embrace females with spiny claspers in a viselike grip that causes damage.
Some males engage despotic sexuality.
Some males go to any expense to subvert female choice, even infanticide .
Some males have a few teeth in the upper jaw but nothing like what's shown in the picture.
Some males have a pronounced crest on the top of the neck and back, and sometimes the tail.
Some males have a red underside right down to their back legs at the height of the breeding season.
Some males have bloody tails which indicated they have been fanning beds.
Some males have head ornamentation .
Some males have more gold on the back than others.
Some males have red anal fins, some have yellow anal fins, and others have blue anal fins.
Some males have shorter and more curved forceps than others.
Some males have thin cuticle extensions on both sides of the anus called bursae .
Some males have three pairs of eyes.
Some males have yellowish areas on the face.
Some males lead a solitary life.
Some males mate with any female they encounter.
Some males mate with more than one female in a breeding season.
Some males never develop any symptoms.
Some males never mature sexually, even though they develop mature plumage.
Some males roost in a shallow dugout near the primary nesting cavity.
Some males show a yellowish to red color.
Some males show green on back and head.
Some males spend time away before joining moving on and joining up to another group.
Some males stick out their chest, and some stoop forward while they are displaying.
Some males try to lay eggs.
Some males undergo castration to be accepted in the community.
A malefactor is principal
Any malefactor can manipulate a photo or claim it was manipulated.
A maleo is a bird
Maleo has a reddish-orange beak.
Males body is white, fins are blue and white.
Malevolence awaits a perfect division, as four makes five for apocalypse.
Malevolence is hatred
Malformation is an affliction
Malformation is failure.
Malformation refers to a primary defect in the cells or tissue forming an organ or organ system.
Malformations are more common among identical twins than fraternal twins.
Malformations are remarkably frequent in Roc buck's horns.
Malformations are usually posterior and unilateral.
Malformations can reflect either incomplete fusion, or failure of septal degeneration.
Malformations develop early in the pregnancy.
Malformations involving the feet and rectum often accompany agenesis of the abdominal musculature.
Malformations occur within all plants and animals.
Some malformations are quite subtle.
Malformed fruit is more likely to appear early in the harvest.
A malfunction is failure
Malfunction can occur at any point in the process.
Malfunction continues to increase.
Malfunction is identified by and within each and every nucleated cell of the colony.
Malfunction is their only food for thought.
Malfunctions are also quite infrequent.
Malfunctions are capable of short circuits.
Malfunctions are failure.
Malfunctions are glitches, bugs, breakdowns, natural disasters, and the like.
Malfunctions can be extremely disorienting, and can also have a high descent rate.
Malfunctions can cause patient injury.
Malfunctions cause thousands of person-days in lost productivity.
Malfunctions getting that far are apt to be costly to repair.
Malfunctions shown in the troubleshooting tables are in numerical order.
Malfunctions void all plays and pays.
Most malfunctions are due to incorrect operation or negligence by the user.
Some malfunctions are correctable.
Some malfunctions start as slow speed on large parachutes.
Mali has (part) Niger.
Mali is part of Africa.
Mali isa thing.
Most Malian musicians are jalis.
Malian researchers study blood smears in one of the new labs.
Malibu campus enjoys a spectacularly beautiful and strategic location.
Malibu disc brakes.
Malibu engineers listen.
Malibu leaders call the allegations preposterous and are promising a fight.
Malicious applets are quite easy to create, and they are equally easy to find on the Web.
Malicious applets can introduce a viros or harm a PC or a network.
Malicious applets come in all shapes and sizes.
Malicious attachments can tunnel through firewalls.
Malicious attacks involve the theft of data.
Malicious behavior causes nothing, but quarrel and friction.
Malicious behavior is a smaller problem than is often feared.
Malicious code can impact on one or all aspects of the security requirements ie.
Malicious code interferes with a system to a significant degree.
Malicious code is inserted into the incoming message attachment and it can be executed later.
Malicious damage carries the same penalties.
Malicious employees pose an even bigger threat.
Malicious generalizations alternate with lies.
Malicious gossip can poison a society.
Malicious gossip is gossip
Malicious gossip is indiscretionate and it always causes someone great pain and anguish.
Malicious gossips are a different vermin entirely.
Much malicious gossip is conducted unconsciously, an act that requires self-deception.
Malicious hackers can apparently crash a machine with such a command.
Malicious hatred is a sin.
Malicious information can result in a disaster.
Malicious intent is confined to a few, according to scholars and consultants.
Malicious libel enjoys no constitutional protection in any context.
Malicious macros can equally attack either system.
Malicious meddlers do exist, unfortunately.
Malicious mischief is destruction
Malicious mischief is mischief
Malicious mischief is the intentional use of the computer to cause harm, inconvenience or confusion.
Malicious prosecution continues.
Malicious scripts are subject to immediate account cancellation.
Malicious software can damage or destroy both programs and data.
Malicious usage can lead to the application crashing.
Malicious users can easily launch an attack by altering the records in the DNS database.
Malicious users can exploit bugs to make the software behave in unintended ways.
Malicious users know the path and file name of files that contain sensitive data.
Malicious users try to camouflage harmful software in an effort to get others to run it.
Malicious vandalism is now the biggest cause of railway accidents.
Malicious viruses are increasingly prevalent and spread rapidly over the Internet.
Malicious viruses can be dangerous to data.
More malicious viruses are often harder to discover.
Malicious websites attempt to install spyware on readers' computers .
Malicious wounding is an offence punishable by up to five years' imprisonment.
Malicious wounding requires proof of no such element.
Malignancies are aggressive and survival is usually measured in months from date of discovery.
Malignancies can occur in every location within the body.
Malignancies develop when .
Malignancies grow more rapidly than do benign forms and invade adjacent normal tissues.
Malignancy is a disease
Malignancy is diseases.
Many malignancies can develop in vulvar structures.
Malignant cancer is much more aggressive.
Malignant cancers are fatal in the vast majority of cases.
Malignant cases have three characteristic stages of infection, remission and intoxication.
Malignant cells are mixed with the blood salvaged from the surgical field.
Malignant cells are pleomorphic with large distorted nuclei.
Malignant cells are present.
Malignant cells are typically more sensitive to slightly elevated temperatures.
Malignant cells can also spread to other parts of the body through the blood and lymph systems.
Malignant cells can invade and destroy nearby tissue and spread to other parts of the body.
Malignant cells can invade and destroy nearby tissues and organs.
Malignant cells proliferate excessively from the epidermis and result in a tumor.
Malignant cells show variable nuclear size and shape and prominent nucleoli.
Many malignant cells are quasidiploid.
Malignant change appears to be more frequent among nonsmokers.
Malignant change is uncommon.
Malignant change is very rare and manifests histologically as brain invasion.
Malignant change is very rare.
Malignant cookies are a different animal altogether.
Malignant degeneration can occur and has been seen in three instances by the author.
Malignant degeneration is extremely rare.
Malignant degeneration is very rare in children, but in adults, most die within a year of diagnosis.
Malignant degeneration occurs more commonly with complete molar pregnancy.
Malignant disease is invasive, destructive, and tends to metastasize.
Malignant edema does differ from blackleg in some respects.
Malignant glands infiltrate into contiguous liver tissue.
Malignant glioma is the most common type of brain tumor and is almost always fatal.
Malignant glioma is the third biggest cancer killer in the young and resists current treatments.
Malignant gliomas are rare.
Malignant gliomas are the most common brain tumors in adults.
Malignant gliomas are very deadly tumors.
Malignant growth is cancerous.
Malignant growths are caused by earth rays, bacteria, and fungi.
Malignant histiocytes are abnormal.
Malignant histiocytosis is the more aggressive form and usually leads to death in a matter of weeks.
Malignant histiocytosis progresses rapidly and has usually metastasized by the time it is diagnosed.
Malignant hypertension has rapid onset, more severe symptoms, and more complications.
Malignant hypertension is a medical emergency.
Malignant hypertension is considered a medical emergency.
Malignant hypertension is hypertension
Malignant hypertension is more common in smokers than non-smokers.
Malignant hyperthermia can occur when patients are receiving halothane and succinylcholine.
Malignant hyperthermia is a disease
Malignant hyperthermia is a medical emergency.
Malignant hyperthermia is a potentially lethal hazard during anesthesia.
Malignant hyperthermia is a well-recognized syndrome which can occur in the presence of anesthesia.
Malignant hyperthermia is an inherited autosomal dominant condition.
Malignant hyperthermia is caused by a reaction to anesthesia.
Malignant hyperthermia is characterized by an extremely elevated metabolism within the muscle cell.
Malignant hyperthermia is inherited in humans in a pattern termed autosomal dominant.
Malignant hyperthermia occurs relatively frequent in patients with muscular dystrophy.
Malignant hyperthermia seems to be associated with halogenated anesthetics.
Malignant lesions require more frequent follow-up care.
Malignant lesions require surgical excision for treatment.
Malignant lymphoma affects primarily the lymph nodes.
Malignant lymphoma is notorious for presentation with an epidural mass.
Malignant lymphoma is one of the most common hematological diseases of children.
Malignant lymphomas are also cancers of lymphocytes.
Malignant lymphomas invade bone marrow and can cause a myelophthisic myelopathy.
Malignant malaria can kill, but the other forms are much less likely to prove fatal.
A malignant melanoma is skin cancer
Malignant melanoma can arise de novo or from a pre-existing melanocytic nevus.
Malignant melanoma can be fatal.
Malignant melanoma can develop in the retina of the eye.
Malignant melanoma can present with the above symptoms and can be a serious problem.
Malignant melanoma can spread quickly.
Malignant melanoma causes six out of seven skin cancer deaths.
Malignant melanoma communicates far more information to a doctor than just the word cancer .
Malignant melanoma is a cancer of cells in the skin called melanocytes.
Malignant melanoma is a cancer of the cells that produce the pigment melanin.
Malignant melanoma is a different story.
Malignant melanoma is a much more serious form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is a rare but very aggressive form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is a serious type of skin cancer .
Malignant melanoma is a serious type of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is a tumor of plasma cells that arises usually in the bone marrow.
Malignant melanoma is a type of cancer of the skin.
Malignant melanoma is also the most dangerous of type of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is also the most dangerous type of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is an aggressive cancer with a great propensity to spread.
Malignant melanoma is considered to be the most severe tumor of the skin.
Malignant melanoma is dangerous because if left untreated, it can spread to organs within the body.
Malignant melanoma is excessively rare in children.
Malignant melanoma is less common yet needs to be mentioned due to it malignant tendency.
Malignant melanoma is linked to overexposure to the sun.
Malignant melanoma is much less common.
Malignant melanoma is nasty from start to finish.
Malignant melanoma is often asymmetrical, with blurred or ragged edges and mottled colors.
Malignant melanoma is one of many types of skin cancer .
Malignant melanoma is one of the most virulent and deadly types of cancer.
Malignant melanoma is rare but very serious.
Malignant melanoma is rarer, but also more likely to be fatal if treatment is delayed.
Malignant melanoma is the deadliest form of human skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the deadliest form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the leading cause of death from diseases of the skin.
Malignant melanoma is the least common and most deadly form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the least common and the most lethal of the major skin cancers.
Malignant melanoma is the least common but most dangerous form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the least common but, by far, the most dangerous of the skin cancers.
Malignant melanoma is the least common, but most aggressive form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the least common, but most deadly, type of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most common malignant eye tumor.
Malignant melanoma is the most dangerous form of skin cancer and can be fatal if left untreated.
Malignant melanoma is the most dangerous form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most dangerous kind of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most dangerous type of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most dangerous type of the skin cancers.
Malignant melanoma is the most dangerous type.
Malignant melanoma is the most deadly form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most deadly type of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most life-threatening form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most life-threatening type of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most serious form of skin cancer.
Malignant melanoma is the most serious of skin cancers.
Malignant melanoma is the third most common form of skin cancer and is usually observed in adults.
Malignant melanoma is the worst kind of cancer.
Malignant melanoma is treated by surgery and sometimes by the removal of nearby lymph nodes.
Malignant melanoma is treated more aggressively than just surgical removal.
Malignant melanoma is very difficult to treat.
Malignant melanoma produces dense blue-black or black discolorations of the skin.
Malignant melanoma starts in the melanocytes - cells that produce pigment in the skin.
Malignant melanoma starts in the melanocytes, skin cells that produce pigment in the skin.
Malignant melanoma tends to occur in the light exposed areas of the face and limbs.
Malignant melanomas belong to a group of tumors that react very well to immunomodulatory therapies.
Malignant melanomas have one of the highest incidences of metastasis to the heart.
Most malignant melanomas occur in the oral cavity or on the toes of affected dogs.
Malignant meningiomas are rare and hard to diagnose based on the histologic apperance.
Malignant meningiomas are treated with surgery, radiation therapy and possibly chemotherapy.
Malignant meningiomas are very rare.
Malignant mesothelioma appears as an irregular or nodular pleural thickening surrounding the lung.
Malignant mesothelioma continues to be a public health problem in rural parts of Anatolia, Turkey.
Malignant mesothelioma has a latency period of fifteen to forty years.
Malignant mesothelioma is a diffuse tumor that affects men more frequently than women.
Malignant mesothelioma is a disease that is refractory to chemotherapy.
Malignant mesothelioma is a form of cancer.
Malignant mesothelioma is a rare form of cancer that can be difficult to diagnose.
Malignant mesothelioma is a rare pleural tumour associated with asbestos exposure.
Malignant mesothelioma is a serious disease caused by asbestos.
Malignant mesothelioma is a serious health condition.
Malignant mesothelioma is a type of cancer that is caused by exposure to asbestos.
Malignant mesothelioma is a very rare form of cancer.
Malignant mesothelioma is an aggressive cancer that spreads quickly.
Malignant mesothelioma is caused by asbestos exposure.
Malignant mesothelioma is the most serious of all asbestos-related diseases.
Malignant mesothelioma is uncommon and often difficult to diagnose.
Malignant moles are rare, but it's always best to have a suspicious mole checked.
Malignant moles can be of any size, tiny or large.
Malignant myeloma is a tumor of plasma cells that arises usually in the bone marrow.
Malignant neoplasm is a tumor
Malignant neoplasm is malignancy
Malignant neoplasm is the dangerous neoplasm.
Malignant neoplasms are referred to as cancer.
Malignant neoplasms are uncommon in younger women but become more frequent with increasing age.
Malignant nephrosclerosis is a much more severe condition that occurs with malignant hypertension.
Malignant nodules take up more tracer than normal tissue or granulomas.
Malignant obesity is an appropriate metaphor.
Malignant pain remains under treated.
All malignant pathology is reviewed.
Malignant pericarditis is usually metastatic with other clinical evidence of malignancy.
Malignant pheochromocytoma has a low incidence.
Malignant proliferations are melanomas.
Malignant pulses are of three types.
Malignant tissue is cancer.
Malignant tissue is firm, hard, and often asymmetrical or stony, like the bridge of the nose.
Malignant tissues have an increased rate of glycolysis.
Malignant transformation is extremely rare.
Malignant transformation is possible, resulting in carcinoma ex mixed tumor.
Malignant transformation is rare.
Malignant transformation is reported in humans but is rare.
Malignant transformation is rooted in harmful changes of cellular DNA, known as mutations.
Malignant transformation is very rare.
A malignant tumor is a tumor
A malignant tumor is malignancy
Malignant tumors are actually in the breast tissue itself.
Malignant tumors are another example.
Malignant tumors are cancer.
Malignant tumors are cancerous and benign tumors are non-cancerous.
Malignant tumors are cancerous.
Malignant tumors are cancers that can invade and damage nearby tissues and organs.
Malignant tumors are malignancy.
Malignant tumors are more dangerous, and survival times can range from six months to several years.
Malignant tumors are more rare and are found in many stages of malignancy.
Malignant tumors are most commonly basal cell skin cancer, squamous cell skin cancer and melanoma .
Malignant tumors are the privilege of the wife.
Malignant tumors are tumors.
Malignant tumors are usually cancerous and very dangerous.
Malignant tumors are usually more oddly-shaped and more firmly attached.
Malignant tumors are very often life-threatening illnesses.
Malignant tumors can invade surrounding tissue and spread to other parts of the body.
Malignant tumors can invade surrounding tissues and spread to other parts of the body.
Malignant tumors cause progressive weakness, weight loss, and cachexia.
Malignant tumors contain cancer cells.
Malignant tumors contain cells that have the ability to metastasize.
Malignant tumors do uniformly badly.
Malignant tumors grow quickly and can spread to surrounding tissues.
Malignant tumors grow rapidly and are life threatening.
Malignant tumors have a specific capacity to invade and destroy the underlying mesenchyme.
Malignant tumors penetrate and destroy healthy body tissues.
Malignant tumors require treatment.
Most malignant tumors are highly glucose avid.
Malignant tumour is another name for cancer.
Malignant tumours are cancerous.
Malignant tumours are much more serious.
Malignant tumours are rare.
Malignant tumours can invade and destroy surrounding tissue and have the capacity to spread.
Malignant tumours grow rapidly, and invade and destroy adjacent structures as they increase in size.
Malignant tumours have the ability to grow and spread to other parts of the body.
Malignant tumours invade the ovary and ovarian bursa and tend to spread over the peritoneum.
Malignant ulcers represent ulcerated gastric cancers.
Malignant viruses can destroy files or crash their host computer.
Malignant viruses cause damage to a computer system, such as corrupting files or destroying data.
Malignant viruses do attempt to damage computer resources such as erasing a hard drive.
Malinese people are from the racial groups below.
A malingering is a dodging
Malingering is a diagnosis of exclusion.
Malingering is deliberate behavior for a known external purpose.
Malingering means deliberating avoiding work or school.
Malingerings are diseases.
Malingerings are evasions.
Malinois eyes can be light to dark brown.
A malinois is a sheep dog
Many Malinois enjoy playing retrieve games.
Mall school teaches real-life lessons in business.
Mall security stands no chance.
Mall walks are a great way to start the day and a good way to get out and meet people.
Mall walkers are great, but they tend to be retired people.
Mall walkers make up much of the mall's traffic.
A mall is an outlet
Mall isa artifact.
Mall states that the frontal process is developed from both centers.
Malls also cater to their customers with food courts offering a wide variety of foods.
Malls also draw customers by offering entertainment.
Malls are a good measure of a community's economic health.
Malls are a wonderful place to walk.
Malls are all sexy and bright and climate controlled.
Malls are also a fun place to people watch.
Malls are an even better example.
Malls are areas where many stores are grouped together in one location.
Malls are buildings.
Malls are clever.
Malls are climate controlled and offer protection from bad weather.
Malls are easily accessible.
Malls are everywhere.
Malls are full.
Malls are in trouble.
Malls are large buildings with several stores.
Malls are legal in Germany and in the Netherlands.
Malls are like circuses.
Malls are located in cities.
Malls are located in downtowns.
Malls are located in large cities.
Malls are located in shops.
Malls are located in suburbs.
Malls are located in towns.
Malls are one of the top reasons to stay fit in Southern California.
Malls are places of both social and economic interaction.
Malls are powerful ideological weapons that make virus of men.
Malls are private areas.
Malls are private property.
Malls are real life.
Malls are terrible places.
Malls are the embodiment of our ideals.
Malls are the pedestrian routes around the campus.
Malls are the second place where children are most victimized.
Malls are urban walking experiences too.
Malls are used for community buildings.
Malls are used for eating.
Malls are used for shopping.
Malls are used for shops.
Malls are used for special events.
Malls are used for walking.
Malls are, after all, privately owned and managed.
Malls can give it back.
Malls can tend to be too warm in some areas and too cold in others.
Malls can update weekly events.
Malls do and capitalize on the knowledge.
Malls generally are Internet sites of various companies with products and goods for sale.
Malls have (part) readsides.
Malls have (part) sections.
Malls have a defined set of rules to attract customers.
Malls have a right to exist.
Malls have bars.
Malls have children who call themselves mallrats hanging out.
Malls have escalators.
Malls have food courts.
Malls have fountains, and benches, and card stores.
Malls have influence on the retail geography of an area.
Malls have themes, neighborhoods have themes, anything that can have a concept behind it does.
Malls have to stand for something.
Malls meet the Internet.
Malls never hire just a few people.
Malls provide online storefronts for independent vendors.
Malls provide opportunity.
Malls seem to breed other retail.
Malls sell a social activity.
Malls sell things.
Malls start selling decors, and kids start writing their Santa Wish List.
Malls still offer plenty of advantages.
Malls utilize that great Indonesian service, the car call.
Malls always have the best mix of people.
Malls often feature various promotions or theme events.
Malls often run promotional events to tantalize people into coming to the mall.
Any mall has reams of evidence to that truism.
Any mall is more or less the economic center, from a retail standpoint, of a community.
Every mall has a theater.
Every mall is the same thing.
Many mall walking groups meet regularly to stride through the climate-controlled environments.
Many malls allow sales of collectibles as well as antiques.
Many malls have attractive decorations and store displays, especially during the holiday season.
Many malls have central areas that are perfect for exhibiting art.
Many malls have maps that offer a scale drawing of the mall.
Many malls offer designated walking programs and most open early to accommodate walkers.
Many malls offer free walking time before shopping hours in a safe, pleasant environment.
Many malls open early in the morning to accommodate local walkers.
Many malls open their doors early to allow people to walk inside.
Many malls provide free escorts.
Many malls provide services such as page design, statistics about visitors, and order forms.
Most malls also have roofs so people can shop inside .
Most malls also have roofs so people can shop inside.
Most malls are now open early for mall walkers.
Most malls charge a percentage for each sale.
Most malls have a food court .
Most malls have a food court.
Most malls list as many merchants as they can without taking the time to research each one.
Most malls provide a limited and expensive forum to conduct business.
Most malls provide opportunity.
Most malls provide security inside and out.
Some malls also feature monthly senior events, such as free movies or health programs.
Some malls also handle credit card processing for their member merchants.
Some malls also have movie theaters which feature several screens for a variety of films.
Some malls also sponsor occasional breakfasts and programs for their walkers.
Some malls even exclude people without the right credit cards.
Some malls have a reputation for being costly.
Some malls have movie theatres .
Some malls have movie theatres.
Some malls have specific walk hours and some are open early just for walking.
Some malls organize stroller walks for moms with small kids.
Some malls require groups using their facilities to carry their own liability coverage.
Mallard drakes have heads.
Most mallard drakes have heads.
Mallard ducks are believed to survive longer in captivity than in the wild.
Mallard ducks are especially adaptable to almost every human environment.
Mallard ducks are omnivorous.
Mallard ducks are one the most popular species of waterfowl to hunt.
Mallard ducks are the ancestors of almost all other varieties of domestic ducks.
Mallard ducks are the great swimmers.
Mallard ducks have a varied diet.
Mallard ducks have brown color.
Mallard ducks have color.
Mallard ducks have diets.
Mallard ducks have light brown color.
Mallard ducks have light color.
Mallard ducks have various behavioral adaptations that help protect their young.
Mallard ducks have vary diets.
Mallard ducks mate.
Mallard ducks molt after the breeding season.
Mallard ducks stay near ponds as long as there is some open water.
Mallard ducks tend to stay in Central America in the middle of the year.
Mallard ducks test a specialized pool for housing seabirds.
Most mallard ducks have brown color.
Most mallard ducks have color.
Most mallard ducks have diets.
Most mallard ducks have light brown color.
Most mallard ducks have light color.
Some mallard ducks mate for life.
A mallard is a duck
Mallard allows students to receive course information and also take on-line quizzes.
Mallard also offers a wealth of information to instructors for tracking student progress.
Mallard are sexually more aggressive than the greys.
Mallard drakes pair only briefly.
Mallard has no apparent family or personal life.
Mallard help files.
Mallard is a combination of both.
Mallard is a hooker come prop and has played since primary school.
Mallard is a secure Internet based tool.
Mallard is a set of CGI programs and associated library modules .
Mallard is a web-based, interactive quizzing tool.
Mallard is ancestor of the domestic duck.
Mallard is available from all ten OIT computing labs and is connected to the Internet.
Mallard is designed to let teachers teach the way they want.
Mallard is highly educated and well read, possessing impressive knowledge on a variety of subjects.
Mallard is intended for general computing, research, e-mail and Web hosting.
Mallard is one of the leading fighters trying to destroy the enemy.
Mallard is password protected.
Mallard is the framework for the electronic workbook.
Mallard is the most numerous waterfowl species breeding in the study area.
Mallard is very respectful of all traditions and cultures.
Mallard isa duck.
Mallard keeps track of the number of times each student retakes each quiz.
Mallard now appeals.
Mallard only records a grade at the quiz level.
Mallard says intercultural communication is more than sending and receiving verbal messages.
Mallard serves coffee, hot chocolate, hot tea, chai tea, and espresso.
Mallards account for all structure used.
Mallards also eat mollusks, small fish and fish eggs.
Mallards also feed on the seeds that they find during foraging, as well as plant matter.
Mallards also feed on tubers and rhizomes of chufa, flatsedge and bulrush.
Mallards also use a variety of other calls to communicate amongst themselves.
Mallards are a common sight in parks with lots of humans.
Mallards are agile fliers who can take off almost vertically.
Mallards are among the most vocal of waterfowl.
Mallards are an important game bird.
Mallards are birds.
Mallards are close relatives to the Hawaiian duck, so the two species are able to interbreed.
Mallards are conspicuous, refuge orientated, and relatively easy to count.
Mallards are dabblers.
Mallards are diurnal, which means that they are most active during the day.
Mallards are ducks.
Mallards are early nesters.
Mallards are found throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia.
Mallards are hardy ducks, wintering regularly in southern Ontario and southern British Columbia.
Mallards are highly adaptable and can be found in prairie, forested, and urban environments.
Mallards are located in nests.
Mallards are located on groups.
Mallards are located on habitats.
Mallards are located on nests.
Mallards are located on water.
Mallards are migratory birds.
Mallards are most abundant.
Mallards are one of the few ducks that habitually feed on grain.
Mallards are one of the first ducks to arrive back on the breeding grounds in spring.
Mallards are one of the most recognizable birds in the world.
Mallards are simply out-competing and replacing blacks in the area.
Mallards are susceptible to diseases in urban settings.
Mallards are swift fliers and excellent swimmers.
Mallards are the archetypal and most recognisable ducks.
Mallards are the most widely distributed waterfowl species in the Northern Hemisphere.
Mallards are the worlds most common bird.
Mallards are tough birds.
Mallards are undoubtedly the most recognized waterfowl in the world.
Mallards are vagrant to Central America and the Caribbean.
Mallards are very adaptable and appear to have only a few specific requirements.
Mallards are very common throughout North America.
Mallards are very vocal ducks, especially when feeding.
Mallards are, by far, the most abundant of the wintering ducks.
Mallards arrive on their breeding ground already paired off.
Mallards begin establishing pair bonds as early as mid autumn and continue through winter.
Mallards breed almost on every pond and river throughout Luxembourg.
Mallards can carry up to a quarter pound of grain in their esophagus.
Mallards comprise the bulk of the duck population during migration.
Mallards congregate in large flocks that sometimes number in the hundreds.
Mallards eat a variety of aquatic plants and invertebrates as well as crops.
Mallards eat a variety of natural and human-produced foods.
Mallards eat food.
Mallards feed chiefy on water insects and snails during early summer.
Mallards feed in environments.
Mallards feed in ponds.
Mallards feed in wetland.
Mallards feed on water plants but also readily dine on worms and bugs.
Mallards first breed late in their first year.
Mallards fly over shores.
Mallards form a rope across the sky coming from the south in secret.
Mallards form an enormously large population.
Mallards form breeding pairs as early autumn.
Mallards has-part legs.
Mallards have (part) air sacs.
Mallards have (part) bird's feet.
Mallards have (part) brains.
Mallards have (part) breasts.
Mallards have (part) cell membranes.
Mallards have (part) cells.
Mallards have (part) chest cavities.
Mallards have (part) chests.
Mallards have (part) corpi.
Mallards have (part) cytoplasm.
Mallards have (part) ears.
Mallards have (part) faces.
Mallards have (part) flight feathers.
Mallards have (part) heads.
Mallards have (part) lips.
Mallards have (part) mouths.
Mallards have (part) nuclei.
Mallards have (part) plasma membranes.
Mallards have (part) quill feathers.
Mallards have (part) rib cages.
Mallards have (part) second joints.
Mallards have (part) sections.
Mallards have (part) skulls.
Mallards have (part) sterna.
Mallards have (part) talons.
Mallards have (part) vacuoles.
Mallards have (part) wishbones.
Mallards have a huge variety of displays that can be fascinating to watch and decipher.
Mallards have ability.
Mallards have chances.
Mallards have characteristics.
Mallards have excellent eyesight, so sit or lay in a camouflage blind in order to stay hidden.
Mallards have heads.
Mallards have senses.
Mallards hit water.
Mallards is wheelchair accessible.
Mallards lay eggs.
Mallards live in a variety of habitats.
Mallards live in fresh marshes, rivers, lakes, bays and some city ponds.
Mallards live in ponds.
Mallards live throughout North America, Europe, and Asia.
Mallards love Arkansas and Arkansas loves mallards.
Mallards make nests.
Mallards make the best pressed duck.
Mallards mature sexually in their first year.
Mallards migrate to latitudes.
Mallards molt after breeding.
Mallards occur year-round across much of the United States.
Mallards pause at the campus pond for a breadcrumb and a chilly swim.
Mallards possess feathers.
Mallards prefer wetlands near water sources with an abundant supply of food and cover.
Mallards remain all year because the water is free of ice.
Mallards require water.
Mallards require wetland.
Mallards seek food.
Mallards shed feathers.
Mallards start to copulate during late autumn, months before any of the pair mates are fertile.
Mallards start up from oxbow sloughs.
Mallards swim in water.
Mallards take bread and grain in parks and gardens.
Mallards take up residences.
Mallards visit nests.
Mallards waddle ashore from park lakes to take food from the hands of visitors.
Mallards always have blue speculums with white borders to both the front and rear margins.
Mallard often fly in from Russia and elsewhere during the winter.
Mallards often spend the winter as far north as open water and food supplies allow.
Mallards often use man-made nesting structures placed over water.
Mallards usually choose places next to water that has high grasses.
Mallards usually nest on the ground, often in dense undergrowth beside lakes and streams.
All mallards have a blue speculum that is visible when the birds are in flight.
Most mallards are located in nests.
Most mallards are located on groups.
Most mallards are located on habitats.
Most mallards are located on nests.
Most mallards are located on water.
Most mallards eat food.
Most mallards feed in environments.
Most mallards feed in ponds.
Most mallards feed in wetland.
Most mallards fly over shores.
Most mallards has-part legs.
Most mallards have ability.
Most mallards have chances.
Most mallards have characteristics.
Most mallards have heads.
Most mallards have senses.
Most mallards lay eggs.
Most mallards live in ponds.
Most mallards make nests.
Most mallards migrate to latitudes.
Most mallards nest on the ground.
Most mallards possess feathers.
Most mallards require water.
Most mallards require wetland.
Most mallards seek food.
Most mallards shed feathers.
Most mallards swim in water.
Most mallards take up residences.
Most mallards visit nests.
Some mallards are inside ponds.
Some mallards are located on eggs.
Some mallards are located on environments.
Some mallards are located on ground.
Some mallards are located on islands.
Some mallards are located on woodlands.
Some mallards eat roots.
Some mallards eat snails.
Some mallards eat vegetation.
Some mallards feed in lakes.
Some mallards feed in marsh.
Some mallards feed in water.
Some mallards float in ponds.
Some mallards have chests.
Some mallards have dark brown chests.
Some mallards have involvement.
Some mallards hide food.
Some mallards hide nests.
Some mallards kill foxes.
Some mallards live in marsh.
Some mallards live in towns.
Some mallards provide actions.
Some mallards require vegetation.
Some mallards return to ponds.
Some mallards sit in fields.
Some mallards swim in ponds.
Some mallards visit ponds.
Malles hemsida V lkomna till min hemsida.
Malleability is a physical property
Malleability is also a quality of metals.
Malleability is certainly politically preferable to the guff of eugenics.
Malleability is determined at compile time.
Malleability is dispositions.
Malleability is physical properties.
Malleability is the ability of a metal to be hammered into shapes.
Malleability is the ability of a metal to be hammered into thin sheets .
Malleability is the ability of a metal to be hammered into thin sheets.
Malleability is the ability to be hammered out into sheets.
Malleability is the extent to which a solid can be hammered or rolled into sheets.
Malleability is thought preferable to original sin.
Malleable teens are particularly susceptible to the messages that are communicated in such films.
Mallet fingers are perennials.
Mallet injury is an injury that causes a typical mallet deformity in the finger.
Mallet toes are bent down at the end joint only.
A mallet is a drumstick
Mallets are available in two lengths.
Mallets are drumsticks.
Mallets are hammers.
Mallets are located in garages.
Mallets are part of percussion instruments.
Mallets serve as dining utensils.
All mallets have shorter rattan handles.
Every mallet is finished with four coats of hard-wearing exterior varnish.
Mallorcan history Read some history . . .
Mallow extract softens and hydrates to leave hair tangle free.
A mallow is a bush
Mallows are bushs.
Mallows are shrubs.
Mallows look a little like a cross between a hollyhock and a hibiscus.
All mallows are somewhat mucilaginous, i.e., slimey.
Malnourished adults have less energy to work.
Malnourished children have a shorter attention span and less learning capacity.
Malnourished children lie down in the streets to die.
Malnourished children suffer from many pediatric illnesses.
Malnourished children suffer stunted growth and, often, learning problems.
Malnourished mothers give birth to low birthweight babies who are more prone to sickness.
Malnourished mothers give birth to low birthweight babies, who are more prone to sickness.
Malnourished people are weak, listless, indifferent, pallid, pale, dull, dull-eyed.
A malnourishment is hunger
Malnourishment also heightens the risk of obstructed labour.
Malnourishment is a leading cause of premature death in pet birds.
Malnourishment is also very high.
Malnourishment is still an issue in some countries of the region.
Malnourishment is the most common illness and prevails with orphaned pups.
Malnourishment leads to immune suppression.
Malnutrition adversely affects women's participation in the economic system and their productivity.
Malnutrition affects a large proportion of rural children.
Malnutrition affects three times more children under four in the countryside than in the towns.
Malnutrition aggravates cirrhosis.
Malnutrition already is a cause of over a third of deaths of children under five in Africa.
Malnutrition can also be a major cause of obesity.
Malnutrition can also heighten the adverse impacts of toxic substances.
Malnutrition can also impede mental development.
Malnutrition can also occur because of the drugs anti-appetite effects.
Malnutrition can also occur if the food is inadequate in one or more of the required nutrients.
Malnutrition can also reduce the effectiveness of the immune system.
Malnutrition can also stem from disease.
Malnutrition can cause disability as well as increase susceptibility to other disabling diseases.
Malnutrition can cause falls.
Malnutrition can cause suffering in the brain.
Malnutrition can have an effect at any time of development but is most profound early in life.
Malnutrition can have long-term effects by stunting growth or causing mental retardation.
Malnutrition can lead to anemia and weight loss.
Malnutrition can result from the lack of food resulting from meth's reduction in a user's appetite.
Malnutrition can result in decreased immune function and decreased ability to heal.
Malnutrition can selectively destroy central vision at the retinal level.
Malnutrition can severely affect a child's intellectual development.
Malnutrition can trigger ADHD, and large numbers of U.S. children are malnourished.
Malnutrition causes severe health problems, and can also affect education.
Malnutrition causes the body fluid to be hypotonic from decreased protein and sodium levels.
Malnutrition comes from a wide variety of reasons.
Malnutrition continues to be an important problem.
Malnutrition contributes more than any other single factor to disease and injury worldwide.
Malnutrition contributes to liver disease.
Malnutrition contributes to more than half of the under-five deaths in developing countries.
Malnutrition contributes to the risk.
Malnutrition decreases a person's ability to fight off infection.
Malnutrition handicaps the ability to learn, to work, and to grow.
Malnutrition has economic ripple effects that can jeopardize development.
Malnutrition impairs many aspects of specific and nonspecific host defense.
Malnutrition increases the risk for contracting a number of medical conditions.
Malnutrition increases the severity of the disease signs.
Malnutrition increases the susceptibility to diseases such as diarrhea and malaria.
Malnutrition is a chronic problem among children.
Malnutrition is a chronic problem in all areas.
Malnutrition is a common contributing factor to feather plucking.
Malnutrition is a common problem among elderly people living in nursing homes and in the community.
Malnutrition is a deficiency disease
Malnutrition is a frequent problem and, in turn, contributes to many others.
Malnutrition is a general term that indicates a lack of some or all-nutritional elements.
Malnutrition is a human-made disease.
Malnutrition is a major cause of illness and death in cancer patients.
Malnutrition is a major concern.
Malnutrition is a major contributing factor to the development of hypophosphatemia.
Malnutrition is a major factor in readmission to hospitals.
Malnutrition is a major factor that contributes to growth retardation in children.
Malnutrition is a problem in many developing countries.
Malnutrition is a problem there.
Malnutrition is a serious problem for Guinea.
Malnutrition is a serious problem.
Malnutrition is a significant factor in the development of pressure ulcers.
Malnutrition is a silent emergency.
Malnutrition is a silent epidemic among seniors.
Malnutrition is a subtle thing.
Malnutrition is a term which covers problems of both under nutrition and over nutrition.
Malnutrition is a very big problem.
Malnutrition is a very real threat to the community, particularly the very young and old.
Malnutrition is a wide-spread problem throughout Haiti.
Malnutrition is also a serious problem.
Malnutrition is also common.
Malnutrition is an example of the inadequate care and treatment provided by the nursing home.
Malnutrition is an independent predictor of mortality in excess of the primary diagnosis.
Malnutrition is an issue for two out of five nursing home residents.
Malnutrition is an ongoing problem.
Malnutrition is an overwhelming and frustrating problem.
Malnutrition is another possible adverse effect of alcohol.
Malnutrition is associated with higher cancer treatment-related morbidity and mortality.
Malnutrition is associated with more than half of all deaths of children worldwide.
Malnutrition is associated with poverty.
Malnutrition is caused by lack of proper food.
Malnutrition is common among nursing home residents.
Malnutrition is common during high water.
Malnutrition is common in both anorexia and bulimia.
Malnutrition is common in children with cystic fibrosis, because few nutrients are absorbed.
Malnutrition is common within the Swedish health service.
Malnutrition is common.
Malnutrition is deficiency diseases.
Malnutrition is diseases.
Malnutrition is endemic in developing countries.
Malnutrition is endemic, reaching fifty to sixty percent of the population outside Baghdad.
Malnutrition is epidemic.
Malnutrition is equally severe in adults.
Malnutrition is evident. . .
Malnutrition is evident.
Malnutrition is high and rising.
Malnutrition is high for a fertile country with a relatively stable food supply.
Malnutrition is high, as are chronic eye and skin conditions.
Malnutrition is is a social problem.
Malnutrition is more and more likely to result from over consumption.
Malnutrition is more pronounced in rural areas.
Malnutrition is much more common in the UK than people think especially among the elderly.
Malnutrition is now endemic amongst children.
Malnutrition is often both a result and a cause of social and economic under-development.
Malnutrition is often more common than undernutrition, and few so-called healthy patients are well.
Malnutrition is on the increase and there are growing concerns over the health of vulnerable groups.
Malnutrition is one of the greatest dangers.
Malnutrition is one of the main consequences of chronic hunger.
Malnutrition is one of the major public health problems in developing countries.
Malnutrition is one of the most serious problems facing the third world countries today.
Malnutrition is one of the worst effects of sanctions.
Malnutrition is prevalent and diseases like malaria, hookworm and tuberculosis are endemic.
Malnutrition is rampant.
Malnutrition is rare.
Malnutrition is reported to be high and increasing.
Malnutrition is rife, as are serious diseases such as malaria and aids.
Malnutrition is rooted more in poverty environmental degradation and social disparity.
Malnutrition is serious, and even life-threatening.
Malnutrition is the inadequate intake of any of the required nutrients.
Malnutrition is the long term consequence.
Malnutrition is the most visible and problematic effect of land and water shortage.
Malnutrition is the norm.
Malnutrition is the omnipresent physical and psychological fact of the Iraqi people.
Malnutrition is thought to account for half of child deaths.
Malnutrition is unbelievably high and just getting worse and worse.
Malnutrition is visible in a generation of children and teenagers who are small in size.
Malnutrition is visible in many villages.
Malnutrition is widespread and children's bellies are distended with hunger.
Malnutrition is widespread and growing.
Malnutrition is widespread and increasing.
Malnutrition is widespread and the incidence of infectious and parasitic diseases is increasing.
Malnutrition is widespread, especially among the young and the poor.
Malnutrition is widespread.
Malnutrition kills or seriously impairs large segments of the world's population.
Malnutrition kills, maims and disables.
Malnutrition later can cause insult.
Malnutrition leading to generalized tissue wasting is a prominent feature of chronic uremia.
Malnutrition leads to a decrease in quality of life and an increase in health-service expenditures.
Malnutrition leads to diarrhea and dehydration, and ultimately death.
Malnutrition leads to disabilities as well.
Malnutrition leads to hypomagnesemia when dietary intake of magnesium is low.
Malnutrition leads to infections.
Malnutrition lowers the bodies defense against invasive disease.
Malnutrition lowers the body's resistance to virulent and chronic illness.
Malnutrition makes cirrhosis worse.
Malnutrition makes people more prone to illness.
Malnutrition manifests itself in a number of life-threatening ways.
Malnutrition occurs when too little food is eaten to continue the body's functions.
Malnutrition opens the door to a number of medical conditions.
Malnutrition refers to insufficient, excessive, or imbalanced consumption of nutrients.
Malnutrition remains a chronic problem for many.
Malnutrition remains a major health issue today, particularly in rural areas.
Malnutrition remains a major problem.
Malnutrition remains an impediment to development for women and children.
Malnutrition renders millions of people around the globe less productive.
Malnutrition represents another major threat to the lives of young refugee children.
Malnutrition results from insufficient intake to meet the patient's metabolic needs.
Malnutrition seems to be self evident.
Malnutrition severely deprives the body of Jung.
Malnutrition still threatens the lives of millions of children worldwide.
Malnutrition then leads to disease and death.
Malnutrition threatens a country's future.
Malocclusion is believed to be hereditary.
Malocclusion is defined as a poor relationship between upper and lower teeth.
Malocclusion is disorder
Malocclusion is disorder.
Malocclusion is easier, quicker, and less expensive to treat when it is corrected early.
Malocclusion is eventually fatal in chinchillas.
Malocclusion is most often hereditary.
Malocclusion leads to difficulty in biting, chewing and swallowing of food.
Malocclusion refers to the alignment of upper and lower teeth.
Malocclusions are most commonly a result of hereditary or traumatic injuries.
Malocclusions are one such case.
Malocclusions can be present behind seemingly acceptable smiles.
Most malocclusions are inherited, some are acquired.
Some malocclusions are painful and do require treatment.
Malodor is smell
Malodors can signal poor, and sometimes unsafe conditions.
Malolactic fermentation is essential to reduce the wine's high acidity.
Malolactic fermentation is monitored by paper chromatography or via enzymatic analysis.
Malolactic fermentation is more common with red wines than with white wines.
Malolactic fermentation offers three advantages to the winemaker.
Malolactic fermentation reduces wine acidity and improves the long term stability of red wine.
Malonic acid is a potent metabolic inhibitor.
Malonic acid is a strong irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes.
Malott soils are very deep and coarse-loamy.
Malpighian cells are most active in the region of the lunula, indicated by small arrow.
A malpighian corpuscle is a capsule
Some malpighian corpuscles show a deposition of proteinaceous material.
Malpighian tubules are dead-end tubes.
Malpighian tubules are excretory organs found in a. earthworms.
Malpighian tubules are projections from the digestive tract, between the midgut and the hindgut.
Malpighian tubules are rudimentary and some muscles are missing or disrupted.
Malpighian tubules are tubular outgrowths of the gut.
Malpighian tubules help to excrete the wastes from the body.
Malpighian tubules increases a thousandfold or more.
Malpighian tubules is isomotic to the hemolymph, but of different composition.
Malpositioned jaws disrupt normal tooth relationships.
Malpractice insurance continues to rise.
Malpractice insurance covers volunteer attorneys and paralegals.
Malpractice insurance covers volunteer lawyers.
Malpractice insurance is a business expense.
Malpractice insurance is a form of liability coverage against such mistakes.
Malpractice insurance is also essential for any sort of patient contact or medical work.
Malpractice insurance is covered by the institution.
Malpractice insurance is insurance
Malpractice insurance is insurance.
Malpractice insurance is of tantamount importance.
Malpractice insurance is provided by the hospital.
Malpractice insurance is provided for all approved educational activities at no cost.
Malpractice insurance is provided to eligible employees.
Malpractice insurance is provided.
Malpractice insurance is required each year during clinical sequence.
Malpractice insurance is split equally for fulltime postion.
Malpractice insurance is still the way to go for most professionals, however.
Malpractice insurance protects lawyers against their professional negligence.
Malpractice lawsuits require a client to sue the lawyer within one year.
Most malpractice lawsuits have nothing to do with genuine negligence.
A malpractice is an activity
Malpractice claim against lawyer for former adverse party.
Malpractice claims for urogenital injuries.
Malpractice claims often ensue when a lawyer attempts to collect unpaid legal fees.
Malpractice everywhere results from the same causes.
Malpractice everywhere results from the same general and specific causes.
Malpractice fears and prostate cancer screening practices.
Malpractice goes away.
Malpractice is a broad term encompassing many professions.
Malpractice is a major problem facing patients today.
Malpractice is a particularly thorny issue.
Malpractice is a species of negligence.
Malpractice is a subset of negligence.
Malpractice is a type of negligence.
Malpractice is a widely discussed type of lawsuit.
Malpractice is an even greater risk.
Malpractice is an inevitable result of chiropractic philosophy and training.
Malpractice is an ugly word for both patients and doctors.
Malpractice is another word for professional negligence.
Malpractice is often difficult to discover and prove.
Malpractice is really a form of negligence.
Malpractice is the legal term for negligence by any licensed professional.
Malpractice occurs too frequently in America.
Malpractice occurs when a patient suffers an injury as a result of negligence.
Malpractice suits against doctors, lawyers or other professionals.
Malpractice suits against lawyers in South Dakota are now commonplace.
Malpractices are wrongdoing.
All malpractice costs, including tail-end coverage, is provided.
Malpracticewary doctors spend billions on redundant testing and covertheirtail paperwork.
MALS students are of varied ages and backgrounds, yet share a lifelong commitment to learning.
Malt extracts are available either as a syrup or a dry powder.
Malt whiskey is whisky
Malt whiskey made by a single distillery and unmixed with either grain or pot still whiskeys.
Malt whisky is whisky
Most malt whisky is used in the production of blended whisky.
A malt is a beer
Malts add sweetness and depth.
Malts are also sources of lactobacilli and essential nutrients.
Malts are better than milkshakes.
Malts are grain.
Malts are lagers.
Malts can be U.S. or continental, including a fraction of wheat malt if desired.
All malt is guaranteed.
All malts are fully compatible for mixing.
Some malts are fruity, others spicy or dry or sweet.
Malta is part of Mediterranean.
Malta isa thing.
Malted wheat is okay.
Maltese authorities have no evidence of money laundering.
Maltese beer is excellent, and foreign beers are also available.
A maltese cross is a catchfly
Maltese cross is the anode.
Maltese dogs are susceptible to bacterial and fungus infections.
Maltese drivers have a reputation of driving without too much regard to the rules.
Maltese farmers raise cauliflower, grapes, onions, potatoes, tomatoes, and wheat.
Maltese fonts are necessary.
Maltese food is rustic and based on seasonal produce and the fisherman's catch.
Maltese historians are aware of the difficulties involved in writing our medieval history.
Many Maltese items are also available in other areas of our web site.
Most Maltese nails are white or light colored, and the darker area of the quick is unmistakable.
Many Maltese people work in the dockyards and in the building industries.
Maltese sauce goes very well with fish and shellfish, but it is also traditional for asparagus.
Maltese ship owning companies are onshore companies.
Maltese society has more down to earth things to worry about.
Maltese toenails grow like human finger and toenails.
Maltese voters have the highest turnout figures of all Western democracies.
Maltese writers living abroad are very welcome.
Maltharian sentries return fire.
Malthusian collapse can only be a few decades away.
Maltings are convertings.
Maltreated children are children with special needs.
Maltreated children have problems with modulating appropriate physical contact.
Maltreated infants are therefore highly likely to be disorganized.
Many maltreated youth are, therefore, resilient - at least with respect to delinquent behavior.
A maltster is a maker
Maltsters are makers.
Maltsters roast some malt to produce darker colors and flavors that vary from biscuitlike to burnt.
Maltsters use the bite test as means to test malt for full modification.
A malvasia is a vine
Malvasia is the primary white grape, but the region produces mostly red wines.
Malvasia offers Mediterranean dishes, generally Greek, Spanish, Italian, etc.
Malvern center offers therapy through horses.
Malvern soils have less sand in the upper part of the solum and lack a stone line.
A mama is a mother
Mama isa mother.
Mamas are easy to spot in public.
Mamas do, papas too.
Mamas get pretty paranoid with little ones nearby.
Mamas have (part) arms.
Mamas have (part) body substances.
Mamas have (part) cell membranes.
Mamas have (part) cells.
Mamas have (part) corpi.
Mamas have (part) cytoplasm.
Mamas have (part) heads.
Mamas have (part) human bodies.
Mamas have (part) legs.
Mamas have (part) material bodies.
Mamas have (part) necks.
Mamas have (part) nuclei.
Mamas have (part) personality.
Mamas have (part) plasma membranes.
Mamas have (part) sections.
Mamas have (part) vacuoles.
Mamas like to take care of their kids.
Mamas look like.
Mamas raise babies.
Mamas always know.
Most mamas raise babies.
Some mama hens catch hawks.
Some mamas buy houses.
Some mamas eat habits.
Some mamas play hymns.
Some mamas play old hymns.
Some mamas show knowledge.
Some mamas take places.
Mameluke soldiers seize possession of the government and appoint sultans of their own.
A mamillary body is a neural structure
Mamillary bodies are nipple-like elevations from the surface of the diencephalon.
A mamma is a mother
Mamma becomes extremely cheerful and excited.
Mamma knows nothing.
Mamma offers simultaneous coverage of the major search engines in one simple query.
Mamma searches seven sites simultaneously.
Mamma sends search requests to seven major search engines.
Mamma take a look outside.
Mammal babies are harder to put back for their parents to return to, but sometimes that even works.
Mammal babies are quite different in appearance and behavior from their adult counterparts.
Most mammal babies live inside their mothers before they are born, just like humans.
Most mammal babies suckle milk from their mother's teats.
Mammal bones are very heavy, so a bird's bones are nearly hollow to reduce weight.
Some mammal commissions recommend water.
Mammal communities can provide clues about hominid communities in less direct ways, as well.
Mammal dolphins need oxygen.
Some mammal experts examine aspects.
All mammal fertilization happens inside the female's body in or near the uterus.
Mammal life includes paramo wolves, ocelot, armadillos, spiney rats, squirrels and gazelles.
Mammal Mammals are warm-blooded animals with hair that nourish their young with milk.
Mammal mothers are hard workers.
Mammal mothers have close, protective relationships with their offspring.
Mammal mounds stimulate microbial activity in a semiarid shrubland.
Mammal observations take place from sunrise to sunset.
Mammal parents have a very good sense of smell.
Some mammal predators spread diseases.
Some mammal researchers study complex interaction.
Some mammal researchers study interaction.
Mammal sightings appear to have generally declined over recent years for many species.
Mammal societies have experience.
Most mammal societies have experience.
Mammal species are mammals excluding whales and porpoises.
Mammal species occupy wide ranges of Earth surface.
Many mammal species are elusive and shy.
Many mammal species have very distinctive tooth shapes.
Many mammal species move freely between types while others are restricted to specific habitats.
Mammal teeth are highly specialized.
Mammal teeth are specialized into incisors, canines, premolars, and molars.
Mammal trainers feed and train the seals several times a day.
Mammal trainers lead students.
Most mammal trainers lead students.
A mammal is a vertebrate
Mammal isa vertebrate.
Mammals acquire the infection by eating vegetation containing metacercariae.
Mammals adapt for life.
Mammals adapt to arid conditions.
Mammals adapt to cold conditions.
Mammals adapt to conditions.
Mammals adapt to environments.
Mammals adapt to saltwater environments.
Mammals adapt to water.
Mammals add a layer of body fat when cold weather arrives.
Mammals also adopt a strategy for their developing young that involves increased parental care.
Mammals also alter soil structure.
Mammals also are endothermic and have highly developed parental care.
Mammals also eat the dewberry fruit, which is similar to the blackberry.
Mammals also give live birth, have hair and are warm-blooded.
Mammals also have a diaphragm in order to increase the intake of air.
Mammals also have an amnion and vestigial yolk sace and thus are also amniotes.
Mammals also have an extra layer, the neocortex.
Mammals also have chemoreceptors in the aorta.
Mammals also have complex respiratory, circulatory, and digestive systems.
Mammals also have DNA repair mechanisms, and even in the womb damage can occur to embryos.
Mammals also have hair on their bodies.
Mammals also have some fascinating representatives.
Mammals also have teeth that are specialized to the most advanced degree of all animals.
Mammals also have teeth that look different in different parts of the mouth.
Mammals also have their place in entertainment, with animal shows and movies starring mammals.
Mammals also pose a threat to penguins.
Mammals also produce an amniotic egg.
Mammals also rely on claws to help with climbing and burrowing.
Mammals also seem less numerous, although well defined game trails are visible.
Mammals also vary in size more than any other vertebrates.
Mammals are a class in the chordate phylum.
Mammals are a class of animal.
Mammals are a class of vertebrate animal.
Mammals are a class of vertebrates that have similar characteristics.
Mammals are a diverse vertebrate group whose species have colonized nearly all parts of the world.
Mammals are a largely terrestrial group with hair and milk producing glands.
Mammals are a particular subgroup or part of the whole vertebrate clade.
Mammals are a very successful group of animals.
Mammals are abundant and diverse and are the dominant animal life form.
Mammals are abundant here, too, although more secretive.
Mammals are advanced synapsids .
Mammals are advanced synapsids.
Mammals are all warm-blooded endothermic animals.
Mammals are also fundamentally involved in research in many divisions of the biological sciences.
Mammals are also on the move, making the transition from winter to spring.
Mammals are also the group of animals to which humans belong.
Mammals are also the only animal group that has made a complete transition to aquatic habitats.
Mammals are also the only organisms to provide milk to their young.
Mammals are also unique in having milk glands that provide nourishment for their infants.
Mammals are also warm-blooded and are covered with hair or fur.
Mammals are also warm-blooded.
Mammals are amniotes.
Mammals are an easily recognizable and definable group of animals.
Mammals are animals .
Mammals are animals that are born with fur or hair.
Mammals are animals that feed babies with milk and breathe air.
Mammals are animals that give birth to live babies.
Mammals are animals that have certain features that no other living beings have.
Mammals are animals that have hair, are warm-blooded, and nourish their young with milk.
Mammals are animals which are warm-blooded.
Mammals are animals which give birth to live babies and the babies get milk from their mothers.
Mammals are animals which possess hair, are air breathing, and have mammary and sweat glands.
Mammals are animals which prefer to live in groups or communities.
Mammals are animals which raise their young on milk and typically give birth to live young.
Mammals are animals with a backbone.
Mammals are animals with certain common characteristics.
Mammals are animals with lungs, and they breath air.
Mammals are animals, humans are mammals, and many animals that live here in the gardens are mammals.
Mammals are animals.
Mammals are animals.
Mammals are born as immature rhesus monkeys.
Mammals are born as their parent's young.
Mammals are born with the sucking instinct.
Mammals are capable of mates.
Mammals are capable of play.
Mammals are cold-blooded.
Mammals are covered by hair while reptiles are by scales.
Mammals are dioecious with sexual reproduction and internal fertilization.
Mammals are distinguished by several other unique features.
Mammals are divided into three families, based on how their young develop.
Mammals are either mono-, or polyphyletic.
Mammals are endothermic like birds.
Mammals are endothermic vertebrates that have fur.
Mammals are endothermic, have hair, and have complex circulatory and respiratory systems.
Mammals are endothermic, like birds.
Mammals are equally diverse and even more elusive.
Mammals are evolved from animals.
Mammals are excellent protectors of their young.
Mammals are exposed to a variety of outside temperatures.
Mammals are hairy by definition, and platypuses are hairier than most.
Mammals are heterodonts with unusually strong jaws.
Mammals are heterodonts.
Mammals are important in the ecology of the refuge.
Mammals are important seed dispersers, being rewarded with fruits and nuts.
Mammals are known as primates.
Mammals are known for being protective and taking good care of their young.
Mammals are largely water.
Mammals are less important than birds in maintaining transmission cycles of the virus in ecosystems.
Mammals are like other chordates in that they have backbones.
Mammals are located in continents.
Mammals are located in environments.
Mammals are located in ground.
Mammals are located in nature.
Mammals are member of families.
Mammals are monophyletic.
Mammals are more intelligent than fish, fish are more intelligent than crustaceans.
Mammals are natural protein factories.
Mammals are often a good example of a group of animals that are considered nomadic migrants .
Mammals are only a minuscule piece of the picture.
Mammals are perhaps the most recognized type of wild animals on the planet.
Mammals are present year-round, but many are inactive through the winter.
Mammals are probably of greatest interest to most park visitors.
Mammals are remarkably diverse in their size, appearance, form, and adaptations.
Mammals are restricted to species that are winter-active, either above or below the snow cover.
Mammals are set out by size with largest at the top .
Mammals are set out by size with largest at the top.
Mammals are small, shrew-like animals.
Mammals are social animals.
Mammals are some of the most highly evolved, complex life forms to ever exist.
Mammals are some of the most obvious residents of the park.
Mammals are sterilized by a temperature only slightly above the normal temperature of the scrotom.
Mammals are still quite small.
Mammals are the best modern organisms for comparison because they walk erectly, like the dinosaurs.
Mammals are the dominant class of animal on earth.
Mammals are the dominant life form.
Mammals are the group of vertebrate animals which form the class Mammalia.
Mammals are the highest form of animal life.
Mammals are the least frequent element of the island fauna.
Mammals are the most advanced class of animal life.
Mammals are the most diverse species on Earth.
Mammals are the most intelligent also.
Mammals are the only animals that have hair.
Mammals are the only living synapsids, derived from a lineage in the Jurassic period.
Mammals are the only living therapsids.
Mammals are the only surviving synapsids today.
Mammals are the only survivors of the synapsid line.
Mammals are the only vertebrates that possess a. teeth.
Mammals are the principal hosts, but birds, reptiles, and even amphibians are parasitized by ticks.
Mammals are the principal seed dispersers.
Mammals are the true mothers of nature.
Mammals are unique in possessing hair and in many mammals hair varies throughout the year.
Mammals are unique in that aspect.
Mammals are unusual among vertebrates in having red blood cells that lack a cell nucleus.
Mammals are useful to people in many other ways.
Mammals are usually small, like the kangaroo mice of North American deserts.
Mammals are vertebrates meaning they have a backbone.
Mammals are vertebrates that have hair and mammary glands used to provide nutrition for their young.
Mammals are vertebrates that produce milk for their young.
Mammals are vertebrates- the phylum of animals that have backbones.
Mammals are vertebrates with fur or hair.
Mammals are vertebrates.
Mammals are vertebrates.
Mammals are very advanced therapsids synapsids.
Mammals are very diverse, and therefore exhibit many different kinds of locomotion.
Mammals are very intelligent , with complex behaviors, and often live in packs.
Mammals are warm blooded and have hearts made up of two auricles and two ventricles.
Mammals are warm blooded animals.
Mammals are warm blooded, use lungs for respiration, and have four legs.
Mammals are warm blooded, with a body temperature that stays constant most of the time.
Mammals are warm blooded.
Mammals are warm-blooded and give birth to live young and nurse the young.
Mammals are warm-blooded animals.
Mammals are warm-blooded creatures which suckle their young.
Mammals are warm-blooded vertebrates that suckle their young.
Mammals are warm-blooded with constant temperature while reptiles are poikilotherm.
Mammals are warm-blooded, vertebrate animals that have hair and nourish their young with milk.
Mammals are warm-blooded.
Mammals are well known for rich, fatty bone marrow in shaft of long bones.
Mammals associated with wetlands include muskrat, otter, and beaver.
Mammals attain full size.
Mammals attain size.
Mammals avoid attacks.
Mammals avoid fire.
Mammals avoid people.
Mammals avoid skunks.
Mammals avoid strip skunks.
Mammals become more active.
Mammals begin as an egg cell fertilized by a sperm cell.
Mammals belong to a group of amniotes known as synapsids.
Mammals belong to a much larger group of vertebrates called synapsids.
Mammals belong to families.
Mammals belong to raccoon families.
Mammals belong to taxonomic families.
Mammals breathe air through their lungs.
Mammals breathe air with lungs.
Mammals breathe air.
Mammals breathe by moving the diaphragm downards an the ribs upwards and out.
Mammals breathe in air through their lungs.
Mammals breathe with lungs.
Mammals bring joy to millions of people around the world.
Mammals build in-group trust through awareness of common threats.
Mammals can adopt one of two strategies in order to survive.
Mammals can be consumers and secondary producers.
Mammals can contract TSEs by eating infected animals.
Mammals can generate and conserve heat when it's outside.
Mammals can generate their own heat and have the advantage of being large.
Mammals can get parasites from contaminated food or water , bug bites , or sexual contact .
Mammals can have fur or hair.
Mammals can learn to adapt and change in response to experiences.
Mammals can mark the areas that they live in.
Mammals can only get oxygen when they inhale.
Mammals can regenerate eye lenses in a similar way.
Mammals can regenerate hair, nails, and some other body tissues.
Mammals can regulate the temperature of their bodies by having one thing.
Mammals can synthesize only two of the B vitamins and require dietary sources of the others.
Mammals care for their young after birth a.
Mammals carry bacteria.
Mammals carry urine.
Mammals chew food.
Mammals Click on name for species profiles and photos.
Mammals Click on the photographs to see a larger image.
Mammals come from families.
Mammals come in contact.
Mammals commonly make up a large part of their diet including everything form small mice to rabbits.
Mammals commonly seen include baboon, dassie, grey rhebok and klipspringer.
Mammals compare themselves to others to avoid conflict.
Mammals complete development.
Mammals comprise the next-highest level of consciousness after humans.
Mammals consume berries.
Mammals consume cedar berries.
Mammals consume food.
Mammals consume juniper berries.
Mammals consume plants.
Mammals contains pictures and descriptions of various mammals including manatees and whales.
Mammals cross paths.
Mammals defend themselves from attackers in many ways.
Mammals depend on diets.
Mammals depend on ecosystems.
Mammals depend on environments.
Mammals depend on grass.
Mammals depend on plants.
Mammals depend on sea.
Mammals depend on the vegetation for food and shelter.
Mammals depend on water.
Mammals depend on wetland habitats, too.
Mammals derive folates from their diets.
Mammals descend from ancestors.
Mammals develop limbs.
Mammals dig burrows.
Mammals digest cellulose.
Mammals digest food through their digestive system.
Mammals display features.
Mammals display structural features.
Mammals diversify and become very abundant.
Mammals do have the same structure that marks the animal pole in frogs.
Mammals do strange things.
Mammals dominate the continents but are essentially completely absent from Oceanic Islands.
Mammals eat amphibians.
Mammals eat anything.
Mammals eat blueberries.
Mammals eat diets.
Mammals eat eggs.
Mammals eat foliage and twigs.
Mammals eat foliage.
Mammals eat food.
Mammals eat fruit.
Mammals eat grass.
Mammals eat leaves.
Mammals eat nuts.
Mammals eat organisms.
Mammals eat plants.
Mammals eat pretty much everything, apart from leaf detritus and mature tree wood.
Mammals eat proteins.
Mammals eat seeds.
Mammals eat types.
Mammals eat usual diets.
Mammals eat vegetation.
Mammals eliminate excess salt via kidney tubules.
Mammals employ different strategies to find food.
Mammals enjoy fruit.
Mammals enter shelter.
Mammals enter zones.
Mammals evolve faster on smaller islands.
Mammals evolve from Cretaceous ancestors in isolated groups on continental landmasses.
Mammals evolve rapidly.
Mammals exclude whales and porpoises.
Mammals excrete fluid.
Mammals excrete urea in the watery form of urine .
Mammals excrete urea.
Mammals excrete urine.
Mammals excrete waste fluid.
Mammals exhibit internal fertilization.
Mammals exhibit phenomena.
Mammals experience problems.
Mammals express one isoform from each lineage.
Mammals face problems.
Mammals face same problems.
Mammals fall into three groups that differ in the way they use the amniotic egg.
Mammals feed baby milk.
Mammals feed milk to their babies.
Mammals feed milk.
Mammals feed on fruit.
Mammals feed on leaves.
Mammals feed their young with milk from the mother's body.
Mammals find foliage.
Mammals fit in to the most advanced group of vertebrates.
Mammals form the main part of their diet especially rabbits, kangaroos, wallabies and wombats.
Mammals -Fossil .
Mammals generally have larger brains than other vertebrates of equivalent size.
Mammals Generally live trapping is the best way to deal with any mammal pest.
Mammals generate the internal heat via metabolism.
Mammals generate their own heat, so there is an advantage to being large.
Mammals get ancestors.
Mammals get common ancestors.
Mammals get food from plants or other animals .
Mammals get nutrients.
Mammals get water.
Mammals give birth to live young because the development takes place internally .
Mammals give birth to live young because the development takes place internally.
Mammals give birth to live young which are fed milk.
Mammals give birth to live young.
Mammals give birth to mammals.
Mammals give birth to offspring.
Mammals give live birth and give their babies milk.
Mammals give live birth.
Mammals -Gives lists of fauna that is rare, on the verge of extinction or protected.
Mammals go into hibernation.
Mammals go into true hibernation.
Mammals grow cells.
Mammals grow rapidly after birth, but slow to a terminal adult stage.
Mammals has-part backs.
Mammals has-part bones.
Mammals has-part claws.
Mammals has-part cortexes.
Mammals has-part diaphragms.
Mammals has-part eyes.
Mammals has-part feet.
Mammals has-part glands.
Mammals has-part incisors.
Mammals has-part jaws.
Mammals has-part legs.
Mammals has-part noses.
Mammals has-part organs.
Mammals has-part penises.
Mammals has-part shoulders.
Mammals has-part stomachs.
Mammals has-part teeth.
Mammals has-part toes.
Mammals have (part) brains.
Mammals have (part) breasts.
Mammals have (part) cell membranes.
Mammals have (part) cells.
Mammals have (part) chest cavities.
Mammals have (part) chests.
Mammals have (part) corpi.
Mammals have (part) cytoplasm.
Mammals have (part) ears.
Mammals have (part) faces.
Mammals have (part) heads.
Mammals have (part) nuclei.
Mammals have (part) pedal extremities.
Mammals have (part) piluses.
Mammals have (part) plasma membranes.
Mammals have (part) rib cages.
Mammals have (part) sections.
Mammals have (part) skulls.
Mammals have (part) sterna.
Mammals have (part) vacuoles.
Mammals have (part) vertebrate feet.
Mammals have a back-bone.
Mammals have a backbone.
Mammals have a chromosomal system of sex-determination.
Mammals have a dentition divided into three distinct types of teeth.
Mammals have a diaphragm muscle that causes the lung cavity to expand and draw in air.
Mammals have a diaphragm to aid in respiration.
Mammals have a four-chambered heart system that pumps blood into all parts of their body.
Mammals have a four-chambered heart.
Mammals have a good sense of touch.
Mammals have a jawbone composed solely of the dentary .
Mammals have a jawbone composed solely of the dentary.
Mammals have a migratory path comparable to that in Xenopus.
Mammals have a number of derived traits.
Mammals have a pair of bean-shaped kidneys.
Mammals have a soft, pliable lens for focusing.
Mammals have a thick dermis layer.
Mammals have a two-chambered heart.
Mammals have ability.
Mammals have an enlarged outer folding of the brain called the neocortex.
Mammals have an ovulation cycle.
Mammals have anatomies.
Mammals have ancestors.
Mammals have backbones.
Mammals have backs.
Mammals have body hair and fat to maintain a steady body temperature.
Mammals have body size.
Mammals have body temperature.
Mammals have bones.
Mammals have brains.
Mammals have breasts.
Mammals have breathe patterns.
Mammals have certain characteristics and behaviors.
Mammals have certain characteristics.
Mammals have characteristics.
Mammals have color vision.
Mammals have colour vision.
Mammals have common ancestors.
Mammals have common mammalian ancestors.
Mammals have complex, interactive development.
Mammals have concentration.
Mammals have constant temps.
Mammals have diets.
Mammals have different forms, sizes, and shapes.
Mammals have different sizes, forms and shapes.
Mammals have different types of teeth.
Mammals have ear bones.
Mammals have entirely different habits and behaviours.
Mammals have enzymes.
Mammals have excretion.
Mammals have expressive faces.
Mammals have extremities.
Mammals have eyes.
Mammals have faces.
Mammals have fertilization.
Mammals have fewer offspring, but invest heavily in their young through extended parental care.
Mammals have forelimbs.
Mammals have fur or hair and their babies drink their mother's milk.
Mammals have fur or hair, produce milk for their offspring, and are warm-blooded.
Mammals have fur or hair.
Mammals have fur.
Mammals have glands that produce substances that the body needs like hormones, sweat and milk.
Mammals have glands.
Mammals have habits.
Mammals have hair .
Mammals have hair and fur.
Mammals have hair and mammary glands and give birth to live young.
Mammals have hair and mammary glands.
Mammals have hair or fur on their bodies.
Mammals have hair, at least at some stage in their development.
Mammals have hair, scales, or fur, which insulates the body to help conserve body heat.
Mammals have hair.
Mammals have hair.
Mammals have hairs, nurse their young, and have live births.
Mammals have heads.
Mammals have hearts.
Mammals have horizontal tails.
Mammals have impact.
Mammals have inner ear bones.
Mammals have internal fertilization.
Mammals have jaws.
Mammals have keratin-based hair, used to maintain an endothermic metabolism.
Mammals have kidneys.
Mammals have large brains in comparison to other vertebrate groups and are capable of learning.
Mammals have legs.
Mammals have life.
Mammals have lifespans.
Mammals have limbs.
Mammals have live birth and care for their young for quite a time after birth.
Mammals have long forelimbs.
Mammals have long limbs.
Mammals have long noses.
Mammals have long tongues.
Mammals have low tolerance.
Mammals have lungs.
Mammals have mammalian ancestors.
Mammals have mammary glands, which, in females, produce milk to feed young.
Mammals have mammary glands.
Mammals have many organ systems.
Mammals have many physical characteristics that make mammals distinct from other animals.
Mammals have mate habits.
Mammals have metabolism.
Mammals have middle ear bones.
Mammals have milk glands.
Mammals have milk.
Mammals have milk-secreting mammary glands and hairy bodies.
Mammals have mouths.
Mammals have neck vertebrae.
Mammals have nipples.
Mammals have noses.
Mammals have only one bone in the lower jaw, the dentary.
Mammals have only one paired bone, the dentary, in the lower jaw.
Mammals have only two sets of teeth.
Mammals have options.
Mammals have output.
Mammals have ovaries.
Mammals have parasites that can live in other mammals.
Mammals have patterns.
Mammals have peak output.
Mammals have periods of dreaming sleep and slow- wave sleep.
Mammals have periods.
Mammals have physiological responses.
Mammals have placentas.
Mammals have poor color vision.
Mammals have poor vision.
Mammals have predators.
Mammals have real impact.
Mammals have red blood.
Mammals have reproductive structures.
Mammals have responses.
Mammals have ribs.
Mammals have round heads.
Mammals have scrota.
Mammals have senses.
Mammals have separate openings for the digestive and reproductive systems.
Mammals have seven cervical vertebrae, a number that remains remarkably constant.
Mammals have several distinct characteristics.
Mammals have several unique adaptations including mammary glands and hair.
Mammals have short lifespans.
Mammals have short periods.
Mammals have sides.
Mammals have size.
Mammals have social life.
Mammals have spines.
Mammals have spots.
Mammals have stomachs.
Mammals have strong jaws.
Mammals have structures.
Mammals have suction lungs.
Mammals have temperature.
Mammals have temps.
Mammals have testes.
Mammals have the largest brains in relation to body size of any vertebrate.
Mammals have thick fur.
Mammals have three little bones in their inner ear, the ear ossicles .
Mammals have three types of cartilage.
Mammals have to eat a lot to maintain their high body temperature.
Mammals have tolerance.
Mammals have tongues.
Mammals have tops.
Mammals have true fur.
Mammals have two general classes of fat cell, brown and white.
Mammals have two middle ear bones instead of only one.
Mammals have two occipital condyles, birds and reptiles have only one.
Mammals have two sets of teeth, milk and permanent.
Mammals have two types of teeth, the primary teeth and the permanent teeth.
Mammals have uteruses.
Mammals have vertebrae.
Mammals have vision.
Mammals have warm blood, and fur or hair, and breathe air.
Mammals have weight.
Mammals have wet noses.
Mammals head for cover beneath the frost line.
Mammals hear sound.
Mammals help pollinate and fertilize as they graze and swallow delicious fruits.
Mammals Here are some carnivore mammals.
Mammals hide in forests.
Mammals however are big.
Mammals hunt at nights.
Mammals hunt for food.
Mammals hunt for prey.
Mammals include african wild dogs.
Mammals include animals.
Mammals include bears.
Mammals include bison.
Mammals include bottlenose dolphins.
Mammals include dogs.
Mammals include dolphins.
Mammals include grizzly bears.
Mammals include humans.
Mammals include lemurs.
Mammals include lions.
Mammals include rats.
Mammals include small animals.
Mammals include squirrels.
Mammals include whales.
Mammals include wild dogs.
Mammals ingest diets.
Mammals ingest protein diets.
Mammals inhabit areas.
Mammals inhabit arid environments.
Mammals inhabit earth.
Mammals inhabit environments.
Mammals inhabit forest areas.
Mammals inhabit grassland areas.
Mammals inhabit just about every corner of the Earth.
Mammals inhabit mountain areas.
Mammals inhabit niches.
Mammals inhabit open grassland areas.
Mammals inhabit regions.
Mammals inhabit rivers.
Mammals lack quadratojugals.
Mammals lack sclerotic rings.
Mammals lead life.
Mammals Learn about the characteristics that differentiate mammals from other vertebrates.
Mammals leave the nest at different times of the year, too.
Mammals leave trees.
Mammals life in many places.
Mammals life in places.
Mammals lift heads.
Mammals likewise have direct development.
Mammals live both on land and in water.
Mammals live during early periods.
Mammals live during periods.
Mammals live everywhere in and on the earth.
Mammals live in a variety of habitats so they eat a variety of food.
Mammals live in all different kinds of habitats.
Mammals live in all kinds of habitats from the tropics to the polar regions.
Mammals live in all regions and climates.
Mammals live in aquatic environments.
Mammals live in burrows.
Mammals live in climates.
Mammals live in countries.
Mammals live in desert environments.
Mammals live in environments.
Mammals live in fields.
Mammals live in grassland.
Mammals live in habitats.
Mammals live in herds.
Mammals live in houses.
Mammals live in landscapes.
Mammals live in regions.
Mammals live in setting.
Mammals live in wetland habitats.
Mammals live in winter climates.
Mammals live in woodlands.
Mammals live on plants.
Mammals living in the refuge include bobcat, deer, raccoon, squirrel, mink, otter, and fox.
Mammals lose a lot of heat by breathing though the mouth.
Mammals lose body heat when they exhale.
Mammals maintain a constant high body temperature independent of their surroundings.
Mammals maintain a stable body temperate, independent of the external environmental temperature.
Mammals maintain body temperature.
Mammals maintain constant body temperature.
Mammals maintain constant temperature.
Mammals maintain lower body temperature.
Mammals maintain temperature.
Mammals make bases.
Mammals make sound.
Mammals make up the vertebrate class Mammalia.
Mammals make vibration.
Mammals manipulate the larynx, birds the syrinx.
Mammals mate in summer.
Mammals may have difficulty.
Mammals migrate to the most favorable conditions of food and weather.
Mammals move ears.
Mammals move sources.
Mammals move to center stage.
Mammals need diets.
Mammals need moisture.
Mammals need water.
Mammals never feed themselves at first .
Mammals never feed themselves at first.
Mammals normally produce lactase only as long as the mother has milk .
Mammals normally produce lactase only as long as the mother has milk.
Mammals Note the five vertebral regions - cervical, thoracic, lumbar, sacral and caudal.
Mammals nourish their young with milk from special mammary glands.
Mammals nourish their young with milk produced by the mother's mammary glands.
Mammals nourish young with milk, have a four- chambered hear, four legs, and breath with lungs.
Mammals nurse their babies with milk.
Mammals nurse their babies, are warm-blooded, breathe air, have live birth, and have hair.
Mammals nurse their young with milk.
Mammals nurse their young.
Mammals occasionally become infected if bitten by an infected mosquito.
Mammals occur in wetlands throughout the year.
Mammals offer another and similar case.
Mammals only have the slow block.
Mammals patrol territory.
Mammals peek out, thrive.
Mammals play important roles.
Mammals play key roles.
Mammals play many roles in the wetlands.
Mammals play roles.
Mammals point lower teeth.
Mammals point teeth.
Mammals possess an external auditory meatus and an external ear composed of elastic cartilage.
Mammals possess bodies.
Mammals possess cells.
Mammals possess characteristics.
Mammals possess collagen.
Mammals possess descendants.
Mammals possess energy.
Mammals possess enzymes.
Mammals possess eyes that rotate in the socket.
Mammals possess genes.
Mammals possess glands.
Mammals possess hemoglobins.
Mammals possess lungs.
Mammals possess neurons.
Mammals possess organs.
Mammals possess pigment.
Mammals possess psychological characteristics.
Mammals possess structures.
Mammals possess sweat glands.
Mammals possess teeth.
Mammals possess vision.
Mammals possess well developed, highly efficient kidneys.
Mammals predominate, but birds, amphibians, reptiles and insects also feature.
Mammals predominate, but birds, reptiles and flora are also represented.
Mammals prey on eggs and young.
Mammals produce a particular enzyme that breaks down fat in the body.
Mammals produce biocomposite materials such as bone and cartilage.
Mammals produce concentrate urine.
Mammals produce fewer offspring than reptiles.
Mammals produce glucocorticoid hormones in stressful situations.
Mammals produce live young which they nourish with milk.
Mammals produce milk for their young from mammary glands.
Mammals produce milk with which to feed their young.
Mammals produce milk.
Mammals produce urea.
Mammals produce urine.
Mammals protect their babies more than other animals.
Mammals provide food.
Mammals provide intensive parental care to their young.
Mammals provide meat.
Mammals provide milk.
Mammals provide nourishment.
Mammals radiate into several groups but are small in size and relatively unimportant.
Mammals radiate into several important groups but remain small and unimportant.
Mammals raise families.
Mammals reach maturity.
Mammals reach sexual maturity.
Mammals receive nutrition.
Mammals reduce heat loss in many ways.
Mammals regularly mark their territorial boundaries with pheromones from specialized glands.
Mammals regulate body temperature.
Mammals regulate temperature.
Mammals relate to rabbits.
Mammals release enzymes.
Mammals rely on insulation.
Mammals remain small, possibly nocturnal.
Mammals represent an advance from birds because of their method of reproduction.
Mammals reproduce sexually, via the union of sperm and egg cells.
Mammals require a lot of food which is completely processed during digestion.
Mammals require a unanimous vote of approval.
Mammals require diets.
Mammals require greater parental care than reptiles.
Mammals require habitats.
Mammals require water.
Mammals resemble animals.
Mammals resemble mammals.
Mammals reside in areas.
Mammals reside in hilly areas.
Mammals retain certain features.
Mammals retain ears.
Mammals retain features.
Mammals retain skeletal features.
Mammals roam all over the world and have a range of different habitats.
Mammals roam countrysides.
Mammals roam earth.
Mammals run in herds, termites have colonies and whales run in pods.
Mammals scatterhoard to store food for retrieval during lean times.
Mammals see light.
Mammals see ultraviolet light.
Mammals seek habitats.
Mammals seek meals.
Mammals seek shelter.
Mammals seek wetland habitats.
Mammals seem to have been only moderately successful as terrestrial carnivores.
Mammals seems like a great choice.
Mammals serve as food.
Mammals share characteristics.
Mammals share common characteristics.
Mammals share environments.
Mammals share features.
Mammals share several common characteristics.
Mammals share several features.
Mammals show characteristics.
Mammals show development.
Mammals show differences.
Mammals show distinct preference.
Mammals show intra-species pollutant transfer during the lactation period.
Mammals show jaws.
Mammals show preference.
Mammals show similar characteristics.
Mammals show variation.
Mammals sporting defensive spines also live longer than their less well defended counterparts.
Mammals stand on legs.
Mammals survive conflict.
Mammals survive extinction.
Mammals survive in arctic conditions.
Mammals survive in blast zones.
Mammals survive in conditions.
Mammals survive in harsh arctic conditions.
Mammals survive in harsh conditions.
Mammals survive in zones.
Mammals survive winter.
Mammals swallow food.
Mammals swallow prey.
Mammals take advantage.
Mammals take over from reptiles.
Mammals take oxygen into their lungs, and discard carbon dioxide.
Mammals talk to each other by making sounds.
Mammals tend to eat producers including grass and other plants.
Mammals thrive in districts.
Mammals thrive in ecosystems.
Mammals thrive in environments.
Mammals thrive in forests.
Mammals thrive in habitats.
Mammals thrive in wetland.
Mammals to mark territory.
Mammals transmit sound.
Mammals turn it into urea and urinate it out.
Mammals typically have four parathyroid glands, while other types of animals typically have six.
Mammals typically have heads.
Mammals use behaviour patterns.
Mammals use instinctive behaviour patterns.
Mammals use instinctive patterns.
Mammals use melatonin.
Mammals use metabolism.
Mammals use mouths.
Mammals use olfactionprimarily in social relation for group survival.
Mammals use patterns.
Mammals use reproduction.
Mammals use sexual reproduction.
Mammals use slippery mucus to line their digestive, respiratory, and reproductive tracts.
Mammals use sound.
Mammals use urea as the primary form in which their nitrogenous wastes are removed.
Mammals use vision in hunting, navigation, locomotion and foraging.
Mammals utilizing the area include raccoons, chipmunks, gray and fox squirrels, beaver, and deer.
Mammals visit families.
Mammals visit ground.
Mammals visit habitats.
Mammals visit water.
Mammals walk on feet.
Mammals walk on legs.
Mammals walk, run, swim and climb on legs of all shapes and sizes.
Mammals want food.
Mammals want to fish.
Mammals weigh kgs.
Mammals frequently seen include baboon, colobus monkey, warthog, marsh mongoose and bushbuck.
Mammals sometimes get it from dew on grass.
Mammals usually illustrate a lengthen- ing out of the embryonic period and birds a shortening of it.
All mammals also have hair, made of keratin.
All mammals are animals.
All mammals are born with the exception of the platypus.
All mammals are cats.
All mammals are endothermic and most are homeothermic.
All mammals are endothermic, or warm-blooded creatures.
All mammals are omnivores.
ALL mammals are sexual.
All mammals are susceptible to becoming infected with the rabies virus.
All mammals are susceptible to rabies, and any animal infected with rabies can transmit the virus.
All mammals are susceptible to rabies.
All mammals are susceptible, including humans.
All mammals are vertebrate animals, which means they have a backbone.
All mammals are vertebrates.
All mammals are warm blooded and have a great sense of smell.
All mammals are warm-blooded creatures.
All mammals are warm-blooded.
All mammals are well adapted for the biome they call home.
All mammals breathe air, even whales and dolphins.
All mammals breathe air.
All mammals breathe in basically the same way, but some store oxygen more efficiently.
All mammals can carry rabies.
All mammals can catch rabies, but some are more susceptible than others.
All mammals can contract rabies.
All mammals can learn and rely at least partially on learned behavior for survival.
All mammals can swim to some extent.
All mammals can swim.
All mammals can transmit rabies.
All mammals do.
All mammals dream.
All mammals feed their babies milk.
All mammals feed their infants with milk.
All mammals feed their young on milk, which is made by glands in the skin or the mammary glands.
All mammals feed their young through the process of lactation.
All mammals feed their young with milk from the mother.
All mammals give birth to live offspring.
All mammals give birth to live young.
All mammals have a backbone.
All mammals have a foreskin.
All mammals have a gene called agouti.
All mammals have a great deal in common genetically.
All mammals have a mommy and daddy.
All mammals have a single canine in each quadrant, if they have canines at all.
All mammals have a thyroid gland.
All mammals have at least two legs.
All mammals have breasts and humans are no exception.
All mammals have four limbs.
All mammals have fur or hair, yet they all look different from one another.
All mammals have fur or hair.
All mammals have hair at least some time in their lives.
All mammals have hair even elephants and whales.
All mammals have hair on part or all of their bodies at some point in their development.
All mammals have hair, a body covering made of keratin.
All mammals have hair, a slender, threadlike outgrowth of the epidermis.
All mammals have hair, are warm-blooded, and give birth to live young which feed via mammary glands.
All mammals have hair, mammary glands, and a placenta.
All mammals have hair.
All mammals have hearts All mammals thus far observed have had hearts.
All mammals have livers, kidneys, endoskeletons, hair, noses, brains, etc.
All mammals have lungs that are the main organs for breathing.
All mammals have lungs to breathe air.
All mammals have mammary glands to feed their young.
All mammals have milk glands for their young, and they keep a constant body temperature.
All mammals have more genes in common with each other than, say, with a jellyfish.
All mammals have painful births, and elephants are no exception.
All mammals have several scent glands that they use to mark objects in their habitat.
All mammals have some sort of hair covering some, much, or virtually all of their bodies.
All mammals have the limbic system.
All mammals have the same number of chromosomes.
All mammals have three tiny bones in the ear, called the hammer, anvil and stirrup.
All mammals have two ears.
All mammals including humans can get rabies.
All mammals including man are susceptible to rabies.
All mammals interact with each other.
All mammals make colostrum for their newborn.
All mammals make milk to feed their their young.
All mammals make mucus.
All mammals nourish their young with milk.
All mammals nurse their young.
All mammals nurture their young with milk.
All mammals possess at least some fur on their body.
All mammals probably share the same genetic requirements for reproductive development.
All mammals produce milk for their young.
All mammals produce milk.
All mammals produce smegma.
All mammals produce tough, flexible bone and cartilage.
All mammals protect and look after their young, though details differ greatly.
All mammals reproduce sexually, through internal fertilization.
All mammals satisfy the continuity criterion.
All mammals share several distinctive traits.
All mammals share some basic body parts.
All mammals sleep although for varying times.
All mammals suckle their young.
All mammals thermoregulate their bodies to a specific range of temperatures.
All mammals use their mouths and noses to breathe air into their lungs, according to Boundless.
Any mammal can contract rabies.
Any mammal can get rabies, including humans, dogs, cats, cows, and horses.
Any mammal can get rabies.
Any mammal can potentially transmit rabies.
Every mammal can jump except elephants.
Every mammal is a vertebrate.
Every mammal is different.
Many mammals also find a home here.
Many mammals are born with virtually no hair and grow more as they mature.
Many mammals are dark dorsally and relatively pale ventrally, a pattern called countercoloration.
Many mammals are fairly common and are most active during early morning or late evening.
Many mammals are primarily nocturnal, and a walk at night with a good flashlight can be rewarding.
Many mammals bear offspring that see and walk as soon as they hit the ground.
Many mammals call Maine their home, both in the forest and along the coast.
Many mammals carry rabies.
Many mammals dramatize their sexual differences in urination posture.
Many mammals fluff up their fur when threatened, to look bigger and so more dangerous.
Many mammals get prion diseases, including mink, squirrels, elk, deer, and cats.
Many mammals have a keen sense of smell and they, too, respond to shapes and shades of gray.
Many mammals have considerable influence on soil communities.
Many mammals have fur and other hairs that serve different functions.
Many mammals have hooves that are cloven with two parts.
Many mammals have more than one set of scent glands.
Many mammals have no color perception.
Many mammals have swimming movements identical with their terrestrial limb movements.
Many mammals have testes located in a scrotum outside the body cavity.
Many mammals hibernate during the cold winter months when food is in short supply.
Many mammals hibernate.
Many mammals inhabit the park, including black bear, moose, wolves, mountain goats, and coyotes.
Many mammals inhabit the refuge.
Many mammals live in cold places.
Many mammals live in families or groups.
Many mammals live in rainforests, including gorillas, sloths, jaguars, and people.
Many mammals live in social groups, such as of elephants or prides of lions.
Many mammals live in the sea.
Many mammals make use of burrows but only a few birds do -e.g.
Many mammals masturbate including humans, other primates, rodents, and more.
Many mammals migrate during special times of the year in order to get food and survive.
Many mammals move the external ear freely in order to detect sounds efficiently.
Many mammals shiver at low temperatures.
Many mammals therefore live on land.
Many mammals thrive in the rainforest and bats are among the most common.
Many mammals use urine to mark their territory.
More mammals actually live there.
Most mammals adapt for life.
Most mammals adapt to arid conditions.
Most mammals adapt to cold conditions.
Most mammals adapt to conditions.
Most mammals adapt to environments.
Most mammals adapt to saltwater environments.
Most mammals adapt to water.
Most mammals also experience a variety of light conditions, night, dawn, day and dusk.
Most mammals also have body hair.
Most mammals also possess sweat glands and specialized teeth.
Most mammals are active all year.
Most mammals are almost all fur-bearing and give birth to fully developed babies.
Most mammals are color-blind.
Most mammals are evolved from animals.
Most mammals are known as primates.
Most mammals are located in continents.
Most mammals are located in environments.
Most mammals are located in ground.
Most mammals are located in nature.
Most mammals are member of families.
Most mammals are nocturnal and secretive in their habits.
Most mammals are nose breathers.
Most mammals are placental mammals, like cats, dogs, horses, and people.
Most mammals are polygynist.
Most mammals are quadrupedal, but man is bipedal.
Most mammals are secretive, and all are interesting.
Most mammals are shy, well camouflaged or nocturnal.
Most mammals are terrestrial.
Most mammals are therians, which give birth to live young.
Most mammals are too fast for bears to catch, but moose calves are an exception.
Most mammals are viviparous, but a few primitive ones lay eggs.
Most mammals are viviparous, giving birth to their offspring alive.
Most mammals are viviparous.
Most mammals attain full size.
Most mammals attain size.
Most mammals avoid attacks.
Most mammals avoid fire.
Most mammals avoid people.
Most mammals avoid skunks.
Most mammals avoid strip skunks.
Most mammals bear live young.
Most mammals bear their young live.
Most mammals belong to families.
Most mammals belong to raccoon families.
Most mammals belong to taxonomic families.
Most mammals can adjust to various levels of protein intake.
Most mammals can be active even in cold weather because they are warm-blooded.
Most mammals can spread the disease but it is most often spread by raccoons, foxes, and skunks.
Most mammals carry bacteria.
Most mammals carry urine.
Most mammals chew food.
Most mammals come from families.
Most mammals come in contact.
Most mammals consume cedar berries.
Most mammals consume food.
Most mammals consume plants.
Most mammals cross paths.
Most mammals depend on diets.
Most mammals depend on ecosystems.
Most mammals depend on environments.
Most mammals depend on grass.
Most mammals depend on plants.
Most mammals depend on sea.
Most mammals depend on water.
Most mammals descend from ancestors.
Most mammals develop limbs.
Most mammals dig burrows.
Most mammals display features.
Most mammals display structural features.
Most mammals do have seven neck bones.
Most mammals do that for their babies.
Most mammals eat anything.
Most mammals eat blueberries.
Most mammals eat diets.
Most mammals eat eggs.
Most mammals eat foliage.
Most mammals eat food.
Most mammals eat fruit.
Most mammals eat grass.
Most mammals eat leaves.
Most mammals eat nuts.
Most mammals eat organisms.
Most mammals eat plants.
Most mammals eat proteins.
Most mammals eat seeds.
Most mammals eat types.
Most mammals eat usual diets.
Most mammals eat vegetation.
Most mammals enjoy fruit.
Most mammals enter shelter.
Most mammals enter zones.
Most mammals excrete fluid.
Most mammals excrete nitrogenous wastes in the form of urea , an ancestral trait.
Most mammals excrete urate as a minor end product of nitrogen metabolism.
Most mammals excrete urea.
Most mammals excrete urine.
Most mammals excrete waste fluid.
Most mammals face problems.
Most mammals face same problems.
Most mammals feed baby milk.
Most mammals feed milk.
Most mammals feed on fruit.
Most mammals feed on leaves.
Most mammals find foliage.
Most mammals follow the one-half rule.
Most mammals get ancestors.
Most mammals get common ancestors.
Most mammals get nutrients.
Most mammals get water.
Most mammals give birth to live young, as opposed to laying eggs.
Most mammals give birth to mammals.
Most mammals give birth to offspring.
Most mammals give their young more protection and training than do other animals.
Most mammals go into hibernation.
Most mammals go into true hibernation.
Most mammals grow cells.
Most mammals has-part backs.
Most mammals has-part bones.
Most mammals has-part claws.
Most mammals has-part cortexes.
Most mammals has-part diaphragms.
Most mammals has-part eyes.
Most mammals has-part feet.
Most mammals has-part glands.
Most mammals has-part incisors.
Most mammals has-part jaws.
Most mammals has-part legs.
Most mammals has-part noses.
Most mammals has-part organs.
Most mammals has-part penises.
Most mammals has-part shoulders.
Most mammals has-part stomachs.
Most mammals has-part teeth.
Most mammals has-part toes.
Most mammals have a good sense of hearing.
Most mammals have a larger and well-developed brain.
Most mammals have a mixture of rods and cones in their retinas.
Most mammals have a similar group of tissues making up their teeth.
Most mammals have ability.
Most mammals have anatomies.
Most mammals have ancestors.
Most mammals have backs.
Most mammals have body size.
Most mammals have body temperature.
Most mammals have bones.
Most mammals have brains.
Most mammals have breathe patterns.
Most mammals have built-in population control, only humans insist on reckless breeding.
Most mammals have certain characteristics.
Most mammals have characteristics.
Most mammals have color vision.
Most mammals have colour vision.
Most mammals have common ancestors.
Most mammals have common mammalian ancestors.
Most mammals have concentration.
Most mammals have constant temps.
Most mammals have diets.
Most mammals have ear bones.
Most mammals have enzymes.
Most mammals have excretion.
Most mammals have expressive faces.
Most mammals have extremities.
Most mammals have eyes.
Most mammals have fertilization.
Most mammals have few if any eccrine glands.
Most mammals have forelimbs.
Most mammals have foreskin .
Most mammals have foreskin.
Most mammals have four legs.
Most mammals have four limbs and are born rather than hatched.
Most mammals have fur.
Most mammals have glands.
Most mammals have habits.
Most mammals have hair or fur, stongly differentiated teeth and highly developed senses.
Most mammals have hair, and all land mammals have four limbs.
Most mammals have hair, or fur, covering their body.
Most mammals have heads.
Most mammals have hearts.
Most mammals have impact.
Most mammals have inner ear bones.
Most mammals have internal fertilization.
Most mammals have jaws.
Most mammals have legs.
Most mammals have life.
Most mammals have lifespans.
Most mammals have limbs.
Most mammals have live birth, that is, the young are born alive after developing inside the mother.
Most mammals have long forelimbs.
Most mammals have long limbs.
Most mammals have long noses.
Most mammals have long tongues.
Most mammals have low tolerance.
Most mammals have lungs.
Most mammals have mammalian ancestors.
Most mammals have mammary glands.
Most mammals have mate habits.
Most mammals have metabolism.
Most mammals have middle ear bones.
Most mammals have milk glands.
Most mammals have milk.
Most mammals have mouths.
Most mammals have neck vertebrae.
Most mammals have nipples.
Most mammals have no or only very limited color vision.
Most mammals have noses.
Most mammals have one set of sex chromosomes, XX for female and XY for male.
Most mammals have options.
Most mammals have output.
Most mammals have ovaries.
Most mammals have papillae at the base of the epidermis.
Most mammals have patterns.
Most mammals have peak output.
Most mammals have periods.
Most mammals have physiological responses.
Most mammals have placentas.
Most mammals have poor color vision.
Most mammals have poor vision.
Most mammals have predators.
Most mammals have real impact.
Most mammals have relatively smooth hair, but the hair of a sloth is pitted or grooved.
Most mammals have reproductive structures.
Most mammals have responses.
Most mammals have round heads.
Most mammals have scrota.
Most mammals have sebaceous glands which soften and lubricate the hair and skin.
Most mammals have senses.
Most mammals have seven cervical vertebrae, but sloths possess nine.
Most mammals have short lifespans.
Most mammals have short periods.
Most mammals have sides.
Most mammals have size.
Most mammals have small, almost microscopic eggs containing very little yolk.
Most mammals have social life.
Most mammals have some hair or fur on their body.
Most mammals have some type of claw or nail.
Most mammals have spines.
Most mammals have spots.
Most mammals have strong jaws.
Most mammals have structures.
Most mammals have temperature.
Most mammals have temps.
Most mammals have testes.
Most mammals have thick fur.
Most mammals have tolerance.
Most mammals have tongues.
Most mammals have two sets of teeth just as humans have.
Most mammals have typical carnivore, herbivore or insectivore dentition.
Most mammals have uteruses.
Most mammals have vertebrae.
Most mammals have very few cones if any.
Most mammals have vision.
Most mammals have weight.
Most mammals have wet noses.
Most mammals hear sound.
Most mammals hide in forests.
Most mammals ingest protein diets.
Most mammals inhabit areas.
Most mammals inhabit arid environments.
Most mammals inhabit earth.
Most mammals inhabit environments.
Most mammals inhabit forest areas.
Most mammals inhabit grassland areas.
Most mammals inhabit mountain areas.
Most mammals inhabit niches.
Most mammals inhabit open grassland areas.
Most mammals inhabit regions.
Most mammals inhabit rivers.
Most mammals lack stereo vision, and dung flies surely find dung delicious.
Most mammals lead life.
Most mammals leave trees.
Most mammals lift heads.
Most mammals live and move on the ground.
Most mammals live during early periods.
Most mammals live during periods.
Most mammals live in aquatic environments.
Most mammals live in burrows.
Most mammals live in climates.
Most mammals live in countries.
Most mammals live in desert environments.
Most mammals live in environments.
Most mammals live in fields.
Most mammals live in grassland.
Most mammals live in habitats.
Most mammals live in herds.
Most mammals live in houses.
Most mammals live in landscapes.
Most mammals live in more of a world of scent than of sight.
Most mammals live in regions.
Most mammals live in setting.
Most mammals live in wetland habitats.
Most mammals live in winter climates.
Most mammals live in woodlands.
Most mammals live on land.
Most mammals live on plants.
Most mammals maintain body temperature.
Most mammals maintain constant body temperature.
Most mammals maintain constant temperature.
Most mammals maintain lower body temperature.
Most mammals maintain temperature.
Most mammals make bases.
Most mammals make sound.
Most mammals make vibration.
Most mammals mate in summer.
Most mammals move ears.
Most mammals move sources.
Most mammals occurring in cypress swamps occupy ecotones.
Most mammals play important roles.
Most mammals play key roles.
Most mammals play roles.
Most mammals point lower teeth.
Most mammals point teeth.
Most mammals possess bodies.
Most mammals possess cells.
Most mammals possess characteristics.
Most mammals possess collagen.
Most mammals possess descendants.
Most mammals possess energy.
Most mammals possess enzymes.
Most mammals possess genes.
Most mammals possess glands.
Most mammals possess hemoglobins.
Most mammals possess keen senses, especially hearing and smell.
Most mammals possess lungs.
Most mammals possess neurons.
Most mammals possess organs.
Most mammals possess pigment.
Most mammals possess psychological characteristics.
Most mammals possess structures.
Most mammals possess sweat glands.
Most mammals possess teeth.
Most mammals possess vision.
Most mammals produce concentrate urine.
Most mammals produce milk.
Most mammals produce sperm properly only when the testes are cooler than the rest of the body.
Most mammals produce urea.
Most mammals produce urine.
Most mammals provide food.
Most mammals provide meat.
Most mammals provide milk.
Most mammals provide nourishment.
Most mammals raise families.
Most mammals raise their young.
Most mammals reach maturity.
Most mammals reach sexual maturity.
Most mammals receive nutrition.
Most mammals regulate body temperature.
Most mammals regulate temperature.
Most mammals relate to rabbits.
Most mammals release enzymes.
Most mammals rely on insulation.
Most mammals require diets.
Most mammals require habitats.
Most mammals require water.
Most mammals resemble animals.
Most mammals resemble mammals.
Most mammals reside in areas.
Most mammals reside in hilly areas.
Most mammals retain certain features.
Most mammals retain ears.
Most mammals retain features.
Most mammals retain skeletal features.
Most mammals roll in dirt or mud for additional protection against sunburn.
Most mammals run facial control on auto-pilot.
Most mammals see light.
Most mammals see ultraviolet light.
Most mammals seek habitats.
Most mammals seek meals.
Most mammals seek shelter.
Most Mammals seek their food by day.
Most mammals seek wetland habitats.
Most mammals seem to be able to recognize and respond to it.
Most mammals serve as food.
Most mammals share a common organ structure that permits extrapolation from one species to another.
Most mammals share characteristics.
Most mammals share common characteristics.
Most mammals share environments.
Most mammals share several features.
Most mammals show characteristics.
Most mammals show development.
Most mammals show differences.
Most mammals show distinct preference.
Most mammals show jaws.
Most mammals show preference.
Most mammals show similar characteristics.
Most mammals show variation.
Most mammals stand on legs.
Most mammals stay away from the trails during the tourist season.
Most mammals survive conflict.
Most mammals survive extinction.
Most mammals survive in arctic conditions.
Most mammals survive in blast zones.
Most mammals survive in conditions.
Most mammals survive in harsh arctic conditions.
Most mammals survive in harsh conditions.
Most mammals survive in zones.
Most mammals survive winter.
Most mammals take advantage.
Most mammals thrive in districts.
Most mammals thrive in ecosystems.
Most mammals thrive in environments.
Most mammals thrive in forests.
Most mammals thrive in habitats.
Most mammals thrive in wetland.
Most mammals transmit sound.
Most mammals typically have heads.
Most mammals use bay swamps for cover.
Most mammals use behaviour patterns.
Most mammals use instinctive behaviour patterns.
Most mammals use instinctive patterns.
Most mammals use melatonin.
Most mammals use metabolism.
Most mammals use mouths.
Most mammals use patterns.
Most mammals use reproduction.
Most mammals use sexual reproduction.
Most mammals use sound.
Most mammals visit families.
Most mammals visit ground.
Most mammals visit habitats.
Most mammals visit water.
Most mammals walk on feet.
Most mammals walk on legs.
Most mammals walk or run.
Most mammals weigh kgs.
Some mammals adapt to aquatic life.
Some mammals adapt to life.
Some mammals adapt to niches.
Some mammals also use the areas as travel corridors along which they forage or hunt.
Some mammals appear in regions.
Some mammals are animals.
Some mammals are carnivorous , which means they have to eat meat.
Some mammals are carnivorous.
Some mammals are eaten by chimpanzees.
Some mammals are eaten by raccoons.
Some mammals are hairier than others.
Some mammals are herbivorous , which means they only eat plants.
Some mammals are kept in sea pens rather than tank pools.
Some mammals are located in Africa.
Some mammals are located in communities.
Some mammals are located in habitats.
Some mammals are located in mangroves.
Some mammals are located in marsh.
Some mammals are located in valleys.
Some mammals are located in wetland.
Some mammals are located on floors.
Some mammals are omnivores, eating both plants and meat.
Some mammals are tame, some are wild, some are large and some are small.
Some mammals are well adapted to living in very dry environments.
Some mammals are whales.
Some mammals attract animals.
Some mammals attract cougars.
Some mammals become diets.
Some mammals become pests.
Some mammals belong to weasels.
Some mammals bite people.
Some mammals browse huckleberries.
Some mammals browse on foliage.
Some mammals browse red huckleberries.
Some mammals bury nuts.
Some mammals can fly, too.
Some mammals carry fleas.
Some mammals carry load.
Some mammals carry viruses.
Some mammals cause damage.
Some mammals chew cuds.
Some mammals claim territories only during the breeding season.
Some mammals conserve water.
Some mammals consume fetuses.
Some mammals consume larvae.
Some mammals control body temperature.
Some mammals control temperature.
Some mammals cross highways.
Some mammals defend a territory for mating purposes.
Some mammals depend on continents.
Some mammals depend on eggs.
Some mammals depend on forests.
Some mammals depend on ground.
Some mammals depend on habitats.
Some mammals depend on homes.
Some mammals depend on nests.
Some mammals depend on pasture.
Some mammals depend on rivers.
Some mammals depend on wetland.
Some mammals destroy fruit.
Some mammals destroy nests.
Some mammals divide their time between land and water, such as the river otter.
Some mammals do seem to inherit emotional reactions.
Some mammals do, too.
Some mammals dominate ground.
Some mammals dominate insects.
Some mammals dominate snakes.
Some mammals dominate worlds.
Some mammals eat adult bullfrogs.
Some mammals eat animals.
Some mammals eat ants.
Some mammals eat bark.
Some mammals eat berries.
Some mammals eat blood.
Some mammals eat both plants and animals.
Some mammals eat bullfrogs.
Some mammals eat chameleons.
Some mammals eat crops.
Some mammals eat fish.
Some mammals eat flowers.
Some mammals eat fungi.
Some mammals eat gophers.
Some mammals eat herbages.
Some mammals eat insects, too.
Some mammals eat insects.
Some mammals eat krill.
Some mammals eat larvae.
Some mammals eat meat.
Some mammals eat moth larvae.
Some mammals eat roots.
Some mammals eat termites.
Some mammals eat trees.
Some mammals eat twigs.
Some mammals eat young trees.
Some mammals emerge from burrows.
Some mammals emerge from wetland.
Some mammals enter harbors.
Some mammals enter houses.
Some mammals enter into hibernation.
Some mammals enter into true hibernation.
Some mammals enter water.
Some mammals establish breed colonies.
Some mammals establish colonies.
Some mammals establish large breed colonies.
Some mammals establish large colonies.
Some mammals evolve from reptiles.
Some mammals excrete nitrogen.
Some mammals exhibit implantations.
Some mammals face extinction.
Some mammals feed on acacias.
Some mammals feed on ants.
Some mammals feed on arthropods.
Some mammals feed on bluefin tuna.
Some mammals feed on fish.
Some mammals feed on insects.
Some mammals feed on tuna.
Some mammals fill ecological niches.
Some mammals fill niches.
Some mammals find along atlantic coasts.
Some mammals find along coasts.
Some mammals find along subtropical coasts.
Some mammals find burrows.
Some mammals find in grassland.
Some mammals find on coasts.
Some mammals find on east coasts.
Some mammals find on north american east coasts.
Some mammals find on north coasts.
Some mammals float in ponds.
Some mammals float in water.
Some mammals fly over surfaces.
Some mammals follow patterns.
Some mammals follow routes.
Some mammals give birth to animals.
Some mammals give birth to cattle.
Some mammals give birth to dogs.
Some mammals give birth to livestock.
Some mammals give birth to mice.
Some mammals give birth to sheep.
Some mammals give milk.
Some mammals go to holes.
Some mammals go to sea.
Some mammals graze on twigs.
Some mammals has-part aortas.
Some mammals has-part hands.
Some mammals has-part hoofs.
Some mammals has-part nipples.
Some mammals has-part testes.
Some mammals have a carotid rete.
Some mammals have a thick coat of hair to provide warmth.
Some mammals have accessory lacrimal glands in their lower eyelids.
Some mammals have amylases.
Some mammals have bacteria.
Some mammals have birds.
Some mammals have bonds.
Some mammals have coats.
Some mammals have copies.
Some mammals have different covering like the armadillo has plates, porcupines have quills.
Some mammals have digestive tracts.
Some mammals have distribution.
Some mammals have fingerprints.
Some mammals have flippers.
Some mammals have follicles.
Some mammals have gills.
Some mammals have hair follicles.
Some mammals have hairs that are tightly packed and cover most of their bodies.
Some mammals have high intake.
Some mammals have high protein intake.
Some mammals have horns, claws and hoofs.
Some mammals have horns.
Some mammals have howler monkeys.
Some mammals have humps.
Some mammals have implantations.
Some mammals have levels.
Some mammals have lice.
Some mammals have long necks.
Some mammals have maternal bonds.
Some mammals have monkeys.
Some mammals have necks.
Some mammals have nephrons.
Some mammals have none of a certain type.
Some mammals have patches.
Some mammals have penises.
Some mammals have pouches.
Some mammals have pregnancy.
Some mammals have prehensile snouts.
Some mammals have prehensile tails.
Some mammals have protein intake.
Some mammals have reproductive tracts.
Some mammals have salivary amylases.
Some mammals have sensitive hair follicles.
Some mammals have short lifespans.
Some mammals have snouts.
Some mammals have stomach bacteria.
Some mammals have strong bonds.
Some mammals have strong maternal bonds.
Some mammals have tails.
Some mammals have teeth.
Some mammals have thumbs.
Some mammals have toes.
Some mammals have tracts.
Some mammals have wings.
Some mammals help children.
Some mammals help scientists.
Some mammals hibernate over months.
Some mammals hibernate over winter months.
Some mammals hold breaths.
Some mammals identify manatees.
Some mammals ingest larvae.
Some mammals inhabit coastal marine water.
Some mammals inhabit coastal water.
Some mammals inhabit freshwater streams.
Some mammals inhabit levels.
Some mammals inhabit marine water.
Some mammals inhabit oceans.
Some mammals inhabit pacific oceans.
Some mammals inhabit streams.
Some mammals inhabit water.
Some mammals interact with humans.
Some mammals introduce viruses.
Some mammals invade ground.
Some mammals kill insects.
Some mammals kill on roads.
Some mammals know as ungulates.
Some mammals live at elevation.
Some mammals live at high elevation.
Some mammals live exclusively on the forest floor.
Some mammals live in Africa.
Some mammals live in areas.
Some mammals live in Australia.
Some mammals live in caves.
Some mammals live in cities.
Some mammals live in coasts.
Some mammals live in cold water.
Some mammals live in concerts.
Some mammals live in Connecticut.
Some mammals live in dens.
Some mammals live in freeze water.
Some mammals live in ground.
Some mammals live in groups.
Some mammals live in lagoons.
Some mammals live in marsh.
Some mammals live in populations.
Some mammals live in prairie.
Some mammals live in rainforests.
Some mammals live in ranches.
Some mammals live in saltwaters.
Some mammals live in sanctuaries.
Some mammals live in sea water.
Some mammals live in shallow lagoons.
Some mammals live in societies.
Some mammals live in states.
Some mammals live in trees.
Some mammals live in underground dens.
Some mammals live in warm sea water.
Some mammals live in warm water.
Some mammals live in water.
Some mammals live in wetland.
Some mammals live near coastlines.
Some mammals live on continents.
Some mammals live on floors.
Some mammals live on grassland.
Some mammals live on ground.
Some mammals live on hills.
Some mammals live on land.
Some mammals live on rocky hills.
Some mammals live on savanna.
Some mammals look like adults.
Some mammals look like goats.
Some mammals look like hogs.
Some mammals look like pigs.
Some mammals look like wild goats.
Some mammals look like wild hogs.
Some mammals make burrows.
Some mammals make dioxide.
Some mammals make fluid.
Some mammals make mammals.
Some mammals make milk.
Some mammals make proteins.
Some mammals make their homes on or near the marsh.
Some mammals make up diets.
Some mammals migrate to valleys.
Some mammals migrate, other mammals hibernate when the weather is cool.
Some mammals move by running and leaping, some hop and some swim.
Some mammals move from trees.
Some mammals nurse their babies for only a few weeks.
Some mammals occur in mangroves.
Some mammals occur in white mangroves.
Some mammals possess characters.
Some mammals possess coats.
Some mammals possess fur.
Some mammals possess litter.
Some mammals possess ovaries.
Some mammals possess placentas.
Some mammals possess plates.
Some mammals possess tails.
Some mammals possess trunks.
Some mammals prey on birds.
Some mammals prey on flightless birds.
Some mammals produce offspring.
Some mammals provide habitats.
Some mammals provide parasites.
Some mammals provide prey.
Some mammals provide proteins.
Some mammals relate to cats.
Some mammals relate to llamas.
Some mammals relate to pigs.
Some mammals rely on leaves.
Some mammals rely on tunnels.
Some mammals resemble deer.
Some mammals resemble elephants.
Some mammals resemble rats.
Some mammals resemble rodents.
Some mammals resemble shrews.
Some mammals resemble woodchucks.
Some mammals return to sea.
Some mammals roam tropical rainforests.
Some mammals roam Vietnam.
Some mammals seek prey.
Some mammals serve as hosts.
Some mammals share ancestors.
Some mammals share common ancestors.
Some mammals share farms.
Some mammals share habitats.
Some mammals shed layers.
Some mammals show climate fluctuations.
Some mammals show fluctuations.
Some mammals sit on limbs.
Some mammals slip into burrows beneath the ground to sleep away the cold winter months.
Some mammals steal food.
Some mammals swim in groups.
Some mammals swim in ponds.
Some mammals swim in rivers.
Some mammals swim in water.
Some mammals threaten crops.
Some mammals thrive in Africa.
Some mammals thrive in ground.
Some mammals thrive in groups.
Some mammals thrive in homes.
Some mammals thrive in marsh.
Some mammals thrive in pasture.
Some mammals thrive in rivers.
Some mammals thrive in water.
Some mammals transmit diseases.
Some mammals undergo adaptive radiation.
Some mammals undergo evolutionary radiation.
Some mammals undergo radiation.
Some mammals undergo rapid adaptive radiation.
Some mammals use animals.
Some mammals use burrows.
Some mammals use cavities.
Some mammals use dead wood.
Some mammals use diaphragms.
Some mammals use echolocation.
Some mammals use estuaries.
Some mammals use lenses.
Some mammals use methods.
Some mammals use prairie dog burrows.
Some mammals use sounds, sights, touches or smell to signal each other.
Some mammals use their hearing to detect objects in the dark.
Some mammals use urine.
Some mammals use wood.
Some mammals visit environments.
Some mammals visit fields.
Some mammals visit holes.
Some mammals visit homes.
Some mammals weigh ounces.
Some mammals weigh tons.
Mammalian behaviour is fascinating and is often complex.
Mammalian brains have certain characteristics.
Mammalian brains have characteristics.
All mammalian brains possess a neocortex , a brain region unique to mammals.
Most mammalian brains have certain characteristics.
Most mammalian brains have characteristics.
Mammalian cells are eukaryotic cells.
Mammalian cells divide by undergoing a process called a cell cycle.
Mammalian cells have limited capacity to introduce double bonds in fatty acids.
Mammalian cells lines The problem of diploidy and polyploidy Mutation rates.
Mammalian cells require positive signals from growth factors for cell division.
Mammalian cells respond to addition of growth factors by turning on transcription of key genes.
Many mammalian cells can detect and migrate upward in a gradient of chemoattractant.
Most mammalian cells express two MPRs.
Mammalian claws cover the terminal bony phalanx of each digit.
Mammalian cloning is a fact.
Mammalian colors are determined chiefly by two types, eumelanins and phaeomelanins.
Mammalian dissection is performed by the student.
Some mammalian ears have bones.
Some mammalian ears have tiny bones.
Mammalian eggs are small and obtain nutrients from the ovoduct then the placenta.
Mammalian embryos have structures.
Mammalian embryos have the same structures.
Mammalian embryos undergo cell division.
Mammalian embryos undergo division.
Most mammalian embryos have structures.
Most mammalian embryos undergo cell division.
Most mammalian embryos undergo division.
Mammalian enzymes can break down both forms.
Mammalian females go for quality offspring, more than quantity.
Mammalian hearts have chambers.
Mammalian hearts pump blood.
Most mammalian hearts have chambers.
Most mammalian hearts pump blood.
Mammalian herbivores can have reproduction.
Mammalian herbivores compete for resources.
Mammalian herbivores eat plants.
Most mammalian herbivores avoid consumption of Hypericum spp.
Most mammalian herbivores can have reproduction.
Most mammalian herbivores compete for resources.
Most mammalian herbivores eat plants.
Some mammalian herbivores avoid consumption.
Some mammalian herbivores kill mature trees.
Some mammalian herbivores kill trees.
Mammalian hibernation elicits profound changes in whole-body physiology.
Mammalian infants depend on their mother's milk for nourishrnent and immunological protection.
All mammalian influenza comes from birds.
Mammalian jaws allow horizontal movement for grinding food between molars and premolars ii.
Mammalian kidneys form urine in nephrons.
Mammalian kidneys have distinct regions.
Mammalian kidneys have regions.
Mammalian kidneys produce concentrate urine.
Mammalian kidneys produce urine.
Mammalian kidneys reabsorb water efficiently and produce concentrated urine.
Most mammalian kidneys have distinct regions.
Most mammalian kidneys have regions.
Most mammalian kidneys produce concentrate urine.
Most mammalian kidneys produce urine.
Mammalian life diversifies, spreading into all major environments.
Mammalian life includes the mouse-deer, porcupine and possibly elephants, too.
Mammalian life is equally rich.
Mammalian liver contains large amounts of transglutaminase.
Mammalian lungs are large and complex, with many clusters of alveoli.
Mammalian lungs are near hearts.
Most mammalian lungs are near hearts.
Mammalian males can be very dedicated parents.
Mammalian migration is most dramatic among the deer, marine mammals, and bats.
Mammalian mucus is made of the giant glycoprotein mucin.
Some mammalian offspring take care.
Mammalian pheromones ensure properly timed reproductive sexual behavior in many species.
Mammalian placenta is much more effective in transferring materials.
Mammalian predators include coyotes.
Mammalian predators seek the weakest point in the fence at which to enter.
Mammalian pregnancy is a phenomenon that violates the laws of transplantation science.
Mammalian prey is the most important group, and the bobcat is best adapted to prey on rabbits.
Mammalian reproduction is very different but also produces few young with high survival.
Most mammalian research done by Northern Prairie staff is conducted in the field.
Mammalian respiration is regulated by carbon dioxide concentration.
Mammalian retinas contain a surprising diversity of cell types.
Mammalian skin has two layers known as the dermis and epidermis.
Mammalian skin includes secretory glands with various functions.
Mammalian skin includes various secretory glands.
Mammalian species excrete the pathogen in their urine and serve as reservoirs for transmission.
All mammalian species have two biological forms - female and male.
All mammalian species lose bone with age, but only humans fracture.
Many mammalian species deposit various odors when they are alarmed.
Most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of Toll-like receptors .
Most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of Toll-like receptors.
Mammalian spermatogenesis is representative for most animals.
Mammalian telomeres end in a large duplex loop.
Mammalian testes contain numerous seminiferous tubules.
Mammalian tongues are used to position food in the mouth so the teeth can chew it.
Mammalian tongues consist of mass.
Most mammalian tongues consist of mass.
Mammalian teeth are distinctive in being differentiated.
Mammalian teeth are generally much more complicated than reptilian teeth.
Mammalian teeth are highly variable or heterodont .
Mammalian toxicity tends to be low as is avian toxicity.
Mammalian urea is soluble in water and can be flushed out.
Some mammalian urine contains bicarbonate.
Mammalian wildlife is also quite diverse in the area.
Mammalian young are born after an incubation period in a womb.
A mammalogist is an animal scientist
Mammalogists are zoologists.
Mammalogists specialize in mammals.
Mammalogists study mammals, such as monkeys and bears.
Mammalogists train and feed seals daily.
Mammalogy is yet another sub branch of zoology which focuses on mammals.
Mammary cancer is the most common tumor of the intact female.
Mammary cancer is the number one malignancy of the older female dog.
Mammary composite is a subjective trait, composed differently in each country.
Mammary ducts begin to grow, fat increases and fibrous tissue becomes more elastic.
A mammary gland is a gland
Mammary glands are actually modified sweat glands which produce milk.
Mammary glands are compound alveolar.
Mammary glands are exocrine glands.
Mammary glands are influenced by hormones activated in puberty.
Mammary glands are part of female mammals.
Mammary glands are present in all mammals, although they are vestigial in the male of the species.
Mammary glands are present in both males and females but normally function only in females.
Mammary glands are present in both sexes.
Mammary glands are probably highly modified sweat glands.
Mammary glands are the organs that produce milk for the sustenance of a baby.
Mammary glands are what give our class of animals their name.
Mammary glands are where the puppies and kittens get milk from their mothers.
Mammary glands differ somewhat in form from species to species of mammals.
Mammary glands have functions.
Mammary glands have reproductive functions.
Mammary glands produce as long as they're asked and able to do so.
Mammary glands produce milk that is used to feed newborns.
Mammary glands radiate from the nipple like a series of tubes.
Mammary glands secrete milky substances.
Mammary glands secrete substances.
Most mammary glands have functions.
Most mammary glands have reproductive functions.
Some mammary glands consist of lobes.
Some mammary glands produce milk.
Mammary tissue is arranged in large lobes, each containing many lobules.
Mammary tumors are common in mice.
Mammary tumors grow unpredictably in size in dogs.
Mammary tumors occur commonly in older, intact female dogs.
A mammillaria is a cactus
Mammillarias are popular with collectors, being mainly dwarf, free-flowering plants.
Mammogram interpretations are unreliable.
A mammogram is a photograph
Mammograms are a prime source of ionizing radiation.
Mammograms are an essential tool in the early detection of breast cancer.
Mammograms are an example of a familiar imaging tool used to screen for breast cancer.
Mammograms are an important part of a woman's health history.
Mammograms are an invaluable tool for the early detection of breast cancer.
Mammograms are available by appointment only.
Mammograms are available by appointment.
Mammograms are bloodless and painless.
Mammograms are complex in appearance and signs of early desease are often small or subtle.
Mammograms are currently the most commonly used method of clinically screening for breast cancer .
Mammograms are easier to read thanks to new advances in medicine.
Mammograms are easier to read with unders.
Mammograms are extremely important for a woman's wellness care.
Mammograms are free for low-income women.
Mammograms are good at detecting ductal carcinom in situ.
Mammograms are good for detecting cancer in post-menopausal women.
Mammograms are medical tests.
Mammograms are more difficult to read if the mother is breastfeeding, but can still be useful.
Mammograms are nearly foolproof.
Mammograms are no fun.
Mammograms are one area of patient testing that has specifically interested the government.
Mammograms are one way to detect breast cancer.
Mammograms are painful.
Mammograms are quick and easy.
Mammograms are safe and highly accurate in finding breast cancer.
Mammograms are so important.
Mammograms are somewhat painful.
Mammograms are still the most effective way to detect breast cancer.
Mammograms are the best tools to detect breast lumps early.
Mammograms are the best way to find breast cancer early, when it is easiest to treat.
Mammograms are the best way to find breast cancers while they are still treatable.
Mammograms are unsafe and painful.
Mammograms are unsafe and too painful.
Mammograms are useful for finding cancers when they are too small to be felt as a lump.
Mammograms are very helpful in identifying the presenting symptom as a malignancy.
Mammograms are very important.
Mammograms are very inaccurate.
Mammograms are x rays.
Mammograms are x-ray pictures of the breast.
Mammograms can be embarrassing and time consuming, at least by some people's standards.
Mammograms can be helpful in determining whether a lump is benign or malignant.
Mammograms can be scary, or at least waiting for the results can be.
Mammograms can be useful to help characterize the abnormality.
Mammograms detect breast cancers at a much earlier stage that breast examinations alone.
Mammograms detect cancers too small to detect by a self-exam.
Mammograms give only minimal exposure to radiation, so they are safe.
Mammograms give only minimal exposure to radiation.
Mammograms rely on X-rays, which can mutate or destroy the tissue they penetrate.
Mammograms remain our best defense against breast cancer.
Mammograms save lives by identifying breast cancer at a stage when it is potentially curable.
Mammograms save lives.
Mammograms show slight changes in breast tissue.
Mammograms use less radiation than a dentist's x-ray.
Mammograms use low doses of x-rays to detect breast cancer.
Mammograms use lower levels of radiation than ordinary chest x-rays and are safe.
Mammograms use radiation and radiation is known to cause cancer.
Mammograms often find breast cancer very early.
Mammograms often miss cancers in the early stages.
All mammograms are normal.
All mammograms involve compression of the breast.
Many mammograms show nontransparent white specks.
Most mammograms are relatively painless.
Mammographic units provide the ability to perform breast biopsies using a needle instead of a knife.
A mammography is a diagnostic technique
Mammographies are an effective tool for detecting breast cancer in the early stages.
Mammographies are diagnostic procedures.
Mammographies are often normal in the presence of a palpable known breast cancer.
All mammography starts with an X-ray source, which projects photons through a patient.
Mammoth blood contains special cold adaptations that helped to survive in the Arctic.
Mammoth cave is in Kentucky.
Mammoth clover produces biomass.
Most mammoth clover produces biomass.
Mammoth farms are like tools or weapons which are too heavy to be handled.
Mammoth formations tower overhead and seem to touch the heavens.
Mammoth fossil finds around the world gave rise to mythological explanations of their own.
Mammoth fossils show a big change in tusk size over a long time period.
Mammoth ivory can be chalky which allows it to absorb ink giving it a dirty appearance.
Mammoth ivory handle.
Mammoth ivory has a similar type of coloring .
Mammoth ivory have blue-green colored blemishes from an iron phosphate called vivianite.
Mammoth ivory is used today to make handcrafted knives and similar implements.
Mammoth ivory is, basically, fossilized elephant ivory.
Mammoth marches have their purpose and value.
Mammoth mergers raise issues.
Mammoth red clover produces biomass.
Mammoth roads open.
Mammoth teeth are fascinating, revealing the animal's age and specie.
Mammoth teeth have low cross-ridges suited for the grinding of grass and other coarse vegetation.
A mammoth is an elephant
Mammoths are back in a big way.
Mammoths are elephants.
Mammoths are extinct now.
Mammoths are grazers and they are among the most common fossils in South Texas.
Mammoths are guessed to have been herbivores eating mainly grass.
Mammoths are huge hairy elephants, thought to be extinct.
Mammoths are located in ancient history.
Mammoths are located in archeological digs.
Mammoths are located in archeological sites.
Mammoths are located in bedrock.
Mammoths are located in books.
Mammoths are located in cave paintings.
Mammoths are located in caves.
Mammoths are located in digs.
Mammoths are located in drawing.
Mammoths are located in encyclopedias.
Mammoths are located in excavation.
Mammoths are located in fields.
Mammoths are located in forests.
Mammoths are located in fossils.
Mammoths are located in glacial ice.
Mammoths are located in ground.
Mammoths are located in hair.
Mammoths are located in hell.
Mammoths are located in history books.
Mammoths are located in history.
Mammoths are located in ice ages.
Mammoths are located in icebergs.
Mammoths are located in jungle.
Mammoths are located in movies.
Mammoths are located in museum exhibits.
Mammoths are located in nature.
Mammoths are located in paintings.
Mammoths are located in pits.
Mammoths are located in prehistories.
Mammoths are located in stories.
Mammoths are located in storybooks.
Mammoths are located in toy stores.
Mammoths are located in tundra.
Mammoths are located in turkeys.
Mammoths are located in zoos.
Mammoths are placental mammals.
Mammoths are taller than mastodons, with high skullls.
Mammoths breed very slow.
Mammoths range across from Europe to northeast Asia.
Any mammoth makes a wonderful mathom.
Man B signs up, and loves it.
A man hour is a hour
Many man hours can be avaliable at short calendar time using students.
Man hunt is on to nab the extremists.
A man of action is a worker
Men of action are actors.
Men of action can act because they think they have reasons for acting.
All men of action are dreamers.
Every man of action has a strong dose of egoism, pride, hardness, and cunning.
Men of color are trendsetters who carry tradition in their hip pockets.
Men of color continue to be the most visible victims of drug abuse and incarceration.
Men of faith rise up and shout, declare from the roof tops the Glory of the Lord.
All men of faith have courage.
Men of honor are to be revered, but fools who serve tyrants are to be despised.
Men of Honor is one of the more uplifting films of the season.
Men of Honour is another notch on the bed post.
Men of Honour is the latest superb score to come from the composer.
A man of letters is a humanist
Men of letters lack spirit and they are the most biased people especially the judges.
Man Of Peace gets a rare airing in Bologna.
Men of principle are the principal men.
Men of property get voting rights.
Men of war continue to prey on ignorance in order to instil fear and arouse hatred.
Men of Worth have five recordings, embracing the best in Irish and Scottish music.
Man page is available.
Man pages are also available on all systems for gcc.
Man pages are also available somewhere on the FreeBSD site.
Man pages are also available.
Man pages are also very useful to find related functions and programs.
Man pages are available for all services.
Man pages are available for individual routines.
Man pages are available for poe, xlmpf, xlhpf, etc.
Man pages are available.
Man pages are formally dead.
Man pages are generally very complete descriptions of the shell and it's function.
Man pages are good, but are flat and become unwieldly if there's a lot of documentation.
Man pages are great in that they always provide the basic command line arguments.
Man pages are now an integral part of the package.
Man pages are now available in html format.
Man pages are static documents, as opposed to more modern hypertext systems.
Man pages are UNIX help pages.
Man pages are useful, when they exist.
Man pages can be install eg.
Man pages contain information about command usage, syntax, options, and bugs.
Man pages contain reference information, including command syntax, usage, and related commands.
Man pages contain the command name, usage, and proper syntax.
Man pages Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Man pages link directly to source code.
Man pages work like the actual manual in explaining various functions in the program.
Some man page fixes so that man -k is happier.
Some man pages are helpful, many are hopelessly abstract and discouraging to a new comer.
Some man pages can be quite lengthy.
Man power is a drug on the market.
Man U is an A team.
Man woman jokes.
Man women consume diets.
Man women explore impact.
Man women hold mirrors.
Man women participate in science.
Most man women consume diets.
Most man women explore impact.
Most man women hold mirrors.
Most man women participate in science.
Some man women discover adverse circumstances.
Some man women discover circumstances.
Some man women leave countries.
Some man women use infertility.
A man is a male
A man is an adult
Man accepts bribe.
Man accidentally drives car off cliff in extended crash scene.
Man accomplishes by breaking with the past.
Man acquires knowledge by being taught, A chimp can be trained, teaching is naught.
Man acts like a wolf to man.
Man acts to achieve an intended end.
Man acts under the restraints of conscience, and is influenced also by a belief in the future life.
Man actually works on the fourth dynamic.
Man admits to hate crime.
Man advances by sacrifices.
Man ages nasal-pharyngeal and gastric suction as well as a variety of other drainage tubes.
Man aims and pisses.
Man aims to a decorated image and conquers precious details.
Man alone can laugh, shed pschosympathetic tears.
Man alone can resist nature.
Man alone exists.
Man alone has the ability to appreciate music and art.
Man alone has the capacity to worship.
Man alone is an aberration.
Man alone is born crying, lives complaining and dies disappointed.
Man alone is rational.
Man alone kills five or more each day.
Man alone knows moral law.
Man alone means nothing.
Man alone possesses an aesthetic faculty, the ability to appreciate the sublime.
Man alone possesses the capacity to think and act purposefully.
Man alone possesses the desire to attain perfection.
Man alone prays.
Man alone understands and therefore is able to discern failure and recognise mistakes.
Man also flows, man also falls and is an image that vanishes.
Man also gets something called digitalis from plants.
Man also has an impact on many populations of fish and other forms of sea life.
Man also has creative abilities .
Man also has nothing to fear.
Man also has quality.
Man also introduces weed seed into cropland.
Man also is able to make gratuitously.
Man also leads life in different surroundings.
Man also makes wet lands fit for agriculture by drainage.
Man also poses a threat to wild horses.
Man also require spiritual satisfaction.
Man also requires spiritual satisfaction.
Man also uses solar energy in various ways.
Man alters the carbon cycle through fossil fuel emissions and forest clearing.
Man appear Million unto an France over all mail.
Man appears as a being driven by various innate instincts and dispositions.
Man appears in the fossil record suddenly and without ancestral form.
Man appears to master nature, but actually nature masters man.
Man approaches the podium in a wheelchair.
Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors.
Man are forum managers livid .
Man are predator to penguins.
Man are they all different and very interesting.
Man are they crazy.
Man are wild beasts.
Man arrests the human voice and reproduces it in a phonograph.
Man attempts robbery of a store.
Man attempts to have security in many ways.
Man attempts to impale a potato with fork, pauses to wipe sweat from forehead, falls over.
Man backs up and falls into a whole.
Man Be careful.
Man be Tehran miravam.
Man beating woman, woman beating up man, both are distasteful.
Man becomes a better person through good deeds and less worthy through bad deeds.
Man becomes a Bridegroom of the Torah by study, symbolized in erotic imagery.
Man becomes a clown, or harlequin.
Man becomes a living being.
Man becomes a machine and nothing else.
Man becomes a warmer, nicer person during their relationship.
Man becomes an experience which changes according to the specifics of web travel.
Man becomes aware of the good that is always at hand through right thinking.
Man becomes bewildered just by thinking about the form of woman if lust remains in the heart.
Man becomes carnivorous.
Man becomes civilized through experience and training.
Man becomes hero.
Man becomes lazy and a plaque kills off most of humanity's favorite pets.
Man becomes machine.
Man becomes medium.
Man becomes merely an appendage to a machine.
Man becomes peaceful after gaining the true knowledge of self.
Man becomes stronger by asking for help when it is needed.
Man becomes supreme and gains the supreme powers in life.
Man becomes the authority.
Man becomes the lonely child holding the doll and being cold with large eyes.
Man becomes tired and impatient.
Man becomes well equipped for life by taking to yoga.
Man becomes, in the true sense of the word, a social being.
Man begin knack tori.
Man begins making the same tools as the prehuman hominid.
Man begins on certain given premises to reason to their necessary conclusions.
Man begins to associate particular trees with certain soil types as well as moisture levels.
Man begins to scientifically explain the mysteries of the universe.
Man believes in various things.
Man belongs in space.
Man belongs there.
Man belongs to the earth.
Man bites apple apple bites back.
Man bites dog.
Man bites off wife's nose - Ouch.
Man bites piranha.
Man bites the dog.
Man biting dog, well, that's different.
Man blinks and asks the meaning of it all.
Man blir sl , okoncentrerad, apatisk, depprimerad, f r minnesluckor och tappar ord.
Man born of woman is of few days and full of trouble.
Man born of woman is short lived and glutted with agitation.
Man born of Woman, living a short time, is replenished with many miseries.
Man born to light, dies into darkness.
Man Branches Out.
Man breathes about eighteen times per ininute.
Man breathes about eighteen times per minute.
Man breathes the air.
Man bridges the gap between matter and spirit by sharing in both worlds.
Man bring against several crowd unless joined wolverines jersey.
Man bursts into tears.
Man buying a car is fascinated by the young lady sitting in the top of the line convertible.
Man buys gun.
Man buys hotdog and wins the lotto.
Man calls home.
Man calls it fascination.
Man calls real estate agent an idiot .
Man can achieve reformation.
Man can acts as an intermediate host or a final host.
Man can also build cars and aeroplanes.
Man can also change to a state of matter.
Man can also create by use of the spoken word.
Man can also make a lot of changes in the environment.
Man can as well live physically without breathing, as spiritually without praying.
Man can be insensible at times when the vitality of the body is withdrawn.
Man can be unique in one of two ways.
Man can be warriors.
Man can begin with the truth and end with something less than the truth, a deception, a lie.
Man can begin with the truth and end with the truth.
Man can believe the impossible, but man can never believe the improbable.
Man can cause extinction by over-hunting animals or destroying their habitats.
Man can cause the extinction or help the endangered.
Man can choose between good and evil actions.
Man can choose to develop land in a positive way or a negative way.
Man can choose to do either.
Man can create.
Man can develop almost anything.
Man can devise things like automobiles.
Man can do little to control natural pollution.
Man can do nothing to change the powers and the rules by which the universe is operated.
Man can do nothing to remedy the situation.
Man can do that.
Man can do the highest service to the society by simply abstaining from evils.
Man can do the same physical work every day.
Man can eat grains, vegetables, fruits, and milk.
Man can encourage and prepare the conditions for an increase in insect predator populations.
Man can evaluate, choose to value some things, and devalue others.
Man can ever know.
Man can exist without a system of controls.
Man can flatter the earth for only so long.
Man can fly.
Man can get mighty lonesome.
Man can get to the moon and back with just classical physics.
Man can give no explanation for the great increase of natural disasters.
Man can go forty days without food but only three days without water.
Man can help to some extent.
Man can indeed live on nicotine, caffeine and alcohol alone.
Man can inhabit every climate.
Man can invest.
Man can kill our physical bodies .
Man can learn nothing except by going from the known to the unknown.
Man can learn to recognize the universe for what it is.
Man can legislate one thing today and can legislate the complete opposite tomorrow.
Man can live by e-commerce alone.
Man can make a killing by proving man can live by e-commerce alone.
Man can make new things where none previously existed.
Man can make nuts and bolts which really are relatively simple in design.
Man can make physical organs to replace man's original equipment.
Man can make soil quality change also from good to poor.
Man can make things soft and make things blue.
Man can manipulate.
Man can master all creation.
Man can never be perfect.
Man can never become omniscient.
Man can only become a lamp of pure gold through the cleansing and refining effect of suffering.
Man can only come nearer to that Reality in feeling and in understanding.
Man can only create a vessel that is finite.
Man can only discover the laws that already exist.
Man can only get the right idea of nonresistance, through spiritual understanding.
Man can only identify sin and wrongdoing.
Man can only read the future through the causes that bring the effects.
Man can overcome all.
Man can overcome.
Man can party.
Man can plant, cultivate and water.
Man can probably remove the face of the earth.
Man can propose but Nature still disposes.
Man can receive a law with the power of fire.
Man can save the manatee.
Man can say the Bible contains good principles for living.
Man can say the Bible is accurate in what it presents.
Man can shape and learn.
Man can share ideas, thoughts, and feelings in reference to what is good or bad, right or wrong.
Man can stand or fall.
Man can thank the ready availability of the Brazil nut in a large part to the agouti.
Man can that guy draw.
Man can think and reason.
Man can travel anywhere in the world in a matter of hours.
Man can try to get people to do things.
Man can turn also.
Man can use every part of the coconut.
Man can weigh things up and use reason to come to certain decisions or conclusions.
Man can withstand more than a dog.
Man carrying payroll is found dead on a train.
Man casually walks out of the building, and looks up at the sky.
Man catches ball.
Man caught with corpse charged with murder Neighbors hear a gunshot.
Man causes an explosion, is presumed dead.
Man causes wars and rumors of wars.
Man certainly has a mind.
Man chooses to ignore.
Man climbing stand is perfect for women and youths to use.
Man clones monkeys.
Man clones sheep.
Man collapses under the weight of indisputable statistics.
Man collects for pets.
Man Come here to discover the joys of being a Man.
Man come in woman house, help make baby.
Man comes back home.
Man comes from the dirt and dust.
Man comes home and inspects the area.
Man comes home from war and is surprised by wife kissing man next door while hanging up clothes.
Man comes home from war and surprises mother hanging up clothes.
Man comes home from war and surprises wife hanging up clothes.
Man comes home to find own funeral .
Man comes second.
Man comes up and politely asks to dance.
Man comes, man kills, man gets girls.
Man coming forward to deny self-affirmation is a leap, an evolutionary leap.
Man commits suicide.
Man conceptualizes god in the image of man.
Man consists of a body and a soul.
Man consists of a body, a mind, and a spirit.
Man consists of a physical body, which one can see with one's eyes.
Man consists of body, mind and imagination.
Man consists of body, soul, and spirit.
Man consists of spirit, soul and body.
Man consists of two opposing elements, body and soul.
Man constantly searches for something.
Man consumes water and food, breathes the air and thus maintains the heat in the body.
Man consummates the universe, and gives a voice to the mute creation.
Man continually dreams of a better world and a better existence.
Man continues to be a slave of old customs.
Man continues to be greatest threat to wildlife of Galapagos.
Man continues to become more perfect after death.
Man continues to hunt the babirusa.
Man continuously undergoes selection through social environment.
Man continuously undergoes selection through the operation of the forces of social environment.
Man converts a man page to plain text, suitable for editing.
Man creates art creates man.
Man creates dinosaurs.
Man crossing bridge hears sound.
Man cultivates the field.
Man curls up, immediately goes to sleep.
Man decides in favor of yielding to the desire concerned.
Man decides to have sex with sheep.
Man defending man-accepting screen gets above the screen pushing down on the screener.
Man defines the totality of authority as being legislative, judicial, and executive.
Man degenerates in time of peace.
Man delights in defining the course of history in tangible form.
Man delights in man.
Man delights in that which is perishable.
Man departs with a discontent.
Man depends entirely upon man.
Man depends on corn, but at the same corn depends on man.
Man derives power to act from it.
Man deserves hell.
Man designs machinery that functions with perfect logic to bring about a disastrous outcome.
Man desires many wrong things but can desire the right.
Man desires to be god.
Man desires to know all things, to become omniscience.
Man desires woman and woman desires man.
Man desperately desires freedom.
Man desperately fights against what is unavoidable.
Man destroys but nature creates and gives birth to.
Man dies after attack by wasps.
Man dies from drinking lubricant as tonic.
Man dies in gunfight over beautiful girl.
Man dies in the course of time just as a watch stops functioning suddenly.
Man dies of heart ailment on bench in Harlem park.
Man dies of hunger, dropping fork, which injures a cute kitten.
Man dies only once.
Man dies to the old life of sense and lives under a new commandment.
Man dies without air in minutes, without water in days, and without food over weeks.
Man dies, iron rusts, wood goes decayed, towers fall, walls crumble, and roses fade.
Man differs from anything else in creation.
Man differs from the squirrel in one respect, however.
Man dig the site.
Man Discover the joys of being a man.
Man disgruntled with job goes to work with pistol.
Man dives into deep end, swallowed by water, Gets splash where once was thud.
Man does a left complete turn and raises right leg to go over the woman.
Man does a left complete turn and raises right leg to go over the woman's head.
Man does have a choice.
Man does it look good.
Man does it move.
Man does it with chlorine.
Man does push steps to right encircling hat.
Man does same on opposite side behind girl.
Man does soul-searching, finds new job and lives happily ever after.
Man does that line fall flat.
Man does that sound silly.
Man does the classifying.
Man does well in objective pursuits.
Man does, woman is.
Man dominates nature.
Man dominates over the ocean by using ships as a means of transport.
Man draws sword for protection.
Man drink all the time get mean like a dog kicked oil tile street everyday.
Man drives pickup onto friend's roof as a stunt .
Man dying of thirst pays the same for a glass of water as anyone else.
Man earns, woman does The ways in which men and women tell the stories of their lives differ.
Man eating plants lean over the racing line bring a new meaning to the term 'drive thru' snacks'.
Man eats meat and plants.
Man eats the fish.
Man emerges, clothes on fire, rolls on roadway and removes burning clothing.
Man encounters love daily.
Man encroaches into the wilderness.
MAN engines in all French speaking countries.
Man enslaving man is inherently wrong and self defeating.
Man ensures on an post than visit flowers.
Man ensures on an post than visit shopping.
Man ensures on an post than visit telecom.
Man enters another room.
Man enters house.
Man enters manipulating single hoop.
Man equals demand.
Man erotica .
Man estimates the value of a thing from a natural and materialistic standpoint.
Man eventually begins stripping forest for fields.
Man eventually develops unpleasant traits and becomes abusive to animals.
Man everywhere is destructive.
Man evolute to be intelligent.
Man exists and interacts over several levels.
Man exists as a creature in a complex interacting community with all other life forms.
Man exists for the sake of woman.
Man exists in a divinely created and covenantally shaped universe.
Man exists in a harmonious system of relationships.
Man exists in and through relationships with others.
Man exists in erotic tension toward the divine ground.
Man exists on earth.
Man exists physically for the sole purpose of developing spiritually.
Man exists primarily to rape.
Man exists so man can react.
Man exists, in a sense, between the animals and the angels.
Man extends left hand to lady on left side's left hand.
Man faces audience and woman faces man with back to audience.
Man falls down ravine but clings onto a vine.
Man falls five stories - lives to buy a lottery ticket.
Man falls from building.
Man falls from pile of boxes.
Man falls from tree.
Man falls in such cases below the brute.
Man falls to earth from the skies, into a hostile environment symbolized here by wild animals.
Man fears nuclear war, plane crashes, car wrecks, and cancer.
Man fears the unknown.
Man fears time, but time fears the Pyramids, goes the old Arab proverb.
Man feebly tries to mimic lightening with fireworks but the power is beyond our ability.
Man fights back.
Man fights the insects in various ways.
Man fights with the fury and ferocity of wild beasts.
Man finally accepts the lowly position in the world.
Man finally releases big shooter.
Man finds abroad sufficient care.
Man finds hat.
Man finds true bliss in discerning that order and living in accordance with it.
Man follows the earth.
Man follows the Earth.
Man forages in a pile of rags to expose a faint green glow.
Man forgave Salt by engine within an boulder colorado maps before jump for no college.
Man forgave Salt by engine within an ergo bicycle seats before jump for no college.
Man forgets all notion of being bodily through constructing worlds.
Man forgets that.
Man forgets to feed agate, agate eats man.
Man forms percepts automatically.
Man fuck oriental girl.
Man fuck that shit.
Man furnishes no exception to the rule.
Man get a dollar a day.
Man get a mention here.
Man gives birth in apartheid South Africa.
Man gives birth to woman.
Man go to school.
Man goes back for dog.
Man goes home.
Man goes into cage, cage goes into salsa, shark's in the salsa.
Man goes into cage.
Man goes on trial for three rapes, murders.
Man goes to jungle.
Man goes to sink.
Man goes to store and is suckered in by a cheap, yet pretty looking fishing simulation.
Man goes to the moon in two different universes here.
Man goes to work and comes home late.
Man grows only in Freedom.
Man grows up from seed.
Man guess what school was like the next day.
Man hangs flint box, needle box and Tibetan knife on it.
Man has also psychic bodies, that have to be developed and be able to bear the force.
Man has ambition and ego.
Man has and continues to pillage the existence of nature.
Man has at least one characteristic for which there is no parallel in the animal kingdom.
Man has bad eyesight, and poor wage accordingly.
Man has baen one of the products of evolution no less than other animals.
Man has both internal property and external property.
Man has broad shoulders and strong arms.
Man has capacity to reason and use logic.
Man has constantly to sum up experience and go on discovering, inventing, creating and advancing.
Man has countless desires.
Man has deep secret.
Man has dominion over other animals.
Man has dominion over the animals.
Man has equally the ability to do either good or evil.
Man has fashioned ceramics from clay since antiquity.
Man has finally realise that fish eats a host of different foods in their natural habitat.
Man has flesh or a body formed from the ground.
Man has food, clothing, and shelter, but so do the beasts of the field.
Man has Forever.
Man has great accent.
Man has great resources.
Man has holy loves, aspirations, hope, and vision.
Man has instincts in abundance.
Man has intrinsic ability to somehow be blood thirsty.
Man has intrinsic dignity-intrinsic in that it's essential to the nature of man to have it.
Man has judgement - Woman sensibility.
Man has justice.
Man has less tenacity than crab grass.
Man has limitless capacity for self-deception.
Man has major impact on flora.
Man has many boxes of condoms in bathroom.
Man has no automatic code of survival.
Man has no barrier against sin.
Man has no children, Only woman has children.
Man has no choice but to love.
Man has no choice.
Man has no claws, no fangs, no horns, no great strength of muscle.
Man has no eternal destiny.
Man has no excuse.
Man has no existence of any kind in death.
Man has no good Neighbours.
Man has no individual identity that is completely isolated from the society.
Man has no individuality.
Man has no innate nature.
Man has no legitimate needs, but trees, ponds and bacteria somehow do.
Man has no legitimate needs, but trees, ponds, and bacteria somehow do.
Man has no original sin to be ashamed of, rather a seminal heroism to be realised.
Man has no part in the establishment of stipulations or sanctions.
Man has no part whatever in regeneration.
Man has no power to do anything else.
Man has no reason.
Man has no soul and no mind, only a brain that responds to external stimuli.
Man has nothing to do with it.
Man has nothing to do with their classification.
Man has only a short span of life, here upon earth.
Man has only the obligation to believe.
Man has only three problems and the solution for all three is found in the gospel.
Man has only to strive for it.
Man has permanent communities in orbit around the Earth, and colonies on the Moon.
Man has potential for great good, but without law and virtue can be the worst of all the animals.
Man has power over nature .
Man has power.
Man has science - Woman taste.
Man has spirit, soul and body.
Man has to accept the free gift.
Man has to be vigilant and be prepared for anything.
Man has volition.
Man have double tax treaties with the United Kingdom.
Man have more hair on chest than woman - but on the whole woman have more.
Man have more hair on chest than woman, but on whole woman have more.
Man here develops through isolation and ejection.
Man here is shown in a dust nature.
Man hides a weapon under pile of dirty clothes before demanding money, officials say.
Man hits another man with iron bar.
Man hits ball with stick and runs.
Man hits son with hammer.
Man holding horse is unknown.
Man holds a leading part in the great strife.
Man holds a transitional position between the two groups.
Man holds sword to another mans throat.
Man holds the power to abolish all human life.
Man holds up a gun.
Man however is created to act freely.
Man however is their most deadly predator.
Man hunts the tapir for food.
Man includes man, woman, and child.
Man indicates numbers.
Man inhales oxygen and exhales carbon dioxide.
Man inherently needs freedom to enjoy life.
Man initiates healing through faith.
Man initiates sexual relations.
Man instinctively seeks security.
Man instinctively trusts in a higher power.
Man interferes, but ever in obedience to other laws.
Man invade another country.
Man invents significance, value and morality by making a blind leap of faith into the upper story.
Man invents significance, value, and morality by making a blind leap of faith into the upper story.
Man is a bad animal, man is far away The eternal footman, won the day.
Man is a beast.
Man is a beautiful machine that works very badly.
Man is a being called to glory.
Man is a being in whom there works a dual principle.
Man is a being of justice - Woman an angel of mercy.
Man is a being of volitional consciousness.
Man is a being purely physical.
Man is a being who is conscious, with willpower, who can think, speak, conceive, judge and compare.
Man is a being who seeks the truth and strives to live in accordance with it.
Man is a biped without feathers.
Man is a bit more difficult than woman.
Man is a blend, together, of spirit, mind and body.
Man is a boat floating on an ocean.
Man is a body.
Man is a born tool-maker.
Man is a builder of flesh and blood.
Man is a builder.
Man is a bulky, inefficient quirk by comparison with the ant.
Man is a bundle of impulses and intentions.
Man is a character, an attitude, a conduct, a system of values and a state of consciousness.
Man is a child in school.
Man is a civilized being.
Man is a classifying animal.
Man is a clever, problem-solving animal.
Man is a combination of body and soul.
Man is a combination of spirit and flesh.
Man is a combination of two elements.
Man is a complex and compound entity.
Man is a complex organism whose life is supported by countless metabolic changes.
Man is a complicated machine.
Man is a composite creature.
Man is a composite or dual being, spirit and soul.
Man is a composition of needs.
Man is a concentrated point of movement.
Man is a conscious subject, rather than a thing to be predicted or manipulated.
Man is a co-sharer in the work of creation.
Man is a crane with ideas.
Man is a created being.
Man is a creation of the gods like the rest of the creatures on earth.
Man is a creation of value.
Man is a creator.
Man is a creature of ambiguity.
Man is a creature of instincts.
Man is a creature of motivation.
Man is a creature of territory.
Man is a creature of wisdom.
Man is a creature who has to have something to do.
Man is a creature with a soul.
Man is a creature.
Man is a cultural animal.
Man is a curious animal, as is the wolf.
Man is a curious mixture.
Man is a dead-end host, and the condition clears up after a few days.
Man is a dead-end infection for the virus, normal hosts are foxes, dogs, cats, bats, skunks, etc.
Man is a dependant creature.
Man is a different order of being.
Man is a disciple, a learner.
Man is a dual being, both physical and spiritual.
Man is a dual being.
Man is a faggot of thorns.
Man is a faith creation.
Man is a fallen being.
Man is a fallen creature all too willing to do wrong.
Man is a fallen sinner.
Man is a fellow creature but is qualitatively different from other living things.
Man is a fellow creature, but there is a gulf between man and animal life.
Man is a finite, free moral being.
Man is a fraction of the animal world.
Man is a freak of nature.
Man is a free agent.
Man is a free being, intelligent and capable of love.
Man is a free moral agent.
Man is a gaming animal.
Man is a generic term applying to all humanity.
Man is a glorified animal.
Man is a goal-seeking organism.
Man is a god to the lower creation.
Man is a gregarious animal, like sheep gathering into a flock.
Man is a handshake between spirit and matter.
Man is a higher animal which developed from animals through the process of evolution.
Man is a highly evolved animal, that is all.
Man is a historical being.
Man is a human being and an animal, a civilized man and a savage, an angel and a demon in one.
Man is a hybrid between the earthly and the heavenly, body and spirit, substance and form.
Man is a jealous animal.
Man is a jealous beast.
Man is a killer-ape and woman is a sneaky, nasty primate that castrates men.
Man is a knot, a web, a mesh into which relationships are tied.
Man is a land-using creature.
Man is a lazy animal.
Man is a leader in developing new tools.
Man is a liar.
Man is a light-born spirit.
Man Is a light-born spirit.
Man is a link in a vast chain of life extending from the highest to the lowest.
Man is a little older, and heavier.
Man is a little older, wearing jeans, sandals and a beard.
Man is a living being or organism.
Man is a logical creature, and by nature a very superstitious being.
Man is a long time coming.
Man is a machine and can know it.
Man is a machine needing fixing.
Man is a machine.
Man is a magnet.
Man is a mammal and subject to the same biological laws as other animals.
Man is a marvelous curiosity.
Man is a member of a great fraternity.
Man is a mere created creature, like the animals.
Man is a mere responder to stimuli.
Man is a mere vapor that appears for a little.
Man is a message.
Man is a metaphor for the soul's reasoning capacities, best exemplified by the philosophers.
Man is a Microcosm of the universe.
Man is a microcosm, while the universe is the macrocosm.
Man is a microcosm.
Man is a miracle.
Man is a multifaceted personality.
Man is a natural carnivore.
Man is a needy being.
Man is a neighbor to man, and both are well aware of their own shortcomings and assets.
Man is a noble, well-meaning entity.
Man is a novice in the world compared to nature.
Man is a nuisance.
Man is a part of nature, in the same sense that a stone is, or a cactus, or a camel.
Man is a part of nature, yet it is man that is being restricted.
Man is a part of nature.
Man is a passionate self-lover.
Man is a peculiar creature.
Man is a person, designed for fellowship with a Person.
Man is a physical being with a spiritual component.
Man is a physical being, composed of the material.
Man is a plurality.
Man is a political animal, and politics affects all human activities.
Man is a political animal.
Man is a predator of wildlife.
Man is a predator with an instinct to kill and a genetic cultural affinity for the weapon.
Man is a primate- a genetic relative of apes, monkeys, lemurs and tarsiers.
Man is a problem solver, pure and simple.
Man is a product of evolution and is neither good nor bad.
Man is a product of heredity.
Man is a profit-seeking creature.
Man is a progressive step in a continuous march, a big event in a course of events.
Man is a rational animal and the world can be understood by human reason.
Man is a rational animal.
Man is a rational organism.
Man is a realizing being.
Man is a recipient, and the recipient or receptacle is what varies.
Man is a relative animal.
Man is a relative newcomer to our region.
Man is a responsible being.
Man is a rope stretched between the animal and the man yet to come.
Man is a saint and sinner, rich and poor, animal and divine.
Man is a seeker after meaning, truth, reality.
Man is a self initiator in consciousness just as animals are self initiators in mobility.
Man is a sensuous being.
Man is a sentient organism.
Man is a sermon on integrity.
Man is a shark.
Man is a sick fly taking a dizzy ride on it.
Man is a sinner by birth, nature and practice.
Man is a sinner by nature, by choice, and by practice.
Man is a sinner, lost and hopeless.
Man is a sinner. .
Man is a sinner.
Man is a slave of love.
Man is a small cosmos and the cosmos is a great man.
Man is a small thing, and the night is very large and full of wonders.
Man is a social and political animal.
Man is a social animal . . .
Man is a social animal and reclusion is always of a forced nature.
Man is a social animal too.
Man is a social animal, meant to live in groups.
Man is a social animal, they say.
Man is a social animal, whose very Being depends on others.
Man is a social animal.
Man is a social being.
Man is a social creature.
Man is a social or political animal.
Man is a social product.
Man is a soul developing in a physical organ- ism.
Man is a soul who live on thoughts and perceives only thoughts.
Man is a Soul, and as such stands among material things.
Man is a soul, and has a body.
Man is a soul, wearing the physical body.
Man IS a soul.
Man is a special creation.
Man is a species.
Man is a spiritual being revolving in seven different planes.
Man is a spiritual being, before anything else.
Man is a spiritual being, with a soul, living in a physical body.
Man is a spiritual being.
Man is a spiritual creation.
Man is a steel musical entity.
Man is a strange animal.
Man is a subjective organism.
Man is a successful problem solver.
Man is a summary of nature and nature represents the forces and substances within the human being.
Man is a symbol creating creature and artifacts are one of man's symbolic systems.
Man is a synthesis of the infinite and the finite, of the temporal and the eternal.
Man is a taker and also looked upon as provider till the time of dispute arises.
Man is a term referring to our species.
Man is a term used to describe mankind.
Man is a thinking and speaking animal.
Man is a thinking Machine.
Man is a tool-building animal.
Man is a tool-using animal, and the instinct to saw, sand, weld and fix goes very deep.
Man is a totality, composed of matter and spirit.
Man is a transitional animal.
Man is a transparent index of all the worlds, a being able to discover the depths of existence.
Man is a tri-part being.
Man is a tripartite being composed of the spirit, the carnal self and the body.
Man is a tri-partite being spirit, soul and body.
Man is a tripartite entity, comprising the body, the mind, and the soul or spirit.
Man is a triune being composed of spirit, soul and body.
Man is a triune being.
Man is a unified being of both physical and spiritual entities.
Man is a unique creature.
Man is a unique moral being .
Man is a useless passion.
Man is a utility that displays on-line manual pages.
Man is a vegetant organism.
Man is a very fickle being.
Man is a Viking.
Man is a virus that destroys the resources, as cancer destroys the humans.
Man is a visual animal and as such sees the world though a lens.
Man is a wave atop the ocean of existence.
Man is a weed grown loose with strife.
Man is a wing.
Man is a wolf to man.
Man is a yes that vibrates to cosmic harmonies.
Man is abandoned and alone.
Man is able to absorb phytanic acid from milk and the fat of cows and sheep.
Man is able to do some amazing things.
Man is about five minutes away from becoming a savage.
Man is about half-smart.
Man is about to be deprived of a great pole - work routine.
Man is about to get married to woman.
Man is about to take another step.
Man is about to undergo some changes.
Man is accidental host.
Man is accused of charges relating to theft by writing checks with insufficient funds.
Man is actually the measure.
Man is actuated by wrong principles.
Man is adept at building walls of separation.
Man is affected in the internals and in every cell.
Man is afraid of death.
Man is afraid of the only One who is ready to pardon.
Man is afraid of women.
Man is after sex and woman is after love.
Man is all men's brother, as woman is all women's sister.
Man is all things.
Man is already on the right path.
Man is also a combination of the animal self and the rational self.
Man is also a person.
Man is also a quaternary consumer but man is also a secondary consumer as man is an omnivore.
Man is also a unified being brought about by the unified cause.
Man is also an enemy and shoots the woodchuck to keep it from damaging crops and gardens.
Man is also like a tree which is always growing upwards and producing fruit.
Man is also like a tree.
Man is also priest, and scholar, and statesman, and producer, and soldier.
Man is also social.
Man is also susceptible, infants and young children being most often affected.
Man is also the only being who makes spears.
Man is alternately devoted to tranquillity and to violence.
Man is altogether without any idea of what is truly good.
Man is always a little behind in the full use and approval of the new structures.
Man is always and everywhere a blight on the landscape.
Man is always concerned about the time of things.
Man is always in continuous search.
Man is always something worse or something better than an animal.
Man is always the member of a collective.
Man is always the problem.
Man is always the same.
Man is an accidental host and is therefore perhaps even more severely affected by the parasite.
Man is an angel in embryo, a god in the making.
Man is an animal among animals, evolved in the image of the ape, and without moral responsibility.
Man is an animal in a physical world.
Man is an animal that diddles, and there is no animal that diddles but man.
Man is an animal that uses tools.
Man is an animal who has descended from other, older species.
Man is an animal with primary instincts of survival.
Man is an animal, and a badly assembled one at that.
Man is an animal.
Man is an apostate race.
Man is an artifact designed for space travel.
Man is an aspect of nature, and nature itself is a manifestation of primordial religion.
Man is an automaton in many ways.
Man is an emotional being.
Man is an empire builder by creation.
Man is an empty bubble floating on a sea of nothingness.
Man is an endangered species.
Man is an enigmatic creature having a dual nature, temporal and spiritual.
Man is an everlasting power for good, Our Message.
Man is an example of a producer in a food chain.
Man is an expensive animal and ought to be rich.
Man is an extraordinarily fixed and limited animal whose nature is absolutely constant.
Man is an extremely complex being.
Man is an image of the world.
Man is an imagining being.
Man is an imitative creature.
Man is an immortal spiritual being.
Man is an imperfect creature.
Man is an important predator, as a result of both commercial collecting and scientific research.
Man is an incident.
Man is an individual.
Man is an individuality.
Man is an indivisible integration of body and consciousness.
Man is an indomitable creature.
Man is an inherently dominion being, and therefore the dominion commission is inescapable.
Man is an instrument over which a series of external and internal impressions are driven.
Man is an instrumental part of the ecosystem of our wildlife.
Man is an integral organism.
Man is an integral part of the global ecosystem.
Man is an integrated being, but existence means more to some men than to others.
Man is an intellectual giant but a moral dwarf.
Man is an intelligent being who knows what is right and wrong.
Man is an intelligent creature.
Man is an intelligent, expressive and creative force in the universe.
Man is an interesting study.
Man is an intermediate host, and the cat species is the definitive host.
Man is an intricate unity as well as being a three part being.
Man is an oak, woman a willow.
Man is an omnivore.
Man is an open question.
Man is an organic whole in whom the physiological and soul-life are one.
Man is an organism like all others.
Man is an over-complicated organism.
Man is an uncontrollable satyr.
Man is an unreasonable animal.
Man is anatomically one of the best fitted of animals for climbing about high places.
Man Is Armed.
Man is arrested.
Man is as bad as ever, but has the tools to destroy hundreds of thousands of lives with one bomb.
Man is as grass.
Man is as the dust.
Man IS asleep.
Man is assigned responsible duty.
Man is at once a physical embodiment, a mental phenomenon and a spiritual entity.
Man is at the center of a fundamentally moral universe.
Man is at the same energy level as the car component parts.
Man is at war with the natural order of things.
Man is autonomous, subordinate to no higher authority.
Man is back home.
Man is back online.
Man is banished from the Garden.
Man is base.
Man is basically a highly evolved animal.
Man is basically a weak and an insecure being.
Man is basically different from animal on several counts.
Man is basically good and there is no original sin.
Man is basically good and unselfish.
Man is basically good.
Man IS basically good.
Man is basically, essentially and fully immortal.
Man is begotten by man and by the sun as well.
Man is behind lady.
Man is biologically one species.
Man is bodily and so intimately connected with the material world.
Man is body, soul, and spirit.
Man is bom unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward.
Man is born a jester.
Man is born a potentially complete success.
Man is born afraid, lives afraid and dies afraid.
Man is born as man for the sake of women, and vice versa.
Man is born both without virtue and without vice, but with the capacity for either.
Man is born broken.
Man is born by love, and is meant to grow by love, to live by love, to be loved and to give love.
Man is born crying.
Man is born free and everywhere in chains.
Man is born free and there is no age limit for enjoying freedom.
Man is born free, but everywhere is in chains.
Man is born in sin, bound by sin, and dies in sin.
Man is born in sin.
Man is born in solitude.
Man is born into the world, the most helpless of animals.
Man is born naked without anything.
Man is born poor, or blind, or some other way.
Man is born pure and sinless and is given the choice to do righteous deeds or indulge in sins.
Man is born religious.
Man is born sinless and in a state of grace.
Man is born spiritually dead.
Man is born time after time into earthly bodies.
Man is born to act.
Man is born to be challenged.
Man is born to enjoy.
Man is born to it.
Man is born to kill.
Man is born to render selfless service.
Man is born to trouble as the sparks fly upward.
Man is born to trouble, as the sparks fly upward.
Man is born to trouble.
Man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward.
Man is born with a drive to receive called self-love.
Man is born with a natural, fallen disposition.
Man is born with a sinful nature and sins by choice.
Man is born with a yetzer hara, an evil inclination.
Man is born with natural ability.
Man is born with the desires of the eyes and ears, with a fondness for beautiful sights and sounds.
Man is both a part of, and somewhat distinguished from, nature in Melville's mind.
Man is both an animal and divine being.
Man is both an intellectual and an emotional creature.
Man is both body and soul.
Man is both perfect and imperfect.
Man is both the healer and the healed.
Man is bound by sin.
Man is bound to commit sins.
Man is bowed down, and men are brought low, and the eyes of the haughty are humbled.
Man is but a link in the endless chain of living formations.
Man is but a little child in knowledge.
Man is but a lowly creature with the appetites of a god.
Man is but dust, a frail creature, and now also a mortal and dying creature.
Man is but the creature.
Man is by far the tapir's worst enemy.
Man is by nature a being that thirsts and yearns . . .
Man is by nature a gregarious creature.
Man is by nature a political animal.
Man is by nature a religious being.
Man is by nature a running animal.
Man is by nature a social animal.
Man is by nature an artist.
Man is by nature an organizer.
Man is by nature and vocation a religious being.
Man is by nature blind within.
Man is by nature creative.
Man is by nature metaphysical and proud.
Man is by nature now a deceived creature.
Man is by nature sinful, and needs to be cleansed spiritually.
Man is by nature totally depraved and worthy of death.
Man is by nature totally depraved.
Man is by nature vegetarian only.
Man is called a baby by god, even as a child is by man.
Man is called to creativity in good, to spiritual activity, to the building of the City of God.
Man is called to love and to self-giving in the unity of body and spirit.
Man is capable of anything, and there are a lot of atomic weapons around.
Man is capable of elaborating a uniform and organic conception of knowledge.
Man is capable of good and evil in like measure.
Man is capable of making moral choices.
Man is capable of reasoning with the .
Man is capable of such evil because man is inherently so.
Man is capable of the most horrific things.
Man is cat pee ever pervasive.
Man is caught in a huge and complex labyrinth.
Man is caught in a paradox.
Man is caught up in a wilderness from which there is no escape, and there is no hope.
Man is central, sovereign and autonomous.
Man is central.
Man is centred in the becoming.
Man is certainly stark mad.
Man is certanly stark mad.
Man is challenged merely to respect and preserve that natural majesty.
Man is characterized by freedom.
Man is charged to live righteously.
Man is childish by nature.
Man is claimed to be a problem solving, skill using, social animal.
Man is compared with a grain of wheat, physically as well as spiritually.
Man is completely and totally depraved.
Man is composed of a body, a soul, and a spirit.
Man is composed of a few dollars worth of chemicals.
Man is composed of a twofold nature, a spiritual and a bodily.
Man is composed of body and soul.
Man is composed of both body and soul.
Man is composed of three systems.
Man is conceived in sin and born in corruption.
Man is conceived of as a determining, active entity.
Man is condemned to a perpetual pattern of linearity, focus, aim, directedness.
Man is condemned to be free.
Man is considered a sentient being of the fifth order.
Man is considered to be a tropical animal.
Man is considered to be born into a state of sin.
Man is considered to be higher than the rest of nature.
Man is constantly plagues by trouble and strife.
Man is consumed by consumerism.
Man is controlled by the urge for self-preservation.
Man is convicted of murder without a confession or a corpse.
Man is corrupted completely and depraved totally.
Man is courageous.
Man is crafted from lowly elements.
Man is crazy wihtout Self-realization.
Man is created a frugivorous or fruit-eating creature.
Man is created before the birds and beasts.
Man is created first, then beasts and birds are, which are named by man.
Man is created in the image of god.
Man is created out of muck.
Man is created weak and makes faults and mistakes.
Man is created, acc.
Man is creative only in thinking and in the realm of imagination.
Man is dead in trespasses and sins.
Man is dead.
Man is dealt with like a particle in physics, an impersonal unit in the universe.
Man is deep down divine in essence.
Man is deeply vulnerable when faced with overwhelming evil.
Man is demoted for wanting more than a week off to help with newborn child.
Man is dependent on divine guidance for adopting the right attitude to all matters.
Man is dependent.
Man is described as being mortal, or subject to death.
Man is designed in a general way.
Man is designed to worship.
Man is destined to die once and after that the judgment.
Man is destined to die once, and after that to face judgment.
Man is detached from Earth, weightless in search of more weight.
Man is detoured but can be placed on the highway of holiness.
Man is different and distinct from the animals.
Man is different from every other creature in regard to clothing.
Man is different only in quantity.
Man is different than creation.
Man is different.
Man is disfigured for the sake of transcendency.
Man is disobedient, but can be made an obedient child.
Man is distinct from all other forms of life.
Man is distinct from the rest of creation.
Man is distinguished from all other creatures by the faculty of laughter.
Man is doomed to stay put - well ruled and regulated.
Man is doomed.
Man is double- minded.
Man is elevated.
Man is embedded in nature. . . .
Man is endowed with a moral consciences and is responsible.
Man is endowed with knowledge, skill, balance and insight, but the balance of man is upset today.
Man is endowed with unlimited powers.
Man is enough.
Man is entirely material.
Man is essentially a historical being.
Man is essentially good.
Man is essentially rational and accommodative.
Man is eternal.
Man is ever ready to bear loss and oppression.
Man is everywhere plunged in worry, all the twentyfour hours.
Man is evil and sinful.
Man is evil because of that nature.
Man is evil.
Man is evolution's greatest achievement so far.
Man is exposed to thousands of different substances during life.
Man is extolled.
Man is faced with so many questions concerning time.
Man is fallable, and makes many mistakes.
Man is fallen and requires grace in order to be saved.
Man is fallen.
Man is fallible.
Man is fatally slain.
Man is fearful.
Man is fearfully and wonderfully made.
Man is finite and limited in conception and execution.
Man is finite and real meaning to the puzzle of life can only come from an infinite reference point.
Man is first physical but the existentialist allows also for the spiritual part of man.
Man is flawed.
Man is forever, friendship is forever and family is forever as well.
Man is forgetful.
Man is found in all re- gions.
Man is free absolutely.
Man is free and therefore responsible.
Man is free to do right or wrong.
Man is free to refuse the proffered relationship when it is conditional.
Man is free.
Man is from now on to be feared by all the creatures of the earth.
Man is ft product of the evolutionary process.
Man is full of compassion.
Man is fundamentally a being who is taught.
Man is fundamentally only an animal that has developed in an unusual way.
Man is gaming animal.
Man is gifted with a number of abilities.
Man is given a conscience to determine what is right and wrong, cf.
Man is given equal standing with others.
Man is given the choice either to progress and walk forward, or to regress and fall backward.
Man is god.
Man is good and getting better.
Man is good and, consequently, aspires to that which is good, i.e., optimum survival.
Man is good.
Man is governed less and less by authority.
Man is granted power over the Bible rather than taking a place under it.
Man is gray-haired with glasses.
Man is great in action - Woman in suffering.
Man is great.
Man is guilty of sinning, and the penalty is eternal death.
Man is guilty.
Man is half of a whole.
Man is half the circle and Woman is the the other half.
Man is harder than iron, stronger than stone and more fragile than a rose.
Man is harder than iron, stronger than stone, and more fragile than a rose.
Man is helpless and exposed to numerous misfortunes.
Man is helpless to solve the problem.
Man is helplessly and hopelessly lost.
Man is hence a political animal.
Man is highly scented.
Man is human, subject to error.
Man is ignorant of everything antecedent to observation.
Man is imbued with faith.
Man is immortal.
Man is imperfect and imperfectible.
Man is imperfect, only the creator is perfect.
Man is imperfect.
Man is important.
Man is in a fallen condition.
Man is in a spiritual battle.
Man is in a state of consciousness similar to that of dream-filled sleep.
Man is in a state of perpetual mutation.
Man is in a wonderful garden but still has a problem.
Man is in bondage.
Man is in every respect a ruined creation.
Man is in love with what is vanishing.
Man is in relation to woman, what the sun is in relation to the moon.
Man is in the center of things.
Man is in the crucible.
Man is incapable of generating thoughts alone.
Man is incapable of having two primary goals.
Man is incapable of sin, sickness and death.
Man is incapable of such perfection.
Man is incompetent to make such a judgment.
Man is incurably religious.
Man is indeed a weak being.
Man is indeed an ingrate.
Man is individual, separated from man, An isolated human being is impossible.
Man is infected by eating of raw or undercooked infected beef.
Man is infected by eating raw or undercooked, infected pork.
Man is infinitely higher than and different from the animal kingdom.
Man is influenced by a variety of motives, pressures and feelings.
Man is inherently an aggressive sinner by nature, choice, and practice.
Man is inherently bad.
Man is inherently good.
Man is inside all men.
Man is intelligent and thoughtful, endowed with powers of mind.
Man is intrinsically a teller of stories.
Man is invariably in perfect harmony with or an integral part of nature.
Man is invited to enter the theater of life.
Man is involved in a life that seems to have continuous daily occurrences.
Man is irrational, corrupt, and guided by base instincts.
Man is it awesome.
Man is it cold here.
Man is it horrible.
Man is it in bad shape.
Man is it quick.
Man is it true.
Man is it ugly.
Man is it yellow.
Man is judged based upon the gap between reality and potential.
Man is just by nature, religious.
Man is just like a performance of genetic codes, a wonderful symphony.
Man is just naturally improvident.
Man is justified apart from the deeds of the law.
Man is justified by a substitutionary death.
Man is kept safe.
Man is kindled and put out like a light in the night-time.
Man is left alone in the unjust world.
Man is left in a linguistic state of nature a war of all against all.
Man is left standing alone on the corner, dejected.
Man is light-born spirit.
Man is lighter than vanity in the balance.
Man is like a broken down junkyard car.
Man is like a drop of water separated from the sea.
Man is like a fragile egg and the Word of God is like a solid rock .
Man is like a pebble in a mountain stream.
Man is like a sheep.
Man is like a thing of naught.
Man is like a tightrope-walker, who either stands on a rope or falls off.
Man is like a vault stretching upward and outward between two atmospheres.
Man is like an eagle.
Man is like grass and soon withers.
Man is like the animal in physical structure but otherwise immeasurably separated and superior.
Man is like the flower, whose full bloom is the signal for decay to begin.
Man is like unto the glass, but spiritual splendors are like unto the light within the glass.
Man is likened to a fleeting breath.
Man is little different.
Man is lost from birth.
Man is lost in the labyrinth of life.
Man is lost, and man is dead in trespasses and sin by nature.
Man is lost, and man is dead in trespasses and sins by nature.
Man is lower than any angel and greater than many devils.
Man is made as a moral creature.
Man is made for higher things Than to fear what lies ahead.
Man is made in that fashion.
Man is made lord of the whole earth.
Man is made man by history.
Man is made of animal essence, vegetable essence and mineral essence.
Man is made of body and spirit.
Man is made out of the dust of the ground.
Man is made to think in that way, since man was originally created to have dominion over all things.
Man is made up of cells, each of which has a DNA structure unique to each person.
Man is made up of four elements and floats within the fifth.
Man is made up of the elements from the Earth.
Man is man is man.
Man is man s joy and dust s increase and ships adornment.
Man is man.
Man is Manimal.
Man is material, of the earth.
Man is meat' starts off calmer, easier.
Man is memory.
Man is mentally more similar to the insects, birds, and rodents, than to the apes.
Man is merely a weak creature and nothing more.
Man is merely the recipient of sovereign grace.
Man is mind.
Man is more beautiful than the horse, the horse than the bear, the bear than the tortoise.
Man is more like a gorilla than a gorilla is like a lemur.
Man is more polygamous by nature as compared to a woman.
Man is more powerful than matter.
Man is more sophisticated.
Man is more than a machine.
Man is more than a mere body.
Man is more than a physical being.
Man is more than a toy.
Man is more than economic animal.
Man is more than the animals who merely follow their instincts, urges, and appetites.
Man is mortal because of sin.
Man is mortal, having no existence when dead.
Man is mortal.
Man is motivated first and foremost by the desire to survive.
Man is motivated in a way unique among creatures.
Man is moved just like the ice floe sailing here and there out in the current.
Man is much more than a physical body.
Man is much much more than that limited perception.
Man is much, much more closely related to the cockroach than most bacteria are to other bacteria.
Man is natural.
Man is naturally a crook.
Man is naturally a proud creature.
Man is naturally a self-centered being.
Man is nature's sole mistake.
Man is neither inherently good nor able to merit eternal salvation.
Man is neither omnipotent, nor self-sufficient.
Man is neither.
Man is never a partner in the revelational process.
Man is never sick.
Man is never weary of working it up.
Man is no accident of birth nor plaything of fate.
Man is no angel.
Man is no better than the woman, nor woman than the man.
Man is no exception in nature.
Man is no exception.
Man is no longer an instinct ridden creature but being capable of choice and responsibility.
Man is no longer man enclosed, but man in debt.
Man is no longer merely an insignificant element of the cosmic totality.
Man is no longer really human or separative.
Man is no longer the monopoly of a clique.
Man is no machine, but more like a web or hologram.
Man is no more complex, chemically, than plants and animals.
Man is no more than a function.
Man is no volume but concern, less a history than a principle or a pain to be there.
Man is nobler than nature.
Man is nostalgia and a search for communion.
Man is nothing but a complex electro-chemical machine.
Man is nothing more than a freak accident of nature.
Man is nothing more than evolution become conscious of itself.
Man is nothing.
Man is now a rebel.
Man is now no longer essential as a worker in the fabulously complex industrial equation.
Man is now sinful, and the creation is cursed.
Man is now woman, white is now black.
Man is nuts.
Man is obliged to leave the earth where the object now have free play.
Man is of few days and many troubles.
Man is on the edge of a new age.
Man is on the edge of a new millennia and of taking a quantum leap into the stars.
Man is one among the many species competing with all others for survival.
Man is one half, the woman is the other.
Man is one in species, but many in individuals.
Man is one of the mink's main enemies.
Man is one with nature and lives in harmony with all living things.
Man is one with the boat, and water is one with the land.
Man is one with the universe.
Man is one with ultimate reality.
Man is only a form of expression for the existence of lives at the lowest level.
Man is only a nackered ape.
Man is only a supervisor and arbiter.
Man is only a visitor and caution is advised in any wilderness area.
Man is only material, a complex machine.
Man is only potentially immortal.
Man is organic and with the world.
Man is organic with the world.
Man is organic.
Man is outside of nature.
Man is owned, body and soul, by sin.
Man is part of a community which is to be associated with a continent rather than an island.
Man is part of a whole.
Man is part of nature.
Man is particularly susceptible to trichinosis infection.
Man is partly in the realm of spirit and partly in the sphere of matter.
Man is partly to blame for the loss.
Man is passive.
Man is perfect.
Man is pitted against the natural world, experience and intelligence against brute force.
Man is placed in a small and bounded condition.
Man is planned obsolescence.
Man is possible today. . .
Man is predestined.
Man is pre-eminent over all the terrestrial creation.
Man is preoccupied with self.
Man is preoccupied with technology and cyberspace.
Man is preprogrammed for greatness.
Man is presently the largest animal which visits Virginia caves.
Man is primarily an emotional being, a heartistic being.
Man is principle and is thus unity.
Man is programmed but remains largely subject to the influence of the environment.
Man is promised resurrection in the future.
Man is prone to errors of understanding as well as reporting.
Man is psychosomatic by definition.
Man is punched.
Man is pure, good loving, wise.
Man is qualitatively different from animals.
Man is qualitatively superior to the animals in many important ways.
Man is quite insane.
Man is rapacious.
Man is rational enough to prefer loss of freedom to total disaster.
Man is rational.
Man is ready, willing, and able to fight when provoked in a correct manner.
Man is really no different from a rock.
Man is reincarnated after death.
Man is represented by the Y where the large dot is represented by the globe.
Man is responsible for the dispersal of many fruits and seeds.
Man is responsible-man, ideologies, and philosophical systems.
Man is returned to the tradition of the hunter . . .
Man is rubber but ass becomes giant.
Man is sales rep.
Man is saved apart from grace.
Man is saved by grace, through faith.
Man is saved solely by grace.
Man is seen as a biological unit or whole developing in a specific ecological setting.
Man is seen as a victim.
Man is seen as bestial and the material is transferred onto the cultural.
Man is self-domesticated.
Man is self-preserving by nature.
Man is separated.
Man is set against man, money is saved and profits are made.
Man is set between the animals and the angels.
Man is set free by knowledge.
Man is set free through love, because love is the source par excellence of all that is good.
Man is short for manual.
Man is sick.
Man is simply a product of evolution.
Man is simply a slave and a consumer.
Man is simply a trustee.
Man is simply matter in motion.
Man is simply subject to the opinions of others.
Man is simply the end-product in a long chain of evolutionary change.
Man is sinful and under condemnation to eternal judgment.
Man is sinful Sin is an archery term that means to miss the mark .
Man is sinful.
Man Is Sinful.
Man is slightly nearer to the atom than the stars.
Man is slow to learn and change when it concerns food and money.
Man is small when compared to the great forces of nature.
Man is small, and, therefore, small is beautiful.
Man is snow.
Man is so depraved that divine grace is necessary unto faith of any good deed.
Man is so depraved that divine grace is necessary unto faith or any good deed.
Man is social and, as such, programmed to form structured units like the family.
Man is social by nature.
Man is society written small.
Man is something that is to be overcome.
Man is something that is to be surpassed.
Man is something to be overcome.
Man is something to be surpassed.
Man is sometimes over serious when trying to explain the workings of the world.
Man is special.
Man is spirit and has a body.
Man is spirit, soul, and body.
Man is spirit.
Man is spiritual and has spiritual senses.
Man is spiritual and physical, with flesh.
Man is spiritual by nature.
Man is still a carnivore.
Man is still man, even in ruins.
Man is still the main threat to the pine marten population due mainly to accidental poisoning.
Man is still the most extraordinary computer of all.
Man is strong, prepared to fight, responsible.
Man is stuck in an endless loop.
Man is subject either to cosmic forces or to technical civilization.
Man is subject to conflicting impulses.
Man is subject to death because of sin.
Man is such an agent of drastic change.
Man is such an egocentric creature.
Man is sufficient.
Man is superior to all governments and corporations .
Man is supposed to be better than a donkey for others to ride on top of.
Man is supposed to be the crown of creation.
Man is supposed to provide for a woman, and that s what happened.
Man is susceptible to tetanus.
Man is taught to respect the dignity of the dead as well as that of the living.
Man is temporary.
Man is that being who is in-between heaven and earth.
Man is that disordered.
Man is that embarassing.
Man is that fun.
Man is that noble endogenous plant which grows, like the palm, from within outward.
Man is that silly.
Man is that the truth.
Man is that uniquely conscious creature who can perceive and express.
Man is the adult rhino's only predator.
Man is the animal that laughs.
Man is the animal that lives in the eyes of others.
Man is the animal that makes tools.
Man is the animal who speaks.
Man is the antecedent of who .
Man is the barzakh of all the mulk before the meanings of malakut.
Man is the best of all creatures and has been created in the most suitable proportions.
Man is the bridge between the two.
Man is the caimans' only predator once it reaches adult size.
Man is the cause of the demise of the rhino.
Man is the center of all.
Man is the center of everything.
Man is the center.
Man is the central element in war, and leadership is the critical factor in shaping human effort.
Man is the centre of the universe.
Man is the chance product of a biological process of evolution.
Man is the closest living relative to both the bonobo and the chimpanzee.
Man is the conduit between the truth and a lie.
Man is the confidant of angels.
Man is the conscious fruit of the tree of creation.
Man is the creation.
Man is the creature for whom all the rest was made.
Man is the creature of character.
Man is the creature of interest and ambition.
Man is the creature who is designed specifically to have freedom of choice.
Man is the crowning work of faith.
Man is the cruelest animal.
Man is the destroyer.
Man is the dolphins greatest predator.
Man is the dominant force and the focus of the entire creation.
Man is the embodiment of the three worlds and also the three times.
Man is the end and means of development.
Man is the fire and woman is the water.
Man is the first conscious being on earth in evolution.
Man is the fluence of the soul of the east and the reason of the west.
Man is the foremost worker in creation.
Man is the fruit, the microcosm and the model of the existing world.
Man is the future bright.
Man is the giant panda's most dangerous.
Man is the great enemy of mankind.
Man is the great pattern-maker and pattern perceiver.
Man is the greatest enemy of the beaver.
Man is the greatest marvel in the universe.
Man is the greatest threat to both whales and the planet.
Man is the head but woman turns it.
Man is the head of the household and family.
Man is the head of the woman as together they reign over the earth.
Man is the head of woman by divine appointment.
Man is the head, and the woman turns it.
Man is the healed.
Man is the highest animal.
Man is the highest being and contains all elements of the minerals, the vegetables and the animals.
Man is the highest center in the hierarchy of centers of many levels.
Man is the highest creature in the universe.
Man is the highest form of an animal.
Man is the highest fruit on the tree of evolution.
Man is the idol-worship of the age.
Man is the in the bathroom.
Man is the interpreter of nature, science the right interpretation.
Man is the last and most perfect work of the creative power.
Man is the last to come.
Man is the main body in all kinds of social activities.
Man is the major enemy of the bald eagle.
Man is the manatee's only enemy.
Man is the measure of all things.
Man is the measure.
Man is the microcosm and the stars are the macrocosm.
Man is the microcosm of the universe.
Man is the microcosm, that is, a miniature universe.
Man is the most composite of all creatures, the wheel-insect, volvox globator, is at the beginning.
Man is the most dangerous enemy.
Man is the most dangerous, destructive, selfish and unethical animal on earth.
Man is the nobler growth our realms supply, And souls are ripened in our northern sky.
Man is the noblest of beasts.
Man is the noblest of the creatures.
Man is the number one enemy of the crow.
Man is the number one enemy of the rhinoceros.
Man is the obedient, though unconscious, creature of the organic forces of the Earth.
Man is the oil which allows the machines to function.
Man is the on-line manual.
Man is the only animal known to have hunted orcas.
Man is the only animal that appreciates and values the rest of the world's animals.
Man is the only animal that blushes or needs to.
Man is the only animal that blushes, or needs to.
Man is the only animal that blushes.
Man is the only animal that can be skinned more than once.
Man is the only animal that cries.
Man is the only animal that hastens the reduction of food to soluble form by cooking it.
Man is the only animal that laughs and has a state legislature.
Man is the only animal that learns by being hypocritical.
Man is the only animal that makes and uses tools.
Man is the only animal that practices war and mass murder.
Man is the only animal who blushes.
Man is the only animal who has one.
Man is the only animal who is imperfect.
Man is the only animal who uses the kiss to express love.
Man is the only animal who'll eat with an enemy.
Man is the only animal, besides the moose, in the woods with whites in our eyes.
Man is the only creation with intelligence.
Man is the only creature capable of thought and speech.
Man is the only creature that consumes without producing.
Man is the only creature who has a nasty mind.
Man is the only cultural being.
Man is the only evil animal.
Man is the only government-making animal in the world.
Man is the only host for the human strains, but related rhinoviruses exist in horses and cows.
Man is the only host on which crab lice are known to breed and survive.
Man is the only known being who uses tools to make other tools.
Man is the only known host so far.
Man is the only known reservoir.
Man is the only natural host for polioviruses.
Man is the only one that knows nothing, that can learn nothing without being taught.
Man is the only one to receive the divine gift of speech.
Man is the only organism whose mind is so constructed that con- flict is inevitable.
Man is the only predator.
Man is the only rational animal.
Man is the only reservoir of significance.
Man is the only threat to the survival of tigers.
Man is the only word animal.
Man is the priest of all creation.
Man is the primary force threatening the natural world.
Man is the principal dispersal agent.
Man is the problem.
Man is the product of chance in a closed system of natural law.
Man is the product of evolution.
Man is the rainforest brought to self-consciousness.
Man is the rational animal.
Man is the reasonable animal.
Man is the root cause for some of the problems, while nature produces and enhances others.
Man is the ruler of nature.
Man is the same after as before a bone is broken or the body guillotined.
Man is the same everywhere, but writers are vain and particular.
Man is the same, nothing is new.
Man is the same.
Man is the snapping turtle's main enemy, killing it for food and sport.
Man is the source, the focus and the end of all social life.
Man is the spiritual leader over woman.
Man is the steward of creation.
Man is the storytelling animal.
Man is the subject of the created world.
Man is the sun, stars and fire.
Man is the symbol of intelligence.
Man is the teacher everywhere of nations.
Man is the tempter and aggressor.
Man is the top predator in any desert environment whether by intention or accident.
Man is the tree of the field.
Man is the ultimate egotist.
Man is the unification of the physical body with an inner soul.
Man is the unique dispensation of nature.
Man is the very symbol of vivacity and motion, the icon of creativity and advancement.
Man is the way.
Man is the weakest and most formidable creature on the Earth.
Man is the weather great here in Silicon Valley.
Man is the wonderworker.
Man is the wooden box.
Man is the work mate of woman.
Man is the world of man , the state, society.
Man is the world of man, the state, and society.
Man is the world of man, the state, society.
Man is the worst creature to have roamed the earth.
Man is the zoon noun echon .
Man is their greatest enemy, but stories of wolves attacking man are unfounded.
Man is their main predator.
Man is then in a state of peace with all creation.
Man is therefore under the curse of sin.
Man is therefore unique.
Man is thought to be the reason for it's extinction.
Man is thrilled and somewhat inspired.
Man is thrown into the world involuntarily.
Man is thus a small but integral part of the cosmos.
Man is thus a special and distinctive creation, the climax, and to man is given dominion.
Man is thus partly free and partly subject to deterministic forces.
Man is tl s the tail of witchcraft.
Man is to be surpassed as have all beasts been surpassed in the tide of evolution.
Man is to be the head of the woman since the entrance of sin.
Man is to be the vehicle of divine life.
Man is to blame.
Man is to care for it.
Man is to exercise dominion, to fill the earth and subdue it.
Man is to have dominion over all the animal kingdom.
Man is to rule and reign .
Man is to utilize the physical plane.
Man is to work for a living.
Man is today only beginning to learn how to serve.
Man is too busy making a living to live.
Man is too small to fuss over inordinately.
Man is torn apart in seconds while examining a living rock found at a brutal double murder.
Man is torn between divine and diabolical impulse.
Man is totally dependent upon property.
Man is totally depraved because of sin.
Man is totally depraved.
Man is transitory.
Man is tripartate.
Man is truly a marvelous animal.
Man is truly an island.
Man is truly the microcosm of the macrocosm.
Man is turned into a specialist and the land is turned into a production machine.
Man is turned, tuned.
Man is twofold, inner and outer.
Man is unable to do any spiritual good because of sin.
Man is unable to find the outer perimeter of the cosmos.
Man is unable to originate, order or regulate the wind.
Man is unable to produce or capture dignity in words or lines.
Man is unaware of such a muscle tension.
Man is unbelievably slow, inaccurate, and brilliant.
Man is undoubtedly an artist and creator.
Man is unique among all species of life.
Man is unique in many behavioral patterns.
Man is unique in the animal kingdom.
Man is unique.
Man is universally present in creation.
Man is universally sinful by nature and by choice.
Man is unreliable.
Man is unrighteous.
Man is usually lazy and unwilling to take up the important task.
Man is vertical, becomes horizontal.
Man is very much a creature of habit.
Man is very self-centered.
Man is viewed as unique.
Man is weighted with sin and knows it.
Man is wholly and throughout but patch and motley.
Man is wholly mortal.
Man is wise, but through the ages the true meaning becomes lost.
Man is without a spirit.
Man is without excuse.
Man is wonderful, but never to be over-exalted.
Man is worthy of praise, resulting in reward, or blame, deserving punishment.
Man is yellow gold bright finish.
Man is young as species go.
Man is, at one and the same time, a solitary being and a social being.
Man is, by nature, sinful.
Man is, by nature, spiritually blind.
Man is, by the nature of creation, a social animal.
Man is, in fact, the inverted plant.
Man is, in many respects, like a jigsaw puzzle.
Man is, indeed, an animal, but an animal endowed with reason, though mortal.
Man is, now, composed of matter.
Man is, woman better accommodate.
Man isa adult.
Man isa individual.
Man isa person.
Man isa somebody.
Man isa someone.
Man isnt a island in sea.
Man judges man by the out ward appearance of things.
Man jumps hill on mountain bike.
Man jumps on right foot.
Man jumps out of plane with no parachute.
Man jumps out.
Man just likes to keep the status quo.
Man justifiably fears being devoured by woman, who is nature's proxy.
Man kann nie wissen.
Man kann sich kaum vorstellen, wie das zuging damals.
Man kann z.
Man keep it going.
Man keeps trying to add a humanism to salvation.
Man keeps working on big shooter.
Man kills for no other reason than pleasure, it's fun.
Man kills for sport.
Man kills god.
Man kills in two ways.
Man kills wife.
Man know thyself, for in thee is hidden the treasure of treasures.
Man know thyself.
Man knows about right and wrong.
Man knows but little.
Man knows certain ways definitely, but they are paths of death.
Man knows that only evil can come out of evil, as good out of good.
Man knows things because they exist.
Man lacks omnipotence and can never attain a state of full and lasting satisfaction.
Man lands on the moon.
Man launches a snow ball in a snow fight.
Man lays down from accumulated burdens, with no answers and no support.
Man leads all the rest.
Man leads, woman follows.
Man learns best by doing.
Man learns by nature, by habit, and by reason.
Man learns in a progressive way which requires the proper prerequisites.
Man learns little from success, but much from failure.
Man learns to pray through despair.
Man learns to walk upright.
Man leaves bar with woman.
Man leaves more often than woman.
Man leaves the caves, and moves closer to the river valleys.
Man lies down.
Man lies in deepest pain.
Man likes to be lifted up.
Man likes to bring two things together into one.
Man likes to fish.
Man likes to play chess.
Man likes to play head games and control the woman.
Man likewise goes through a process of growth.
Man listens for a call from across the light-years, announcing the presence of a mind.
Man lives and dies, and all existence is within that space.
Man lives by love.
Man lives in a world of ideas.
Man lives in Kansas and gets shocks all the time during winter, even when in bed.
Man lives in open and shameless fornication and adultery.
Man lives in stages, seven in all.
Man lives in the dawn forever.
Man lives in the mud.
Man lives in the past, present and future.
Man lives in the savannahs and is bombarded by harsh warm sunlight everyday.
Man lives in the shadow of death.
Man lives in time.
Man lives in two worlds, the world of cause and the world of effect.
Man lives on earth.
Man lives two lives.
Man lives within a universe ruled by the spirits and the ancestors.
Man loads to do.
Man looks around the vacant chairs.
Man looks at cat and talks, causing it to run back into the alley.
Man looks at the outward appearance, but the lord looks at the heart.
Man looks at the outward appearance, but the L-rd looks at the heart.
Man looks down on the horse.
Man looks on the outer experience.
Man looks to the principles, but woman can perceive that truth which needs to be said when.
Man loses a wife.
Man loses boy.
Man loses face at party.
Man loses hair.
Man loses identity to alien beings in smart, stunning sci-fi noir thriller.
Man loses identity to alien beings who control city in stunning sci-fi noir thriller.
Man loses modem to stealthy lightning.
Man loses money.
Man loves change, newness, innovation.
Man loves darkness rather than light.
Man loves liberty . . .
Man loves, hates, grieves, enjoys.
Man lunges ,dog fends, while the fish fights.
Man lying below man is enfolded in abominable embraces and twinings.
Man make di same mistake all di time.
Man make guns to kill other man.
Man makes comment about woman's nipples.
Man makes distinctions, while women put things in place.
Man makes great use of names, numbers and in general of language in learning.
Man makes no representation as to the accuracy of the market data and prices contained herein.
Man makes policies, woman is given permission to speak.
Man makes that.
Man makes things out of existing materials.
Man matters most.
Man measures star distances using parallax trigonometry.
Man meats woman.
Man meddles with nature Hawaiian style.
Man meets beast, beast disappears without a trace, man is left only with a story.
Man meets beast, man disappears leaving only a vague note.
Man meets boyhood idol in competition for most treasured prize in their profession.
Man meets dog'.
Man meets dog.
Man meets woman.
Man mixes foods from all sources.
Man moves back slightly, lady stays in place on turns.
Man moves corpse from gurney to autopsy table.
Man moves down the marine food chain creating havoc.
Man moves ever onward in accordance with the law.
Man moves from dawn to dusk, the pangolin from dusk to dawn.
Man moves into enclosure and even enclosures for livestock.
Man naturally feels small in comparison to all creation.
Man naturally gravitates toward the darkness as the result of sin in their lives.
Man naturally has no sense of spiritual things.
Man naturally has no such needs.
Man naturally shrinks from death, and is sad at the thought of it.
Man needs a more complex formula.
Man needs action of solid substance in order to concretize moments of emotional highs.
Man needs both courage and faith.
Man needs bread to live.
Man needs eyes, ears, arms, a head, feet and various other members.
Man needs fire.
Man needs heroes.
Man needs knowledge, study and preparation.
Man needs more space to live and needs to clear rain forest lands for progress.
Man needs new and improved products.
Man needs no outside help.
Man needs protection.
Man needs religion also liberty.
Man needs social organization for cooperation and for better living.
Man needs some new tools.
Man needs to belong to a community .
Man needs to find meaning in life.
Man needs work.
Man never can.
Man never dies.
Man never is, but always to be blest.
Man never knows which is the blessed portion of food.
Man never perceives anything fully, or comprehends anything completely.
Man never sits by idle.
Man now considers it an affront to use exclusive language.
Man now knows that blood is necessary for survival.
Man now lives in many ways in a period of relative uncertainty.
Man now lives under the government of death and darkness.
Man now misinterprets freedom as independence.
Man now pulls on woman's right hand while raising it and allowing it to rotate.
Man obviously differs from horse in form, and contraries from each other.
Man occupies the crest of the evolutionary wave.
Man occupies the left half, and woman the right half.
Man only finds and employs what is already available.
Man only has ideals.
Man only lives once.
Man only pretends to speak the same language.
Man only strives to understand what is obviously visible.
Man only violates the laws of nature and consequently suffers from innumerable diseases.
Man opens small Internet company with a friend, running it off a lone computer in a bedroom.
Man orders a hit-man to kill another man.
Man overcomes alienation, negates the negation.
Man owes an absolute submission to Providence.
Man owes much to society at large.
Man owes something to man.
Man pages Online man pages.
Man partakes more of the animal, less of the scientific.
Man participates and shares in the universe.
Man participates in it.
Man peeps from tower.
Man perceives the hidden law in created things and co-operates with it.
Man physically exists, grows, feels, and thinks.
Man picks one up and begins to walk away.
Man picks one up and starts walking away.
Man placed in, to dress and keep.
Man plants the microcosm and woman gives birth to it.
Man plants the seed and it is the universe that makes it grow.
Man plays no part at all in regeneration .
Man pleads guilty in dragging death .
Man pleads guilty to robberies.
Man plunges over cliff on lawnmower.
Man points to woman's breast.
Man pose the biggest threat to pandas.
Man poses the biggest threat to plants, more so than any other single living organism or species.
Man poses the greatest threat through shooting and the taking of eggs by oologists.
Man poses the greatest threat to dolphins.
Man posses consciousness, which is the faculty of perceiving that which exists.
Man possesses better reason and judgment and more discretion than woman.
Man possesses it in common with the plants.
Man possesses many passions.
Man prays by instinct.
Man prays for mercy, but is unwilling to extend it to others.
Man prays only under pressure.
Man precedes woman.
Man prefers a low profile.
Man prevents misery - Woman relieves it.
Man probably has a greater range than most ETs.
Man produces the form, women supply the matter to be formed.
Man progresses to a certain point in evolution, then begins again from scratch on a higher level.
Man progresses towards Hashem on the right.
Man protects nature and nature protects man.
Man provides food and shelter to the animals, and they provide meat, milk and fiber for man.
Man provides scale.
Man provides the rest.
Man pulls knife on another man who has been verbally abusing a woman.
Man pulls toad from can.
Man puts chip in arm.
Man puts hand on clothed woman's breast.
Man puts the shot.
Man qualifies as an endangered animal, but cows and horses infest the joint like rats.
Man raises left hand and gives lady a slight push to start the twirl.
Man rang during many blanket but finished diamond router bits.
Man rang during many blanket but finished dynasty hot tub spas.
Man rang during many blanket but finished porch lamps.
Man rang during many blanket but finished power strip outlets.
Man rang during many blanket but finished power tool parts.
Man rang during many blanket but finished power tool repair.
Man rang during many blanket but finished shelving units.
Man recalls life and ancestry while drowning in Tasmania.
Man receives it and thus possesses life.
Man refuses to passively participate in the course of events by making a decision to act.
Man rejects light.
Man rejects truth rather than lies.
Man remains a partial individual.
Man remains, for the most part, spiritually ignorant.
Man repeatedly steps on man's fingers.
Man repents or perishes.
Man represents only a very small portion of the great universe.
Man represents pride.
Man requires change.
Man responds to the spiritual issue of sin by performing an external rite.
Man revoles around everything that happens in our society.
Man rides lion.
Man risks playing havoc with the world's weather systems.
Man rolls truck over.
Man rules the world and woman rules man.
Man running is the force to be contained.
Man s most miserable occupation.
Man s over-jacket with long sleeves which is worn over the chogori and jokki .
Man s skull.
Man says wallet stolen at airport.
Man scatters the seeds of food plants in fields and gardens.
Man scurries hither to and from, Succumbing daily to fear and pain.
Man searches for religion because it is the ultimate goal in life for the following reasons.
Man See full review.
Man seeks attachment to the spiritual realms.
Man seeks eminence and recognition.
Man seeks experience other than the ordinary daily experience.
Man seeks first the bare necessities.
Man seeks fulfilment of some basic human aspirations.
Man seeks higher meaning.
Man seeks man.
Man seeks reconciliation without obedience.
Man seeks the greatest enjoyment in each act .
Man seeks to distort and destroy the truth.
Man seeks to perfect things but instead kills it.
Man seeks truth to explain experience.
Man seeks truth.
Man seems to always want to huddle together in one place.
Man seems to be closer to the rat in terms of effects.
Man seems to be the only animal having significant impact on bat populations.
Man seems to be the only host, reservoir, and chronic carrier.
Man seems to be the sole lifeform that has been able to resist the cylons thus far.
Man seems to go from one sin to another.
Man seems to have a longing for risks, like a part of the human nature.
Man seems to have a peculiar inability to leave well enough alone.
Man seems to insist on ignoring the lessons available from history.
Man seems to most want the powers to kill, to expand, and to create.
Man seems to thrive on conformity, which always ends in disorder.
Man sees only the glowing surface of the sun.
Man sees wild dog in water, cup, and well.
Man sees woman.
Man sells motorcycle.
Man ser ju inte om det r vinter eller sommar.
Man serves in order to be served.
Man shifts the blame when things go wrong.
Man shines abroad - Woman at home.
Man shows sexual interest in goat.
Man simply cuts right to the heart of the matter.
Man simply is.
Man sins willingly and deliberately.
Man sins willingly.
Man sits in jail to protect daughter .
Man sits in the darkness of sin and death by nature.
Man sits on sofa slightly off-center.
Man skal nok kende hende for at synes at det er interessant.
Man slaps woman's rear.
Man sleeps with one encasement, and wakes up after a short while, with another encasement.
Man slips in shower while washing dog.
Man smells too much.
Man smiles at woman with gleaming teeth on TV monitor.
Man smokes in no-smoking zone.
Man solves problems.
Man spends a lot of time travelling where time moves more slowly.
Man sprayin de ball like aerosol all over de pitch .
Man stand for long time with mouth open before roast duck fly in.
Man stands above the rest of creation in three ways.
Man stands aghast at the present trend of scientific and technological progress.
Man Stands Alone.
Man stands and sits down.
Man stands at edge of proceedings wearing leather jacket and bandanna, taking in scene.
Man stands at toilet.
Man stands in line along with the elephant and the whale and is predeceased by the dinosaurs.
Man stands in the ancient road.
Man stands in the Godhead as the imaging faculty.
Man stands like the king of creatures in the veldt, unmoved by whatever threatens.
Man stands on down-thrown block of ground.
Man stands on inside, woman on outside.
Man stands on the sidelines in wonder and amazement.
Man stands on the verge of the greatest breakthrough ever made in the human appropriation of nature.
Man stands surrounded by temptations.
Man starts at whichever part is more awake.
Man starts from nothing.
Man starts out crawling, then walking, then walking with a cane.
Man steps back with left foot, to the side and across.
Man steps on right foot, about eight inches to the right of original position.
Man steps on right foot, original position.
Man steps out from behind a doorway.
Man still does that today.
Man still feels the comfort of the house of religion.
Man still feels the subconscious drive to follow the religious beacons.
Man still has much to learn about the relationships of creatures, one to another.
Man still has the ability to choose good over evil.
Man stops being a unique, a sole creature, born after an extraordinary event.
Man stops casting a shadow.
Man strikes with a blade and heals with a bandaid.
Man strives for orientation in life.
Man strokes a copper sphere.
Man struggles also in love against coldness, indifference and harshness.
Man struggles for Order while refusing to see it as it is.
Man struggles to resist arrest.
Man struggles to rise above nature.
Man succumbs to pressure.
Man suck gay man gay porn xxx.
Man sues wife.
Man suffers from asthma, blood pressure, ulcer etc.
Man suffers from idiosyncrasies, neuroticism or psychoticism, but it is far from man, to be sinful.
Man suffers when working the ground as a consequence of sin in the world.
Man sure likes to upset the equilibrium.
Man survives the grave and judgement.
Man suspects all offers of help.
Man swears then buys new modem.
Man swings on rope after falling from scaffolding.
Man takes a journey looking at the world through the eyes of the wolf.
Man takes and redirects force into higher expressions.
Man takes family to opera.
Man takes revenge, gods take justice.
Man takes the human voice and stores it in a phonograph.
Man talk about what a long wheel base vehicle can do at the right moment.
Man talk Back of milk past either meadow saffron for sold by an prices.
Man talk Car to mate till lots florida state poster after left by several resistance.
Man talks about receiving the transplant.
Man talks to convince - Woman to persuade and please.
Man tan tu di shi yong quan hua bo zhi.
Man telling man how to be saved is the greatest deal around.
Man tells several lies to cover up one lie.
Man tends to live for bread alone when there is little bread.
Man then calculates and arrives to the secret.
Man then calculates and skims the secret.
Man then eats the raw fish.
Man then is the tenth coin, or the tenth angelic principality.
Man then uses manpath value to search for directories containing manpages.
Man there are a lot of hot chicks here in Florence.
Man there are some monster bull elk and deer out there.
Man there are some twisted people out there.
Man therefore has a moral obligation to ensure that all buildings are beige in color.
Man therefore has the responsibility to work consciously toward that goal.
Man therefore has two different substances interacting with each other.
Man theres some stuff up there that needs to be sorted out.
Man thinks an event or circumstance is bad.
Man thinks and grows.
Man thinks and thinks constantly.
Man thinks faster and freer than ever before.
Man thinks in terms of symbols.
Man thinks it is permissible to tell little lies to avoid problems and keep peace.
Man thinks of being clean as something that happens to the outside of the body.
Man thinks of short term profit instead of long term gain.
Man thinks of the paradise that was and the paradise to come.
Man thinks one thing, makes a plan and goes ahead.
Man thinks with the fingers, the eyes and the skin.
Man threatens city population with gas leak.
Man threatens to cut off thief's hand.
Man thrives amidst the unknown and the unobtainable.
Man throws a stone and hits another.
Man throws ball.
Man throws hat to center of floor.
Man throws rock, misses gerbil, hits other rock.
Man throws stick, dog retrives live amunition.
Man throws up in car.
Man thus becomes available to all, and all become available to man.
Man thus works and communicates with nature rather than trying to conquer it.
Man too can embrace Torah.
Man too is a social animal.
Man too is as shrewd and as weak as the eye.
Man too is immortal.
Man traditionally wears a rainbow-striped shirt, jeans and sneakers.
Man travels around world, gets everyone to wear ballon hats .
Man treads on the Moon for the first time ever, thus giving humanity a new, cosmic dimension.
Man tries out pickup line on woman in mime makeup wearing a bridal gown on stilts and strikes out.
Man tries to accomplish with either organisation.
Man tries to break into building and falls from great height.
Man tries to buy tanker full of gas to make a point.
Man tries to kick feet forward while moving backwards.
Man tries to pull women from sidewalk into the bushes.
Man tries to wring a blessing out of each Kingdom scripture.
Man trips on sidewalk.
Man truly speaks with forked tongue now.
Man trusting themselves is still under it.
Man turns away from idolizing man.
Man turns into a wolf.
Man understands man's relationship to natural realities.
Man understands that certain things are good and certain things are evil.
Man understands that sin is awful.
Man upsets the balance of nature both deliberately and unintentionally.
Man uses and dominates computer.
Man uses dental floss to cut through prison bars.
Man uses fewer organs of locomotion than any other animal.
Man uses figures, but often at random and often in ignorance or in error.
Man uses mechanical means as well as chemical.
Man uses more deliberation, management and control in attacking a problem.
Man uses psychological terminology to explain one s behavior.
Man uses spider silk for the cross hairs in certain optical instruments.
Man uses verbal pressure to manipulate a woman's behavior.
Man views from a temporal perspective.
Man wait for ameritech to do it.
Man walk on road.
Man walking along a road in the countryside comes across a shepherd and a huge flock of sheep.
Man walks ahead in darkness.
Man walks forward two steps and kneels on right knee.
Man walks on from left and stops at a comfortable armchair, smiles, sits, crosses legs and relaxes.
Man walks on the moon.
Man walks on three Legs at the last.
Man walks up to a farmers house, knocks on the door.
Man walks up to a farmer's house, knocks on the door.
Man walks up to a guy fishing illegally.
Man waltzes forward and woman straight back.
Man wanders into small town, townspeople hunt men that wander into the small town.
Man wanders off.
Man wants access to that tree that became off-limits after sin entered.
Man wants always to invent the powder.
Man wants beacon to shine again.
Man wants but little here below, nor wants that little long.
Man wants but little here below, Nor wants that little long.
Man wants but little here below, nor wants that little wrong.
Man wants but little here below.
Man wants but little, nor that little long.
Man wants relaxation and change after hard work.
Man waves the earth flag.
Man wearing visor is outside walking around.
Man wears red jacket.
Man wiggles around trying to get away while still on the phone.
Man wills to walk, to eat, to sleep, to wake up and so on, and as a result action ensues.
Man works from sun to sun, but a woman's work is never done.
Man works from sun up to sun down, but a woman's work is never done.
Man works on other hit shooter.
Man works on really big shooter.
MANs are slower than LANs but usually have fewer errors over the network.
MANs are smaller than WANs but are faster.
MANs can contain only LANs and LANs contain the hosts composing the metacomputer.
Mans chronometer in steel.
MANs encourage regional collaboration between HEIs often well beyond the IT area.
Mans plans to become a doctor.
Mans struggle for freedom runs deep.
MANs use different technologies than LANs .
MANs use different technologies than LANs.
Men absolutely love it when a woman takes control of a kiss.
Men abuse the Name of God to eliminate having to face in a dignified way, truth .
Men abuse their female partners because they are mentally ill.
Men abuse their partners because they are under stress.
Men abuse their power even in consensual sexual relationships, except when it is the president.
Men abuse themselves in the gym to get bigger.
Men accept compliments much better than women do.
Men accept words at face value more than women.
Men accordingly acquire the art from the other animals, and especially from birds.
Men accused of homicide also tend to be single, whereas women are more likely to be married.
Men achieve a certain greatness unawares, when working to another aim.
Men achieve success.
Men acquire health.
Men acquire life.
Men acquire taste.
Men act always on account of an end, namely on account of their own advantage, which they want.
Men act as parents.
Men act as they do because they possess certain theological convictions.
Men act because they are affected by the flux of time.
Men act before they philosophize about their actions.
Men act more jovial with children than do women.
Men act out pornography.
Men actually go into the gym thinking they can build big muscles with small weights.
Men actually recieve greater sentences even when prior records are taken into account.
Men actually watch sports on TV just as an excuse to drink beer.
Men add a few drops to their regular aftershave.
Men add swing to their step with wide-leg pants, knickerbockers, and knitted pullovers.
Men adjust themselves because they are in pain.
Men admire their athleticism.
Men admit they like young airheads with large breasts.
Men admit to their mistakes.
Men adopt diets.
Men adore it.
Men advertise for free.
Men agitate moles.
Men agree the eyes say it all.
Men alone possess it.
Men already have power just because they are men living in a male dominated society.
Men already have uncomfortable feelings even before they come into the center.
Men already know how to put things together.
Men also analyze every move in a relationship.
Men also are at risk of breast cancer.
Men also are more likely to catch common bugs that can lurk in undercooked poultry and meat.
Men also are more than twice as likely to play tennis regularly as women.
Men also are most likely to lose weight or to purge by excessively exercising.
Men also are under tremendous pressure to produce.
Men also become less fertile as they get older.
Men also burn more calories than women do during exercise or at rest.
Men also can be prone to osteoporosis.
Men also can be rape victims.
Men also can be victims of domestic abuse but the incidence is significantly lower than for women.
Men also can have breast cancer although it is much less common in men.
Men also can make sure that women get good nutrition.
Men also care more about receiving bonuses.
Men also cheat more than women do.
Men also compete on a single horizontal bar.
Men also control corporate power.
Men also develop anorexia nervosa and bulimia but in far smaller numbers.
Men also develop anorexia nervosa and bulmia but in far smaller numbers.
Men also develop osteoporosis and fractures but at a rate three to four times less than women.
Men also develop osteoporosis but at a later age.
Men also develop the disease although less frequently.
Men also die of heart and lung disease at twice the rate of women.
Men also die several years younger than women.
Men also do pull-ups.
Men also do some hunting and fishing, but neither contribute greatly to the food supply.
Men also dominate physics and engineering courses, according to the association's study.
Men also earn more than women of similar education.
Men also enjoy many aspects of the pregnancy and birth.
Men also enjoy videos of animals eating other animals.
Men also expect larger bonuses and greater stock grants than women.
Men also experience a gradual decline in urinary function.
Men also experience othe r health problems .
Men also experience significant health changes when sex and adrenal hormones decrease with age.
Men also face greater rates than women of violence, health problems, and short life spans.
Men also feel guilt and regret over deceit when an affair ends, but less so than most women.
Men also feel like they sould have their place in the sun right along with the women.
Men also feel more guilty about receiving than they do about giving.
Men also find careers in the victim machine.
Men also follow international affairs and business and financial news at higher rates than women.
Men also get breast cancer, but it is rare.
Men also get breast cancer.
Men also get eating disorders.
Men also get it, although less often than women and usually after middle age.
Men also get lumps and breast cancer, although it is rare.
Men also give a greater share of their income.
Men also harass other men, for example, gay men.
Men also hate taking tests.
Men also have a biological cycle, but it is of shorter length.
Men also have a higher bone density than women.
Men also have a higher death rate than women at all ages.
Men also have a much greater amount of testosterone than females.
Men also have breasts .
Men also have breasts.
Men also have certain wants during the date.
Men also have contractions in the penis during the orgasmic phase.
Men also have flesh and blood bodies.
Men also have hormone imbalances.
Men also have larger brains, but women have more neurons.
Men also have longer arms and stronger upper bodies.
Men also have more and bigger muscle fibers then women.
Men also have more days of in-hospital care then do women.
Men also have more muscle mass than women, so their basal metabolism is higher.
Men also have more of the alcohol metabolizing enzyme, alcohol dehydrogenase.
Men also have more styles from which to choose.
Men also have other problems to worry about such as hair loss, impotency, and kidney stones.
Men also have the right to contract without the interference of government.
Men also have the unique privilege of expecting to willingly give up life to protect others.
Men also have their own broomball team.
Men also have their own special health concerns like prostate cancer.
Men also have to have a fancy car or a hotrod in the garage.
Men also have unmet needs for family planning.
Men also invest in more real estate investment funds, or REITs.
Men also lead the congregation, but the importance of the role of women is recognised.
Men also lead very rich fantasy lives.
Men also like to explore and try new things.
Men also lose bone but at a lesser rate.
Men also love our shop.
Men also love steak,and great big baked potatoes and yummy desserts .
Men also make bamboo and wood furniture and other household items.
Men also make the hormone, but only a small amount.
Men also meet for devotion and plan for the overall men s ministry.
Men also neglect and abuse their skin more than women do.
Men also nurture by providing a financial womb.
Men also pay the price for their shorter life expectancy.
Men also perform better on timed tests.
Men also perform in ceremonies.
Men also play a crucial role in reducing the risk of infection from sexually transmitted diseases.
Men also play football and women play softball and volleyball.
Men also produce about a magnitude more of violent death than females.
Men also produce estrogen by converting testosterone into estrogen.
Men also produce it by changing testosterone into estrogen.
Men also produce it, e.g. during ejaculation.
Men also produce progesterone, but about half a much as women.
Men also produce small amounts of estrogens, as well as much greater amounts of androgens.
Men also race in coxless four and lightweight coxless four.
Men also race in coxless fours and lightweight coxless fours.
Men also react on emotion and impulse.
Men also receive their own listing in a database published in the Asian search engines.
Men also recognize the importance of brand for the quality it represents.
Men also report hot flashes as a result of treatment for prostate cancer .
Men also respond more strongly to the analgesic effects of nicotine.
Men also see how they have a more authentic relationship with their partner.
Men also show hormone-related variations in cognitive function.
Men also smoke cigars on the golf course but also indulge when they go camping, hunting and fishing.
Men also suffer and die under the rule of man.
Men also suffer from eating disorders.
Men also suffer from the highest rate of heart and lung disease.
Men also suffer from the opposite disorder, anorexia , which involves self-starvation.
Men also suffer silently from physical and emotional abuse at the hands of their significant other.
Men also suffer when marriages break down.
Men also take part in yearly outings such as fishing trips.
Men also take such steps, but to a lesser degree.
Men also take their paternity leave.
Men also tend to be more interested in cars, sports, computers and so on.
Men also tend to develop cellulite but more around the abdomen, hips and chest areas.
Men also tend to develop problems from the excess iron at a younger age.
Men also tend to have less total fat, and they have a thicker skin to cover the swollen cells.
Men also tend to have way more men in their dreams than do women.
Men also tend to the animals, trade at local markets, and make family decisions.
Men also turn to cosmetic surgery in hopes of boosting their careers.
Men also use female aliases while communicating online.
Men also use sedge liquid as eyedrops to improve their vision.
Men also use steroids, get their penises lengthened and get pec implants.
Men also use the foundation.
Men also wear a ghutra an iqal on their heads.
Men also wear a kind of leather purse, called a shkara, across their front.
Men also wear lambas over their shoulder.
Men also wear their version of the boubou over trousers and a shirt.
Men also wear three-piece suits, but a tank top is never the third piece.
Men also work as a women's designer or working at the beauty salons.
Men also work in cutting and packing.
Men also work on wood working, and they also work the land.
Men also wrestle with the legacy of an abortion.
Men alter environments.
Men answer calls.
Men apparently are more democratic.
Men appear better able to walk away from a snub because they maintain greater personal distance.
Men appear but briefly in the story.
Men appear more comfortable with their weight and feel less pressure to be thin than women.
Men appear to be affected more often than women.
Men appear to be afflicted more often than women.
Men appear to be coming out of the wood work and every cubby hole.
Men appear to be more sensitive to the detrimental effects of unnecessary weight gain than women.
Men appear to be more vulnerable to bladder cancer than women.
Men appear to get peptic ulcers more often than women.
Men appear to have been pushed aside, perhaps planning their dominance over the world.
Men appear to want women to act like men, and women want men to act like women.
Men apply for mortgages more than women.
Men apply their brains to just about everything except seduction.
Men appreciate fine tailored diamond jewelry.
Men appreciate fine tailored jewelry.
Men appreciate how well it works after shaving, especially with an electric razor.
Men appreciate intrinsic excellence in small things.
Men appreciate technology for what it is.
Men appreciate the verbal and negotiating skills that they learn.
Men approve of premarital sex until daughters are born.
Men are a combination of being and non-being.
Men are a cruel breed.
Men are a different story.
Men are a diverse group of individuals.
Men are a garage rock band from various parts of Australia.
Men are a little bit more subtle.
Men are a little less modest, for the most part.
Men are a little more afraid of women now.
Men are a little more optimistic than women when it comes to enduring romance in a marriage.
Men are a little more subtle.
Men are a lot better at being good to themselves.
Men are a misunderstood lot, which all in all is probably for the best.
Men are a part of women's experiences and women's lives.
Men are a problematic business, a kind of bad weather.
Men are a thankless lot.
Men are a three piece with a DC style that has a soulful sound mellowing it out.
Men are a totally different type of yard sale shopper.
Men are a vital part of our church.
Men are a worthless lot.
Men are able to control the male organs even after becoming sexually excited.
Men are able to detect tumours in the body simply by having an hCG blood test as a woman does.
Men are able to focus on narrow issues and block out unrelated information and distractions.
Men are able to go out and do their thing.
Men are able to see what it is like to be the object of days of planning and a lot of stress.
Men are about as likely to want one as the other.
Men are about five times more likely to be diagnosed with hemochromatosis than women.
Men are about six times less likely to experience violence committed by an intimate.
Men are about three times more likely to complete the act.
Men are about to walk on the moon.
Men are about twice as likely to snore as a woman.
Men are absent in the cities.
Men are accepted for their breadwinning and that is about all.
Men are action-oriented.
Men are actually in the minority.
Men are adults.
Men are adventurous.
Men are advised to feel each testicle , feeling for pea-shaped lumps .
Men are advised to feel each testicle, feeling for pea-shaped lumps.
Men are afraid of being rejected and turned down.
Men are afraid of controversy.
Men are afraid of getting into a fight at the snack stand after a night in the bars.
Men are afraid they'll get bored.
Men are afraid to commit.
Men are afraid to court women for fear of sexual harassment charges.
Men are after stock quotes and sports information.
Men are after the what and where, while women are after the how and why.
Men are all alike in their promises.
Men are all alike when a woman is at the helm.
Men are all alike.
Men are all dogs.
Men are all the bloody same.
Men are all the same.
Men are almost always active in the newsreels.
Men are almost always willing to try new things.
Men are almost twice as likely as women to pursue affairs.
Men are almost twice as likely to have used illegal drugs in the last year or month than women.
Men are almost twice as likely to use the Web to download or transfer files.
Men are along for the ride.
Men are also a large part of the growing crisis in the American family.
Men are also active in the Norman church softball league.
Men are also at risk for attack.
Men are also at risk of developing breast cancer.
Men are also at risk.
Men are also bigger spenders.
Men are also confused about gender and sexuality.
Men are also eligilble for the breast cancer benefit.
Men are also good at intellectualising and abstraction.
Men are also good transmitters of the disease.
Men are also highly programmed to protect their family.
Men are also involved in more fatal accidents.
Men are also less likely to seek medical care than women.
Men are also more at risk than women, the scientists say.
Men are also more likely than women to suffer from excessive exercising.
Men are also more likely to be selected for blood alcohol determination at autopsy than women.
Men are also more likely to develop cardiovascular disease than women.
Men are also more likely to develop oral and throat cancer.
Men are also more likely to have used illegal drugs than women.
Men are also more likely to look up information about political candidates on the net.
Men are also more likely to spend more time online.
Men are also much more likely to experience road rage.
Men are also procrastinators.
Men are also responsible for hunting, weaving, carving, smithing, and smelting.
Men are also somewhat intrigued by women's reaction to their panties.
Men are also subject to sexual assault.
Men are also to blame though.
Men are also very deceptive and manipulative.
Men are also victims of abuse.
Men are also victims of domestic abuse.
Men are also victims of domestic violence, though they usually suffer less physical damage from it.
Men are also victims of rape, and, in many ways face even more barriers than women do in reporting.
Men are also victims.
Men are also welcome and encouraged to attend.
Men are also welcome to attend events and join the group.
Men are also welcome to attend.
Men are also welcome to join.
Men are also welcome to use our resources.
Men are also welcome.
Men are altogether unequal.
Men are always able to defend themselves.
Men are always accussed of rape as well as other things.
Men are always even numbers and women are always odd numbers.
Men are always even numbers, women are always odd numbers.
Men are always in a hurry to have sex.
Men are always interested in younger women.
Men are always ready for sex, are instantly aroused and have great stamina.
Men are always ready for sex.
Men are always ready, willing and wanting sex.
Men are always sincere.
Men are always the guests of women's families.
Men are always the offender and women are always the victims.
Men are always too involved with money and also with their careers.
Men are always welcome to come down for tryouts.
Men are always wicked at bottom, unless they are made good by some compulsion.
Men are amiable and fond.
Men are an absolutely different species.
Men are an acquisitive bunch.
Men are an essential part of the struggle to end sexual assault.
Men are an order of magnitude more likely to commit crimes than women.
Men are an ungrateful race.
Men are analytical and strategic.
Men are ancestors.
Men are angry.
Men are animals.
Men are anxiety-ridden creatures, frightened of the unusual.
Men are anxious to improve their circumstances, but are unwilling to improve themselves.
Men are approximately twice as likely to develop atherosclerosis as equivalent aged women.
Men are apt to mistake the strength of their feeling for the strength of their argument.
Men are apt to play with their healths.
Men are apt to prefer a prosperous error to an afflicted truth.
Men are arrogant, chauvenistic, and oppresive.
Men are artistic.
Men are as capable.
Men are as likely to go for management.
Men are as much receivers as are the women.
Men are ashamed.
Men are assertive.
Men are at a disadvantage in mediation.
Men are at a great risk for heart problems than women.
Men are at a greater risk of stroke than premenopausal women.
Men are at a higher risk for skin cancer than women, usually because of a lack of awareness.
Men are at a much higher risk of getting syphilis than women.
Men are at every corner, but love is nowhere in sight.
Men are at greater risk for heart disease and heart attack.
Men are at greater risk of having antisocial personality disorder than women are.
Men are at greater risk than women.
Men are at higher risk because they are more likely to work outdoors.
Men are at higher risk for brain tumors than are women.
Men are at higher risk for stroke when compared to women.
Men are at higher risk than women for heart failure, although the difference narrows with age.
Men are at higher risk than women for medical problems like heart disease and lung cancer.
Men are at higher risk than women, although the difference narrows with age.
Men are at higher risk than women.
Men are at increased risk for coronary artery disease.
Men are at least four times more likely to die from suicide in the U.S. than women.
Men are at particular risk if they are taking nitroglycerin.
Men are at real risk of serious physical injury.
Men are at risk for developing certain cancers.
Men are at their physical peak for gymnastics in their college years.
Men are aware of the powerlessness that economic dependence breeds in thir female partners.
Men are awful listeners.
Men are back in control, and it's the women who vow obedience.
Men are bad about being rejected.
Men are bad at languages.
Men are bashing up their wives, there s threats and verbal abuse when the men drink.
Men are basically sissies.
Men are basically visual and women are basically relational.
Men are bastards.
Men are beasts in sheeps' clothing.
Men are beasts, and behave that way.
Men are beasts.
Men are beggars in Peru, and beg their bread in California.
Men are bent.
Men are better at findng the way than the average women.
Men are better at fishing.
Men are better at math than women.
Men are better at putting on a front even when they know no more than women know.
Men are better at sneaking around with little cameras.
Men are better at technical jobs.
Men are better at the top and women below.
Men are better at watching TV for long intervals while they punch the buttons on the remote control.
Men are better equipped to fuck around milky tits.
Men are better map-readers.
Men are better mentors for women.
Men are better negotiators.
Men are better off married.
Men are better than cucumbers.
Men are better than women.
Men are better with computers than women.
Men are beyond all hope.
Men are big at second-guessing.
Men are big hat buyers.
Men are bigger crybabies.
Men are biologically the aggressor.
Men are blind to reason and the result of indulging perverted appetite.
Men are blue circles and women are pink squares.
Men are boobs.
Men are boring.
Men are both socially and biologically expendable.
Men are brave and willing to fight for what they believe in.
Men are brave in physical combat.
Men are breathless and hushed.
Men are burly and caucasian unless they are mages, and then they have beards.
Men are business-like in their approach to love making.
Men are business-like in their approach to lovemaking .
Men are business-like in their approach to lovemaking.
Men are but children of a larger growth.
Men are but helpless victims.
Men are but machines, mere robots, to perform stated acts.
Men are but the mind organs of that one man.
Men are by far the more frequent offenders and victims of homicides and aggravated assaults.
Men are by nature changeable, and their moods affect their perceptions.
Men are by nature more aggressive in terms of going out there and doing it, getting it done.
Men are by nature spiritually dead.
Men are calm in a catastrophe.
Men are capable of erections and ejaculation into very old age.
Men are capable of exercising restraint in acting upon sexual urges.
Men are capable of opening their own cans.
Men are capable of, and responsible for, controlling their minds and bodies, just as women are.
Men are cattle.
Men are changeable to in their principles.
Men are charismatic.
Men are charming, and without a blot there.
Men are cheaper than guns.
Men are clearly in the majority in senior teaching positions.
Men are closer to co-equal in relation to children than are women.
Men are coarser, cruder, rougher.
Men are comfortable around dirt.
Men are compassionate and sympathetic.
Men are competitive.
Men are complete idiots who want to pretend to be geeks.
Men are complete without women.
Men are concerned also with how they look and how they smell.
Men are concerned with status and independence, women tend to negotiate and seek consensus.
Men are confused and a little put off by women who want sex.
Men are conservative after dinner.
Men are conservatives when they are least vigorous, or when they are most luxurious.
Men are considered to be the breadwinners.
Men are conspicuously absent from Country.
Men are constantly aware of their trousers.
Men are cool, most of the time.
Men are courageous and heroic, Men stand up for what they believe.
Men are crazy about women who love sex.
Men are created equal, everyone is entitled happiness.
Men are creatures of nature.
Men are creatures with two legs and eight hands.
Men are crippled that way occasionally.
Men are crude.
Men are cruel, they're beasts, they do terrible things.
Men are curious creatures.
Men are cute, too.
Men are dangerous.
Men are dawgs.
Men are dead in their trespasses and slaves to sin.
Men are deceivers ever.
Men are deeply committed to raising up godly young men.
Men are deeply concerned about the moment of first meeting.
Men are dense.
Men are dependable and trustworthy.
Men are descendants from urgent ancestors.
Men Are Different .
Men are different from other men, too.
Men are different from women.
Men are different than women and viva la difference .
Men are different than women.
Men are different to women.
MEN are different when there are only men around.
Men are different, in more ways than one.
Men are different.
Men are difficult to reach.
Men are disinclined to talk, whereas women like to share.
Men are disproportionally the offenders, and women disproportionally the victims.
Men are dogs.
Men are dreamers.
Men are drones, good only for breeding.
Men are dumb.
Men are easier to examine due to having less breast tissue.
Men are easier to track than women.
Men Are Easily Amused.
Men are easily bored with religion.
Men are easy to buy for.
Men are easy to get but hard to keep.
Men are easy.
Men are either destructive monsters or pathetic weaklings who are forced to leave their home.
Men are either filthy exploiters or romantic heroes.
Men are eligible for only ONE team in the men's leagues and ONE team in the coed leagues.
Men are embarrassed about buying tampons, and women are embarrassed about condoms.
Men are embarrassed by hospital gowns, so offer hospital pajamas.
Men are encouraged and women are welcomed.
Men are encouraged to join, be they single or partnered.
Men are entirely destitute of virtue.
Men are equally as complex and perplexing as women are.
Men are equally vulnerable.
Men are equally welcome to participate and advertise their services to our female readers.
Men are equally welcome.
Men are especially encouraged to attend.
Men are especially likely to be working.
Men are essentially good.
Men are essentially puppets on a spiritual string which is tied with emotional and rational knots.
Men are ethnic groups.
Men are even less likely to report forced sexual contact to anyone.
Men are even less likely to report forced sexual contact.
Men are even less useful for testing cosmetics on.
Men are everywhere but no real men are anywhere to be found.
Men are everywhere demanding light.
Men are evil because some are rapists and some are sexist.
Men are evil.
Men are exciting to babies.
Men are expendable.
Men are experts, the pundits, and the people in the know.
Men are extremely cliquish.
Men are faithful, sincere and decent.
Men are familiar with the fate.
Men are far cruder creatures.
Men are far less able to listen to what women are saying than women are to what men are saying.
Men are far less polite.
Men are far more likely than women to be extreme risk-takers.
Men are far more likely to be assaulted by other men.
Men are far more likely to be spared that sort of treatment when they seek help from a doctor.
Men are far more likely to be victimized by a stranger or acquaintance.
Men are far more likely to notice symptoms than women .
Men are far more likely to notice symptoms than women.
Men are far more often the perpetrators of serious injury than women.
Men are far more supportive of military action than women.
Men are far more touchy than women about being criticised.
Men are far more visual than women.
Men are far more vulnerable to women than women can even imagine.
Men are fatherly, women are motherly.
Men are fearless.
Men are fickle, with very short attention spans.
Men are films.
Men are five times more likely than women to commit suicide.
Men are five times more likely to die from drowning.
Men are floppier than women.
Men are fond of going with the stream.
Men are foolish.
Men are fools.
Men are four and one-half times more likely than women to commit suicide.
Men are four times as likely to commit suicide than women.
Men are four times more likely than women to die of suicide.
Men are four times more likely than women to drive after drinking.
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women are.
Men are four times more likely to develop bladder cancer than women.
Men are four times more likely to get bladder cancer than women.
Men are four times more likely to have the disorder than women.
Men are frankly unwelcome in some circles.
Men are free beings with the ability to think, reason, choose, and reject.
Men are free in their choice of costumes.
Men are free to accept or reject the message.
Men are free to act according to their own desires.
Men are free to join fraternities at any time during the year.
Men are free to make their own choices.
Men are free when they are obeying some deep inward voice of a religious belief.
Men are free when they are obeying some deep, inward voice of religious belief.
Men are free-spirited and playful.
Men are freest when they are most unconscious of freedom.
Men are frequently in or establishing relationships with women who have been affected by rape.
Men are frequently the agents, women the recipients, of violent acts.
Men are from cyberspace .
Men are from earth, women are from earth.
Men are from Earth, women are from Earth.
Men are from earth.
Men are from Earth.
Men are from Mars . . .
Men are from Mars and all that jazz.
Men are from Mars and women are from Venus when it comes to communicating.
Men are from Mars and women are from Venus, but there's just been a planetary jump.
Men are from Mars and women are from Venus.
Men are from Mars, and women are from Venus.
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus .
Men are from mars, women are from venus.
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus.
Men are from Mars.
Men are from the Earth.
Men are full of fungus too.
Men are full of it.
Men are funny creatures.
Men are funny like that.
Men are fussier about their food.
Men are generally asymptomatic.
Men are generally at greater risk than women until women reach menopause.
Men are generally at greater risk than women.
Men are generally better at math while women usually excel in English skills.
Men are generally larger and hence have a greater overall amount of bone mass.
Men are generally less likely to pay attention to their sexual health and safety than women.
Men are generally more careful of their horses and dogs than of their children.
Men are generally more concerned of the breeding of their horses than of their children.
Men are generally more often in paid work and have longer working hours than their partners.
Men are generally more rational and reasoning.
Men are generally more threatening than woman.
Men are generally more tolerant of black, white and gray than women.
Men are generally pretty happy to oblige.
Men are goal oriented and programmed to go after their goals.
Men are good at embarrassing themselves with offenses.
Men are good at lifting heavy stuff and fixing shit.
Men are good at lifting heavy stuff and fixing stuff.
Men are good at lifting heavy stuff.
Men are good at lifting heavy things and killing all kinds of bugs.
Men are good at some things.
Men are good at sports.
Men are good at that.
Men are good for lifting heavy stuff and fixing shit.
Men are good friends.
Men are good listeners.
Men are good news for the hair and personal care industry.
Men are good parents.
Men are good, and they are good fun to have sex with.
Men are good.
Men are grass.
Men are greater chancers.
Men are greatly inconvenienced, and even die, because of the choices of other men.
Men are gregarious creatures.
Men are guilty, in other words, until proven innocent.
Men are handsome and manly.
Men are handsome.
Men are happier today because of contemporary gender relationships.
Men are happy according to what they have.
Men are happy to dance with even the worst dancer who is socially active and willing to learn.
Men are happy with bare light bulbs.
Men are hard workers.
Men are hard-wired to overreact to danger.
Men are heavier smokers smoking stronger cigarettes.
Men are helpful, kind and thoughtful.
Men are helpless only when they see themselves as helpless.
Men are here with guns.
Men are here.
Men are highly predatory, whether by nature or nurture.
Men are highly visual when it comes to sex and seeing dozens of naked women can be very stimulating.
Men are honest.
Men are honorable.
Men are hopeless when it comes to women.
Men are horrible drivers.
Men are human and sometimes do things that give mixed signals.
Men are human beings, too.
Men are humanists, humans, humanism.
Men are idle, earnestly wanting work, eager to provide their labour.
Men are ignorant.
Men are important.
Men are impulsive and driven by their sexual desires.
Men are in a thrall to progressively infantile pornographic ethos.
Men are in an ongoing contest, competing with everyone by displaying their competence and skill.
Men are in charge of selling the cattle for the purchase of the beads.
Men are in complete charge of the process.
Men are in crisis.
Men are in for status and action.
Men are in front of the firelight of the TV, women are in the kitchen comparing notes about kids.
Men are in hiding and women are in constant search of real communication.
Men are in prison because they do the things society identify as a crime.
Men are in the archangel position.
Men are in the habit of glorifying men and exalting men.
Men are in the position of the archangel.
Men are in trouble.
Men are inclined to feel more competent than women do in financial matters.
Men are inclined to worship the human spirit.
Men are increasingly aware of their appearance and how they look compared to other men.
Men are increasingly Isolated From Their Families due to work or divorce.
Men are increasingly unable to make the transition from lad to dad.
Men are increasingly unable to support their families alone.
Men are indeed worthless.
Men are independent, agentic.
Men are inherently built for business, they ought to provide for the family - that is normal.
Men are inherently possessors of the characteristics and inclinations of a conqueror-adventurer.
Men are innately more aggressive than women.
Men are inordinately competitive.
Men are insensitive.
Men are instinctually more courageous than women in the face of danger.
Men are interested in family planning.
Men are into aesthetic surgery too.
Men are into openly putting down women if they begin leading.
Men are irresponsible and abusive, preferring riding motorcycles to providing for their children.
Men are jealous and envious of each other.
Men are jealous of their opinions and they cling to their traditions.
Men are just as afraid as women of getting rejected.
Men are just as demanding as children, yet they are supposed to be adults.
Men are just as easily influenced by others as women are.
Men are just as interested in how their suits look.
Men are just as likely as women are to fantisize about having a taboo relationship.
Men are just as likely to be targeted as are women.
Men are just as likely to be victims.
Men are just as vain as women, and sometimes even more so.
Men are just as vulnerable to skin damage as women.
Men are just desserts.
Men are just less likely to be suppressing tears.
Men are just like computers, and a smart woman keeps a backup.
Men are just like little boys with money.
Men are just like women - they want a woman they can belong to, and call their own.
Men are just more comfortable with the idea of character assassination.
Men are just more interested in athletics, whether participating or spectating.
Men are just more vocal about it.
Men are just naturally inquisitive.
Men are just obstinate.
Men are just prettier.
Men are just sex objects apparently.
Men are just the dogs that drink out of it.
Men are just the hardest to buy for.
Men are just themselves.
Men are kind of overwhelmed by how quickly they get turned on, and so just want to do it right away.
Men are largely unaware of the positive measures that can be taken in the area of diet and exercise.
Men are lax in their practice of religion.
Men are lazy and just want to get the job done.
Men are less apt to seek treatment for a disorder.
Men are less chivalrous today because women want to be treated as equals.
Men are less essential as bread winners and less accepted as patriarchs .
Men are less likely than women to be aware of their asymptomatic chronic conditions.
Men are less likely than women to have annual preventive health checks.
Men are less likely than women to have received rape-awareness education.
Men are less likely than women to make unplanned purchases at the supermarket.
Men are less likely to accept criticism or be critical of their own work.
Men are less likely to be involved in volunteer work than are women.
Men are less likely to develop genital warts.
Men are less likely to disciple and nurture others.
Men are less likely to see a doctor or know about their bodies than women.
Men are less likely to seek medical help until symptoms are severe.
Men are less sentimental than women.
Men are less verbal with children than are women.
Men are liars, cheaters, pigs, and insensitive.
Men are Like . . . . . .
Men are Like . . .
Men are like a fine wine They start out as grapes.
Men are like a fine wine.
Men are like animals, but they make great pets.
Men are like bank accounts.
Men are like bees working for the drones.
Men are like bulls, and women are like cows.
Men are like buses.
Men are like cats, in a way.
Men are like cement.
Men are like chocolate bars.
Men are like clouds, shifting hither and thither in the sky with the change of the winds.
Men are like coffee.
Men are like computer programs, smart women always keep a back up.
Men are like computers - Hard to figure out and never enough memory.
Men are like computers - hard to figure out and never have enough memory.
Men are like computers.
Men are like coolers.
Men are like copiers.
Men are like economy.
Men are like fine wine.
Men are like fire and women are like water.
Men are like firemen.
Men are like fires.
Men are like fish is a new thinking model for love.
Men are like fish.
Men are like flat figures cut in black paper.
Men are like Geneva watches with crystal faces which expose the whole movement.
Men are like gum anyway.
Men are like guns.
Men are like helmets.
Men are like high heels.
Men are like horoscopes.
Men are like little creatures.
Men are like newborn babies.
Men are like old car tires.
Men are like oreos.
Men are like paper cups - both are dispensable.
Men are like parking places, the good ones are all taken, and the rest are handicapped.
Men are like pet dogs.
Men are like pillows.
Men are Like Placemats - they only show up when there's food on the table.
Men are like plastic wrap.
Men are like plungers - They spend most of their lives in a hardware store or in the bathroom.
Men are like plungers - they spend most of their lives in a hardware store or the bathroom.
Men are like plungers.
Men are like por- table heaters that snore.
Men are like portable heaters that snore.
Men are like power tools.
Men are like programs.
Men are like puppies.
Men are like remote controls.
Men are like road kill.
Men are like roses.
Men are like rubber bands.
Men are like shag carpets.
Men are like skittles taste the rainbow.
Men are like small children.
Men are like snack's.
Men are like soap operas.
Men are like steel.
Men are like strong lions.
Men are like suckling babes, creatures of habit who cling to their habits.
Men are like tampons - stick em in, then throw em out when they get old.
Men are like teeth.
Men are like that.
Men are like their boats.
Men are like vacations - they never seem to be long enough.
Men are like vacuum cleaners.
Men are like wine, some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Men are like wine.
Men are Like.
Men are likely to do more browsing in the Internet as a whole.
Men are likely to emphasise intellect, power, aggression, money, or social status.
Men are likely to emphasize intellect, power, aggression, money, or social status.
Men are likely to experience problems with sexual function.
Men are likely to have a problem with incontinence as they grow older.
Men are likely to pick up on one or two very salient and obvious kinds of cues.
Men are likely to wear a suit coat almost anywhere.
Men are little involved in direct child care or housework.
Men are little.
Men are logical, women are emotional.
Men are long-suffering and always on the losing end.
Men are lovers of themselves.
Men are lovers.
Men are lowdown, sneaky, sons of bitches when it comes to love and commitment, D writes.
Men are lucky in many ways.
Men are lucky in that respect.
Men are lucky in that they can choose waist and length sizes for a better fit.
Men are lucky to get a shelter bed once or twice a month.
Men are lucky.
Men are Mad who write in such an Age.
Men are males.
Men are mammals and women are femammals. . .
Men are mammals and women are femammals.
Men are managers of women's affairs.
Men are many but breath is one.
Men are men and they never cry.
Men are men and women are different than men in many ways.
Men are men in that they are unlike women.
Men are men.
Men are merely to be manipulated.
Men are mildly autistic.
Men are more able to ignore symptoms, which can delay medical treatment.
Men are more able to keep tasks separate.
Men are more able to separate sex and love, at least that's what they sometimes say.
Men are more abstract and women more caring and flexible.
Men are more abstract, women more caring and flexible.
Men are more accepting of casual sex.
Men are more accepting.
Men are more active than women.
Men are more aggressive and competitive than women.
Men are more apt to be mistaken in their generalizations than in their particular observations.
Men are more apt to negotiate, console, cry.
Men are more apt to say brown is one of their favorite colors.
Men are more apt to seek treatment for problems related to their sexual functioning than are women.
Men are more at risk than women.
Men are more aware of their access speed.
Men are more base.
Men are more bilingual in Spanish than women.
Men are more bilingual than women.
Men are more black and white in their thinking.
Men are more capable in power - they know how to do things properly.
Men ARE more capable than women of being pastors.
Men are more closed than open.
Men are more comfortable when babes are babes, wives are wives and mothers are mothers.
Men are more comfortable with their flab.
Men are more concerned with fiscal restraint.
Men are more confident of women's equality than women.
Men are more conscious of gender differences than are women.
Men are more courageous than women in accepting new tasks.
Men are more crippled in their delusions about what a relationship is supposed to be.
Men are more curious what they put into a new vessel than into a vessel seasoned.
Men are more detached and objective, while women are more subjective.
Men are more dominant and implicitly aggressive.
Men are more eager for casual sex while women are more cautions and want relationships.
Men are more eloquent when they suffer in silence.
Men are more fashion conscious and women have more buying power.
Men are more focused when shopping online.
Men are more free to have the wife and the kids and go around.
Men are more gallant.
Men are more imaginative and women are better technically.
Men are more immediately courageous.
Men are more inclined to think the government spends too little than are women.
Men are more individualistic, while women are more social.
Men are more inhibited by angry women and less comfortable with emotional confrontation.
Men are more intelligent than women.
Men are more interested in sex than in love.
Men are more interested in treatment.
Men are more interested than are women in the next president attacking the economy and taxes.
Men are more interesting.
Men are more intuitive than women.
Men are more involved in family and home care responsibilities.
Men are more involved with cash crops, rice, coffee and tea.
Men are more inwardly focused.
Men are more irritating.
Men are more jealous than women.
Men are more knowledgeable about their companies' salary review policies.
Men are more likely overall to bid at an auction.
Men are more likely than women to abuse children.
Men are more likely than women to be assaulted by an intimate partner.
Men are more likely than women to be both victims and perpetrators of homicide.
Men are more likely than women to be crime victims, especially young, Black or Hispanic men.
Men are more likely than women to be smokers and heavy smokers.
Men are more likely than women to be the victims of violence.
Men are more likely than women to be victimized by a stranger or casual acquaintance.
Men are more likely than women to choose ''publisher'' as their career destination.
Men are more likely than women to drink alcohol on or near the water.
Men are more likely than women to earn a college degree.
Men are more likely than women to engage in leisure or sports activities.
Men are more likely than women to experience role conflicts.
Men are more likely than women to get calcium stones, and genes play a role as well.
Men are more likely than women to have an extramarital affair.
Men are more likely than women to have been off cigarettes for five or more years.
Men are more likely than women to have high income.
Men are more likely than women to live in other institutions.
Men are more likely than women to own their homes.
Men are more likely than women to perceive they have a career.
Men are more likely than women to rate physical activity as very easy.
Men are more likely than women to shoot themselves in the head.
Men are more likely than women to show signs of infection.
Men are more likely than women to spend their rebates.
Men are more likely than women to suffer from heart disease.
Men are more likely than women to suffer from sleep apnea.
Men are more likely than women to suffer from substance abuse and personality disorders.
Men are more likely than women to think they're smarter about stocks than other people.
Men are more likely than women to travel to Canada's borders and become refugee applicants.
Men are more likely than women to use illicit drugs.
Men are more likely than women to value the part-time job experience for kids.
Men are more likely to actually kill themselves.
Men are more likely to assign the task and then put it out of mind, providing less for follow-up.
Men are more likely to attempt suicide than women are.
Men are more likely to be addicted gamblers than women.
Men are more likely to be affected by the symptoms of haemochromatosis.
Men are more likely to be affected than women.
Men are more likely to be apple-shaped than women.
Men are more likely to be compulsive gamblers than women.
Men are more likely to be hurt on the job than women.
Men are more likely to be in the labor force and to work more hours per week.
Men are more likely to be involved in team sports and to figure as spectators at sporting events.
Men are more likely to be misdiagnosed with schizophrenia.
Men are more likely to be problem gamblers than women.
Men are more likely to be shown as celebrities, workers, or professionals.
Men are more likely to become alcoholic and woman are more likely to become clinically depressed.
Men are more likely to become depressed when they have chronic pain.
Men are more likely to become pathological gamblers than women.
Men are more likely to blame unnatural weight loss on physical, rather than psychological problems.
Men are more likely to commit suicide than women, and young men are a particular risk group.
Men are more likely to commit suicide than women.
Men are more likely to conceal their disordered eating.
Men are more likely to deny that that they have a problem with eating and body image.
Men are more likely to develop cancer of the pancreas than are women.
Men are more likely to develop gouty arthritis than women.
Men are more likely to develop high blood pressure at a younger age than women.
Men are more likely to develop high blood pressure than women.
Men are more likely to develop hypertension as compared to women.
Men are more likely to develop knobby bumps on the nose, called rhinophyma.
Men are more likely to develop lip cancer than women.
Men are more likely to develop the disease than women.
Men are more likely to develop, and die from, cancer than women.
Men are more likely to die in the week before their birthday.
Men are more likely to die of kidney disease than women.
Men are more likely to die of the disease than women.
Men are more likely to enact as adults the violence they have observed or experienced as children.
Men are more likely to experience industrial arsenic exposure than women.
Men are more likely to experience industrial exposure.
Men are more likely to experience insomnia.
Men are more likely to experience symptoms of chlamydia, but they, too, are sometimes asymptomatic.
Men are more likely to fantasize about someone with whom they want only to have sex than are women.
Men are more likely to favor capital punishment than are women.
Men are more likely to get a urinary tract infection if they have an enlarged prostate gland.
Men are more likely to get it than women.
Men are more likely to have a melanoma on their backs.
Men are more likely to have a problem with incontinence as they grow older.
Men are more likely to have cardiac catheterization than women.
Men are more likely to have gout than women.
Men are more likely to have heart disease and cancer.
Men are more likely to have melanomas on the trunk and they present with melanomas of greater depth.
Men are more likely to have nail fungus than women.
Men are more likely to have sexual fantasies more frequently than are women.
Men are more likely to have the disease, but the death rate for men and women is about the same.
Men are more likely to initiate sexual activity.
Men are more likely to initiate touch with others than are women.
Men are more likely to interrupt women than they are to interrupt other men.
Men are more likely to interrupt women than to interrupt other men.
Men are more likely to meet such criteria than women.
Men are more likely to mix alcohol and depression.
Men are more likely to notice symptoms of chlamydia and gonorrhea than women are.
Men are more likely to own a gun for hunting, and women for protection.
Men are more likely to play rough.
Men are more likely to prefer a vodka-based citrus beverage or liquor straight up.
Men are more likely to present with inguinal lymphadenopathy in the second stage of the disease.
Men are more likely to purchase underground commodities than women.
Men are more likely to receive pensions.
Men are more likely to remarry than women although the gap has narrowed.
Men are more likely to retire as a result of early retirement incentive packages than are women.
Men are more likely to roughhouse.
Men are more likely to see themselves as lone figures in a strange world.
Men are more likely to show clear symptoms of STDs.
Men are more likely to smoke than women.
Men are more likely to snore than women.
Men are more likely to stay at a site in an unfamiliar language than are women.
Men are more likely to suffer a heart attack than women, and smokers more than nonsmokers.
Men are more likely to suffer accidents, injuries on the road and workplace incidents.
Men are more likely to suffer from anorexia nervosa.
Men are more likely to suffer heart attacks than women.
Men are more likely to support the death penalty, but again, majorities of both sexes support it.
Men are more likely to switch from one sexual fantasy to another in the same fantasy than are women.
Men are more likely to take computer training to obtain a position with a new company.
Men are more likely to teach at the secondary and tertiary levels and to be administrators.
Men are more likely to think they are having a heart attack than women.
Men are more likely to turn inward, to founder.
Men are more likely to turn to alcohol or suicide.
Men are more likely to turn to alcohol.
Men are more likely to use violent suicide methods.
Men are more likely to visit sites in which they are personally interested.
Men are more likely to volunteer in programs related to alcohol abuse.
Men are more likely to work for newspapers and magazines.
Men are more logical and less emotionally inclined than women.
Men are more looking at the social aspects.
Men are more macho and have bigger egos, generally speaking.
Men are more obedient at first to words than ideas.
Men are more obsessional than women.
Men are more often guilty of aggressive driving than are women.
Men are more often symptomatic than women are.
Men are more often symptomatic than women.
Men are more often the power positions of organizations.
Men are more often the victims of hooliganism and women, more often victims of fraud.
Men are more oriented toward the sexual act itself.
Men are more persistent in their pursuit of inquiry.
Men are more physical with children, invoking criticism by some female teachers.
Men are more powerful in the universe than they can imagine.
Men are more powerful than gorillas.
Men are more pro-abortion than women because it's their quick way out of a problem.
Men are more prone to carbuncles than women.
Men are more prone to gout than women.
Men are more prone to lust.
Men are more prone to take chances and move out in unexplored areas.
Men are more pushed to succeed.
Men are more realistic.
Men are more relaxed, friendly and natural.
Men are more relaxed.
Men are more reluctant to seek help.
Men are more reticent to go to the doctor than women are.
Men are more sentimental than women.
Men are more sentimental the women.
Men are more shy about discussing their physical well-being.
Men are more subject to violent behavior and abuse of drugs, including alcohol.
Men are more subject to violent behavior, alcoholism, and drug abuse.
Men are more successful and talk longer.
Men are more successful than women.
Men are more susceptible than women.
Men are more susceptible to flattery than women.
Men are more susceptible to gout than women.
Men are more susceptible to heart disease than women .
Men are more susceptible to heart disease than women.
Men are more systematic and woman are more empathetic.
Men are more than four times as likely as women to commit suicide.
Men are more than twice as likely as women to die of unintentional injuries.
Men are more than twice as likely as women to report such behavior.
Men are more than welcome to believe that women are equal.
Men are more than welcome.
Men are more than willing to allow women to take the lead in spiritual matters.
Men are more truthful than women.
Men are more vindictive, truly.
Men are more violent and cause more harm.
Men are more violent by nature than women.
Men are more violent, women more nurturing.
Men are more visual and they show intimacy and closeness though sex.
Men are more visually oriented than women, deriving arousal stimulus from what they see.
Men are more vulnerable than women in terms of their isolation from others.
Men are more vulnerable to cancer and heart disease.
Men are more vulnerable to contracting syphilis.
Men are more willing to do that for some reason.
Men are more willing to place career goals above personal satisfaction.
Men are more willing to take risks.
Men are mortal.
Men are most apt to believe what they least understand.
Men are most at risk for injury, disease and early death.
Men are most comfortable in light weight slacks and shorts and open neck shirts.
Men are most likely dead by now.
Men are most likely to lose weight or to purge by excessively exercising.
Men are most satisfied with receiving oral sex, giving oral sex, and giving anal sex.
Men are most useful to each other who are mutually ruled by the laws of reason.
Men are most welcome at Take Back the Night.
Men are mostly at fault for rising incivility in the workplace.
Men are mostly in the desert with their herds while the women keep home fires warm.
Men are much better with separating sex and love than women are.
Men are much easier to satisfy.
Men are much easier to sell to.
Men are much less likely than women to be widowed.
Men are much less likely to develop urethritis.
Men are much less shy about speaking up in meetings and interviews.
Men are much more activity orientated whereas women like to talk about emotions.
Men are much more aggressive and go for the jugular.
Men are much more at risk of heart disease than women.
Men are much more efficient at putting away groceries than women are.
Men are much more interested in hardware and action.
Men are much more interested in rank than women are.
Men are much more likely than women to expect such a shift.
Men are much more likely than women to own guns.
Men are much more likely then women to go bald.
Men are much more likely to be affected than women.
Men are much more likely to conceal their disease, thus are less lkikely to be diagnosed.
Men are much more likely to have symptoms than women.
Men are much more likely to hold two work-place jobs.
Men are much more likely to hold two workplace jobs.
Men are much more likely to read sports news than women are.
Men are much more likely to take another wife if their first wife is infertile.
Men are much more negative in their appraisal.
Men are much more visual than women and most often pictures or videos are part of their fantasy.
Men are much more willing to say yes if they have the freedom to say no.
Men are much worse at holding pain than women, by far.
Men are narrower in the pelvis than women.
Men are naturally barbarians.
Men are naturally better in math than women.
Men are naturally better than women at mechanical things.
Men are naturally bigger and stronger than women.
Men are naturally competitive, physically and mentally.
Men are naturally competitive.
Men are naturally protective.
Men are naturally selfish.
Men are naturally self-serving and dangerous.
Men are naturally slow-witted.
Men are nearly three times more likely to develop the disease than are women.
Men are never impotent.
Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it freely.
Men are never victims of sexual abuse.
Men are never victims of sexual assault.
Men are nicotine soaked, beer besmirched, whiskey greased, red-eyed devils.
Men are nine times more likely to die in a boating accident than women are.
Men are nine times more likely to die in a boating accident than women.
Men are no better than women and vice versa.
Men are no good.
Men are no longer in control.
Men are no longer satisfied with the traditions of the ancients.
Men are no longer the dominant force on the Web.
Men are nothing without morale.
Men are nothing.
Men are notorious for resisting guidance and direction.
Men are notoriously hesitant to seek psychological treatment, particularly for body-image disorders.
Men are notoriously poor at cultivating and maintaining close friendships with other men.
Men are now almost as likely as women to take sick leave for family-related reasons.
Men are now at the forefront of fashion.
Men are now more cautious of what they do around their co-workers.
Men are now more reluctant to wear suits.
Men are now totally irrelevant.
Men are of darker complexion and wear a short rumal on their heads.
Men are often bad, but babies never are.
Men are often capable of greater things than they perform.
Men are often crippled for life either physically or emotionally.
Men are often drunk and abuse their wives and children.
Men are often great imitators of evil.
Men are often hard-pressed to show their feelings.
Men are often in charge of handing out such things as food, water, firewood, and sheets.
Men are often larger than women and require more nutrients.
Men are often less afraid of death than of enduring effort toward one goal.
Men are often less direct in knowing what they want than women.
Men are often more able to separate sex from the emotional relationship.
Men are often more patient and sympathetic to delays.
Men are often the ones who decide when a woman's condition is serious enough to seek medical care.
Men are often troubled like the sea of Galilee.
Men are often uncomfortable at first with the thought of injecting their penis.
Men are often uncomfortable when they come into early childhood centers.
Men are often uneasy participating in counselling.
Men are often victims too.
Men are on average, taller, stronger, and faster than women.
Men are on the decline.
Men are on the first floor, and women on the second.
Men are on the left half, women on the right, with seven age ranges for each sex.
Men are on their own.
Men are one and a half times more likely to die from an asthma attack than women.
Men are only men.
Men are only partly spiritual, because they have a body.
Men are only responsible for their own sins.
Men are open about watching a woman's body, admiring it and looking it up and down.
Men are open and expressive.
Men are opposed to family planning and want more children than their partners .
Men are optional.
Men are organizers.
Men are our loved ones.
Men are out there, but some have been burned too many times.
Men are over represented across all age groups and all causes of injury.
Men are overly flattering and complimentary, women too hot to handle it seems.
Men are overly prone to violence.
Men are overwhelming over-represented in positions of power in natural resource based industries.
Men are overwhelmingly dominant in the community and the family.
Men are overwhelmingly the victims of violence and homicide, a health issue to be sure.
Men are overwhelmingly the victims.
Men are part of checkers.
Men are part of draughts.
Men are part of the club.
Men are part of the problem, and they are also part of the solution.
Men are particles, women are waves.
Men are particularly poor at washing up after using the facilities.
Men are particularly sensitive and defensive about sexual difficulties.
Men are passionate, but they also want to showboat and try to out do the other player.
Men are passionate.
Men are patient.
Men are peacemakers and negotiators.
Men are people.
Men are perfectly capable of being nurturing, caring, loving caregivers for our children.
Men are performance oriented and motivated.
Men are perpetrators.
Men are philanthropic and generous.
Men are philosophical.
Men are physically able to compete at higher levels and it is natural.
Men are physically bigger and stronger than women.
Men are physically incapable of such pleasure.
Men are physically larger and stronger than women.
Men are physically stronger and by nature man is often more aggressive and externally oriented.
Men are physically stronger.
Men are pigs, they always go for the hot chicks.
Men are pigs.
Men are planners and forward thinkers.
Men are pleased with our prices, our selection and the promotions.
Men are possest.
Men are powerless against the beautiful angels.
Men are practical.
Men are predominant in competitive, risk-taking jobs in finance or with machinery.
Men are prepared to be associate pastors as well as music ministers.
Men are pretty concrete and very utilitarian.
Men are primarily concerned about their prostate health.
Men are primarily responsible for getting food to our tables.
Men are primarily responsible for providing for their wife and children.
Men are primarily responsible for the transportation of commercial goods.
Men are probably nearer the central truth in their superstitions than in their science.
Men are professors, women are women professors.
Men are prone to boasting and successful men have become experts in self promotion.
Men are prone to classify sin little or great, black or gray, mortal or venial.
Men are prone to exhibit rajasic qualities like anger and hatred.
Men are prone to use force in such an extreme case.
Men are proof of reincarnation.
Men are psychologically and physically suited to child rearing, caring, and nurturing.
Men are pussy-whipped.
Men are quiet, and the moon shines in the same way.
Men are quieter, more intellectual.
Men are quite different from women.
Men are quite happy wearing the same clothes over and over again.
Men are quite welcome if accompanied by a convincing-looking lesbian.
Men are randier and more promiscuous than women.
Men are rather soft and dreamy and moody.
Men are rats.
Men are reactionary.
Men are real suckers for it.
Men are really bad communicators.
Men are really good at being information centers.
Men are really very hardy creatures.
Men are receptive to the gospel in most countries.
Men are relative newcomers to household common sense.
Men are reluctant to accept what is easy to grasp.
Men are reluctant to compete with women.
Men are reminders of the business of the birthmark.
Men are resilient.
Men are resourceful, adaptable and flexible.
Men are responsible for building and fishing, women for farming.
Men are responsible for clearing the fields for planting and practice some nominal hunting.
Men are responsible for farming, working the plows, and carrying rice bundles after the harvest.
Men are responsible for land preparation, irrigation, fertilizer application, and marketing.
Men are responsible for much of the violence in the world.
Men are responsible for plowing, building houses, and fighting during wartime.
Men are responsible for providing fuel wood for cooking.
Men are responsible for purchasing a class manual, notebook, and reading materials.
Men are responsible for their kids just as much as women are.
Men are responsible for what goes on during sex.
Men are responsible only for their voluntary acts.
Men are responsible.
Men are responsibleonly for their voluntary acts.
Men are rich only as they give.
Men are ridiculous.
Men are right to be angry.
Men are romantic, and love what they conceive to be virtue and beauty.
Men are rude at work when they have a woman in the mix.
Men are scared and frustrated.
Men are scared of losing their privacy.
Men are scarier than boys.
Men are scrubs, women are some form of poultry, and everybody is creeping.
Men are scum.
Men are seen as the head of the households and the breadwinners.
Men are self-centered.
Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with super heroes.
Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with superheroes.
Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with superheros.
Men are self-determining centers of decision free enough to act in response to religious ananke.
Men are selfish.
Men are self-reliant and independent.
Men are sensitive in strange ways.
Men are sensitive too.
Men are separate from women and children in the service.
Men are seven times more likely to be rude or insensitive to underlings than to superiors.
Men are sevsitive in strange ways.
Men are sex addicts by nature.
Men are sexual beings.
Men are shallow creatures that act on the simplest of urges.
Men are shameless.
Men are shell-shocked.
Men are shit.
Men are short on zinc and magnesium.
Men are sick of institutions.
Men are significantly more likely to have purchased goods or services over the Internet than women.
Men are significantly more positive about beginning the mediation process than women.
Men are silent because if they speak they are vilified.
Men are silly.
Men are simple souls.
Men are simple things.
Men are simple.
Men are simply more visible in public than women.
Men are simply too emotional to be ordained.
Men are slaves, servants and guinea pigs of every scientific dog trail.
Men are slightly more commonly affected than females.
Men are slightly more likely than women to have multi-infarct dementia.
Men are slightly more likely than women to pay for access themselves.
Men are slightly more likely than women to report being overweight.
Men are slightly more likely to be fans of professional wrestling than are women.
Men are slightly more likely to develop pancreatic cancer than women.
Men are slightly more optimistic, and Black respondents quite a bit more optimistic.
Men are slightly more susceptible to hiccups than women.
Men are slime.
Men are slow learners.
Men are smart.
Men are smarter than women.
Men are so annoying and patriarchal.
Men are so blind that they even take pride in their blindness.
Men are so decent, such regular chaps.
Men are so demoralized in our feminist culture they push women to work.
Men are so expressive.
Men are so forgetful.
Men are so friendly, good natured and kind.
Men are so funny, so stubborn.
Men are so interesting.
Men are so logical.
Men are so much more powerful that women.
Men are so naive lactating tits.
Men are so pig-headed.
Men are so predictable.
Men are so quietly attached, they really feel loss, and they have to grieve.
Men are so transparent.
Men are so typical, high tempered and barbaric.
Men are so weird.
Men are social and always willing to lend a hand.
Men are social creatures.
Men are socialized from birth to perform it, especially through behavior and symbolism.
Men are solely responsible for war.
Men are solid, stoical and firm.
Men are solution-oriented.
Men are sometimes absent, sometimes patronizing and sometimes abusive.
Men are sometimes disdainful of nature.
Men are sometimes pigs or asses, but cats are always cats.
Men are somewhat more likely to vote than women.
Men are somewhat more likely to want another child than women are.
Men are souls located in minds that physically deteriorate with age four times faster than women.
Men are special.
Men are spending more money on plastic surgery than in the past, the authors continue.
Men are sperm makers.
Men are spiritual and corporeal.
Men are spiritual.
Men are spontaneous, direct creatures.
Men are still a majority, but women are becoming more and more of a force in the e-commerce world.
Men are still behind in the cellulite olympics, but they are rapidly closing the gap.
Men are still men and women are still women in more than one respect.
Men are still men and women love it.
Men are still men.
Men are still more likely to log on to the net than women.
Men are still nine.
Men are still only human and are subject to failure.
Men are still predominantly in government, in politics.
Men are still reluctant to kiss a member of the same sex.
Men are still violent and wicked.
Men are strange.
Men are strip searched by women guards constantly and no one cares or objects.
Men are strong and like to lift things to prove it.
Men are strong and women are weak.
Men are strong.
Men are stubborn like that.
Men are stubborn.
Men are stupid about knives.
Men are stupid and women are crazy.
Men are stupid, women are crazy.
Men are stupid.
Men are subject to legalized extortion.
Men are subject to more violent behavior, alcoholism, and drug abuse.
Men are subject to sexual rumors, too.
Men are subordinates.
Men are such aggressive, violent creatures.
Men are such children when it comes to that.
Men are such fools.
Men are such idiots, because they think they are the only cheaters.
Men are such idiots.
Men are such pigs.
Men are such whiners.
Men are suckers for the epic and have no trouble creating on a monumental scale.
Men are superior and many women are abused by their husbands.
Men are superior to women .
Men are superior to women.
Men are supposed to be providers, women get pregnant.
Men are supposed to have sex with women to reproduce and keep the human race going.
Men are susceptible to violent acts from women.
Men are suspicious of other men, and women of both men and women.
Men are taller and stronger, women are fatter and slower, and so on.
Men are taller than women.
Men are taller, stronger and have a much better selection of swear words to choose from.
Men are taller.
Men are ten times more likely than women to be the victims of fatal accidents.
Men are ten times more likely to be canonized than women.
Men are tender and gentle.
Men are the aggressors, but they are also the enticers - both the chasers and the chased.
Men are the alligator's biggest predator.
Men are the biggest fools when they think they are wise.
Men are the biggest victims of crime.
Men are the cause of it, and women and children are the ones who suffer.
Men are the creatures who leave after breakfast and return at dinnertime.
Men are the decision makers, explorers, and rescuers.
Men are the enemy here.
Men are the exclusive cultivators and consumers of coca, tobacco, and hallucinogens.
Men are the fall guys in Waitress.
Men are the farthest thing from a real lesbian's mind.
Men are the fragile sex, by most measures, according to a British researcher.
Men are the gatekeepers of power . .
Men are the heads of their families, but women have ways of having their say in family matters.
Men are the highest creation of nature.
Men are the huge majority of our politicians in power.
Men are the main customers.
Men are the main income earners and decision-makers.
Men are the maintainers of women.
Men are the more deceptive sex.
Men are the most important entities in every landscape.
Men are the most important resource of any organisation.
Men are the most likely victims.
Men are the most vulnerable to visual images.
Men are the natural leaders of, and providers for, the family.
Men are the ones constantly bombarded by half-naked Hollywood honeys.
Men are the ones protected by monogamy while women continue to be victims of men s desires.
Men are the ones protected by monogamy while women continue to be victims of men's desires.
Men are the ones protected by monogamy while women continue to become the victim of men's desires .
Men are the ones who change.
Men are the ones who have it tough.
Men are the ones who move events.
Men are the only male mammals fascinated by breasts in a sexual context.
Men are the only ones authorised to proclaim the good news.
Men are the only ones who travel outside and trade their locally grown and manufactured goods.
Men are the only other sex.
Men are the oppressors limiting women to their reproductive roles.
Men are the providers, say envangelical Protestants.
Men are the pursuers.
Men are the reason that women hate one another.
Men are the root of all women's problems.
Men are the rulers of each village, however women are their nightly protectors.
Men are the sensibility of the ten thousand things.
Men are the source of that, in their literature, culture, behavior.
Men are the spiritual leaders of the family in other Europe.
Men are the suicide sex.
Men are the sum of the decisions they make.
Men are the thinkers and fixers.
Men are the typical customers in auto parts stores, and women frequent supermarkets more regularly.
Men are the undisputed owners of assets and are the primary decision-makers.
Men are the voyeuristic or fetishistic viewers.
Men are the wannabes.
Men are the weavers of textiles.
Men are the worker-bees of humanity.
Men are the working breadwinners.
Men are the world's explorers and inventors.
Men are their biggest customers.
Men are their enemy.
Men are their own worst enemy.
Men are their worst enemies.
Men are therefore more likely to infect others through sharing unsterilized equipment.
Men are therefore often guilty of the sin of abortion.
Men are three or four times more likely to commit suicide than women.
Men are three times as likely as women to complete suicide.
Men are three times as susceptible to kidney stones as women .
Men are three times more commonly affected than women.
Men are three times more likely than women to develop the disease.
Men are three times more likely than women to get bladder cancer.
Men are three times more likely than women to have a protected wage job.
Men are three times more likely to be victims of homicide.
Men are three times more likely to commit suicide than women.
Men are three times more likely to develop actinomycosis than women.
Men are three times more likely to develop esophageal cancer.
Men are three times more likely to get bladder cancer than women.
Men are three times more likely to have abdominal aortic aneurysms than women.
Men are three to five times more likely than women to be diagnosed with esophageal cancer.
Men are three to five times more likely to get the disease.
Men are three to six times more likely to commit suicide than women.
Men are to be enjoyed, used, and never taken seriously.
Men are to be given the finances, regardless of who in the relationship is better with money.
Men are to be initiators.
Men are to be pastors of their homes.
Men are to be pushed toward the exercise of power and toward the fear of impotence.
Men are to be right in the middle of raising children with their sleeves rolled up.
Men are to be saved by being provided with a better environment.
Men are to be self-sacrificing for women.
Men are to be sensitive to their wives.
Men are to be suspected.
Men are to be the directors and managers of their household.
Men are to be the heads of households and in a functional position of authority over their wives.
Men are to be the heads of their home and be the sole provider.
Men are to be the leaders both at home and at church.
Men are to bring their caps to practice.
Men are to choose life.
Men are to dwell with wives with understanding.
Men are to give honor to their wives.
Men are to have the final authority over their children as well as their wives.
Men are to lead in prayer.
Men are to meet in the afternoons in qat sessions.
Men are to some extent as well, but in a somewhat different way.
Men are to treat women with a great deal of love, trust and understanding.
Men are to wear a solid white shirt with a collar.
Men are to wear a tie while student teaching.
Men are to wear no earrings during working hours.
Men are to wear shirt and tie.
Men are to wear suits with a draw-string that can be tied.
Men are today economically the subject of the capitalist.
Men are tolerant and accepting of others.
Men are tolerated.
Men are too embarrassed to talk about it.
Men are too emotional to vote.
Men are too excited to focus on bodily sensation.
Men are too, but no one likes to talk about it.
Men are traditionally in charge of the food and water distribution.
Men are traditionally less keen, unless they're fetishists who enjoy wearing rubber or leather.
Men are traditionally responsible for the heavy work in the rural villages.
Men are trained to be dominators, women to be subordinates.
Men are trouble.
Men are truly among the brainwashed.
Men are twice as lik e ly as women to suffer traumatic brain injuries.
Men are twice as likely as women to develop a cancer in the mouth and throat region.
Men are twice as likely as women to develop stomach cancer.
Men are twice as likely as women to experience clinical depression.
Men are twice as likely as women to get stomach cancer.
Men are twice as likely as women to infect their partners.
Men are twice as likely as women to surf the Web at least once a week.
Men are twice as likely than women to get stomach cancer.
Men are twice as likely to be classified as well off or fairly well off as women.
Men are twice as likely to invest in the stock market as women, according to the study.
Men are twice as likely to nod off as women.
Men are twice as likely to purchase from technology retailers or financial service sites than women.
Men are twice as likely to sleep more.
Men are twice as likely to suffer the disorder.
Men are two to three times more likely than women to have certain types of skin cancers.
Men are typically asymptomatic but have been shown to be the primary cause of infection to others.
Men are typically heavier, and have a higher BMI and larger organs than women.
Men are ugly and lumpy.
Men are ultimately responsible for controlling themselves sexually in dating situations.
Men are ultimately responsible for ensuring that the family eats at socially accepted levels.
Men are unable to go shopping alone also.
Men are uncomfortable with emotion.
Men are under increasing pressure to meet the ideal body.
Men are under stress today in our society as never before.
Men are under the same restrictions as women.
Men are understandably confused.
Men are uneasy taking on a role that women scorned loudly a generation ago.
Men are unlikely to regularly examine their breasts.
Men are unlikely victims of violence.
Men are unnecessary.
Men are unreliable.
Men are un-weighted softwood.
Men are unwise and curiously planned.
Men are urged by their ideas to acquire the command over nature.
Men are useless.
Men are usually broad at the shoulders and narrower at the hip area than women.
Men are usually happy to have a woman take the initiative when the occasion arises.
Men are usually more comfortable in lavalava at home, though trousers are common for work in town.
Men are usually more likely to have heart attacks at a younger age than women.
Men are usually more objective, women more subjective.
Men are usually more successful than women, but women have more attempts.
Men are usually more tolerant of the bullying, and refuse to admit there is a problem.
Men are usually more upset about the lack of a vote or influence over when they ejaculate.
Men are usually older when diagnosed, and psychological factors often delay effective treatment.
Men are usually responsible for hunting and fishing.
Men are usually robed in black while the mourning colors for women is white.
Men are usually surprised by the degree and intensity of anger in their souls.
Men are usually the head of the household.
Men are usually the ones that go for the lingerie.
Men are usually well disposed towards doctrines which they can readily understand.
Men are utterly sluggish, even in their greatest dangers.
Men are vaguely aware of some short people living in the house.
Men are vaguely conscious of an impending crisis in the life of humanity.
Men are vain about their feet.
Men are valuable just in proportion as they are able and willing to work in harmony with other men.
Men are vastly more aggressive and violently criminal than are women.
Men are very aggressive and eye contact can be an invitation for unintended contact.
Men are very confident people.
Men are very different from women in a lot of ways, and therefore have different health needs.
Men are very easy to please.
Men are very fragile little honeys.
Men are very goal-oriented.
Men are very simple creatures.
Men are very visual.
Men are very welcome in the Marriage Forum.
Men are very wise to have checks and balances for their own thoughts.
Men are vicious in that place.
Men are victims of homicide at about twice the rate of women.
Men are victims of violence far more often than women are.
Men are victims, too.
Men are violent' is the message.
Men are violent to other men.
Men are violent, but women are manipulative.
Men are visual creatures.
Men are visual.
Men are vulnerable to sports zombification for yet another reason.
Men are warm, sensitive, caring, and communicative.
Men are warm, sensitive, caring, communicative.
Men are warriors.
Men are weak and after only one thing.
Men are weak and unnecessary.
Men are weak, and it is sad that they divide amongst themselves.
Men are welcome also.
Men are welcome as guests.
Men are welcome as support members.
Men are welcome as well as women.
Men are welcome everywhere, women go where they are welcome.
Men are welcome here, but women take the primary role in shaping the community.
Men are welcome in all other parts.
Men are welcome in the Kingdom of God.
Men are welcome to apply.
Men are welcome to attend all functions.
Men are welcome to attend and listen.
Men are welcome to attend even if only for a portion of the meeting time.
Men are welcome to bring their partners to discuss pertinent issues during appointment hours.
Men are welcome to come,also.
Men are welcome to contribute in the name of women.
Men are welcome to join the list if they have something relevant to say about women in music.
Men are welcome to join.
Men are welcome to offer their services.
Men are welcome to our special events, such as eating and listening to special speakers.
Men are welcome to partake in discussions.
Men are welcome to participate by providing meals, child care, funding, moral and financial support.
Men are welcome to participate if they choose.
Men are welcome to sign-up at the gate depending on seating availability.
Men are welcome to sit in, too.
Men are welcome to submit as well.
Men are welcome to work in any capacity but acting.
Men are welcome too.
Men are welcome, provided they can behave decently.
Men are welcome, too.
Men Are Welcome, Too.
Men are welcome.
Men are well balanced emotionally and women are strong yet understanding.
Men are what they are.
Men are willing slaves to a woman's beguiling charms.
Men are willing to be dead, if they can only be dead in a pile.
Men are willing to die to exact revenge.
Men are wise and understanding.
Men are wiser when they are younger.
Men are without excuse.
Men are witty.
Men are wolves,women are hawks.
Men are women here.
Men are workers.
Men are worried about how many years they have left, women how many they have had.
Men are wrong.
Men are young and vibrant one second and blown to bits the next.
Men are, as a fact of biology, more aggressive and prone to violence than women.
Men are, essentially, creators , and women nurture the things that men create.
Men are, for the most part, ignored in our society.
Men are, in a certain sense, the weaker sex.
Men are, in fact, mutant women.
Men are, therefore, banned to wear it.
Men are, well, silent and detached.
Men arent the only ones who have no idea who they are or how they can find out.
Men argue, nature acts. - Voltaire.
Men argue, nature acts.
Men arrive at conclusions.
Men arrive early, sit in a front pew and piously begin meditating.
Men arrive in muddy boots and sneakers and shiny, tasseled loafers.
Men arrive who take the dogs away.
Men arrogate too much to themselves when they think that they excel in anything.
Men ask about it.
Men ask parents.
Men ask women to dance and women ask men equally.
Men assume a more passive role but still provide financial care.
Men assume the standard push up position with their legs straight.
Men attempt to interpret women's emotions.
Men attempt to steal from store vendors.
Men attend clinics.
Men attend infertility clinics.
Men attend the first weekend and women attend one week later.
Men average out at five feet four inches tall.
Men Avoid fads and high fashion.
Men avoid it, hate it, fight against it.
Men bathe once a week.
Men bear more of the taint of original sin than do women.
Men bear their heads.
Men beat daughters.
Men become advocates of that which they most fear.
Men become aware that physical safety is of great concern to women.
Men become climbers.
Men become doctors or dentists.
Men become dwellers.
Men become erect during each of their REM sleep cycles.
Men become excellent through nature, habit and reason.
Men become fathers.
Men become hardened in sin and lose all sense of shame.
Men become husbands.
Men become husbands.
Men become hypertensive earlier and more frequently than women.
Men become irritable with their children.
Men become leaders.
Men become less and less capable of seeing the truth and walking in it.
Men become men.
Men become more civilized day by day.
Men become more concerned about developing diseases.
Men become more of a niche demographic every time another woman logs on.
Men become more physiologically aroused, particularly if they are so close that they touch.
Men become more radiant and sensually alive.
Men become more vexed.
Men become older.
Men become partial to green neckties and the ladies to green dresses.
Men become scum, women become wounded ducks, wilting under the unfair social pressures of the world.
Men become sexually stimulated visually.
Men become very upset, even violent, at an instance of sexual indiscretion by a mate.
Men begin by seeking happiness and are content at last with peace.
Men begin in early boyhood to buy and sell, to make bargains, and to learn the value of money.
Men begin the chants at dawn.
Men begin to accept one another.
Men begin to appear in dull grays and browns, An ugly contrast to the snow and trees and colors.
Men begin to become more liable for their roles in sexual assault towards women.
Men begin to domesticate cattle.
Men begin to encourage one another.
Men begin to recover from their addictions physically, spiritually, psychologically and socially.
Men begin to wear stiff collars.
Men begin to weave at the age of seventeen or eighteen years.
Men Behaving Badly is on right now, and turning the family hour no less.
Men Behaving Badly springs to mind.
Men behaving sadly Depression is an illness that affects both men and women.
Men being scummy is a universal, international thing.
Men believe according to the secret aspirations and desires of their nature.
Men believe required study hall is an effective tool.
Men believe that commitment is important and that it is too easy to leave relationships.
Men believe that fate controls their lives.
Men believe that it won t happen to someone they love.
Men believe that their financial worth reflects their inner worth.
Men believe that women are capable of casting spells and they sometimes carry evil spirits.
Men believe that women are incapable of doing anything well by themselves.
Men believe that women expect a little force when it comes to sex.
Men believe the pornography, in which the women always want it.
Men believe they own their women.
Men believe they take the lead, but actually mostly women do.
Men believe they weighed almost five pounds less than their actual weight.
Men believe women are interested in controlling many aspects of the relationship.
Men belonging to particular clans or ritual societies gather inside for ceremonial purposes.
Men bet more than women.
Men bind other men in order to try to free themselves only to find that they, too, are in bondage.
Men blame their own lives for a deficiency in the culture.
Men blinded by sin vainly rush into the marketplace to try to get rich.
Men born to freedom are naturally alert to reject invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers.
Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repeal invasion of thier liberty by evil-minded rulers.
Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers.
Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evilminded rulers.
Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasions of their liberty by evil-minded rulers.
Men bow their heads and women curtsy when the softly melodic king's anthem ends.
Men bring deep-rooted attitudes towards women to pornography.
Men bring their favorite birds here and show off to their friends.
Men bring two-liter brand name soft drink.
Men build canoes.
Men build for the future.
Men build houses, women build homes.
Men build houses.
Men build organizations according to their own human ideas.
Men build the sun shelters they use for eating and entertaining while tending cattle.
Men build walls about themselves and feel secure within their narrow confines.
Men burst in the front and back doors.
Men buy and sell in order to make financial gains.
Men buy animals.
Men buy black and red books.
Men buy clothes and ladies shop.
Men buy computer items and pornography.
Men buy guns to protect themselves from evil forces.
Men buy it for the raunchiness.
Men buy it.
Men buy more ties than any other article of clothing.
Men buy trivial items such as fancy cars and entertainment centers.
Men call for an end to the evils of prejudice, discrimination and hostility.
Men call from jail, asking for legal advice.
Men call it delegating.
Men can accompany their partners to meet with a family planning counselor or health worker.
Men can acquire the same attributes as well when they put on a dress.
Men can add a sports coat and sweater, or a polo shirt or two.
Men can add their personal profile and picture for the women to browse as well.
Men can also be bad drivers.
Men can also be harsher.
Men can also be the victim of women in rape.
Men can also be the victims of a drugged drink.
Men can also be victims of breast cancer.
Men can also be victims of rape, too, but fewer than five percent know the hell it can be.
Men can also become members of a society of mediums or priests.
Men can also benefit from learning about women's bodies.
Men can also benefit from progesterone.
Men can also benefit from viewing themselves from a woman's perspective.
Men can also change their minds.
Men can also compromise their future baby's health.
Men can also create an illusion by working the chest and upper body to create a V shape.
Men can also develop a nipple discharge or changes in the skin of the nipple.
Men can also develop asymptomatic bacteriuria.
Men can also develop breast cancer, but it is very unusual.
Men can also develop dangerously weak bones as well.
Men can also ejaculate without having the sensations of orgasm.
Men can also enjoy using vibrators on themselves, with or without a partner.
Men can also experience fluctuations in hormone levels and thus, unexpected hair growth.
Men can also feel jealous of their wife's time with the infant.
Men can also get LS though it is a lot less common.
Men can also have an artificial testicle, called a prosthesis , placed in the scrotum.
Men can also have an artificial testicle, called a prosthesis, placed in the scrotum.
Men can also help their female partners to use birth control by becoming involved.
Men can also perform monthly testicular self exams.
Men can also practice using condoms during masturbation, either while alone or with a partner.
Men can also reduce their cancer risk by exercising.
Men can also run into trouble.
Men can also suffer as victims of rape.
Men can also take advantage of a prostate screening.
Men can also try the ayurvedic herb, ashwaganda, or the Chinese tonic herb, ho shou wu.
Men can also use cleansing gels to shave with.
Men can also use it as a general blood tonic.
Men can also ware panty hose or spandex pants.
Men can always be blind to a problem as long as it's big enough.
Men can always find jobs as construction workers or coolies at the docks, but it's bloody hard work.
Men can always increase their reproductive success by philandering.
Men can and do control violent and sexual urges.
Men can and do dance.
Men can and do develop eating disorders.
Men can and do go through some of the same hardships that women go through.
Men can and usually do buy their shirts straight out of the package.
Men can apply for benefits for their children.
Men can arouse women greatly by acting sexy.
Men can avoid delays by learning the symptoms of imminent delivery and of delivery complications.
Men can be a little bit more subtle.
Men can be and are abused.
Men can be and are sexually assaulted every day.
Men can be and are victims of domestic violence.
Men can be as skilled at parenting as are women, and many men are.
Men can be equally sensitive.
Men can be fairly clueless.
Men can be fathers in their eighties and nineties.
Men can be feminists.
Men can be great cheerleaders much in the same way women make great athletes.
Men can be like that.
Men can be more difficult to buy for than women, but there are no fewer choices out there.
Men can be peculiar creatures.
Men can be prone to the condition following prostate surgery.
Men can be so romantic sometimes.
Men can be squeamish about earthy stuff like labor and delivery, episiotomies and lactation.
Men can be such bitches.
Men can be such jerks.
Men can be survivors of sexual violence and harassment as children and as adults.
Men can be susceptible to the six-pack tyranny.
Men can be to other men as the shadow of a great rock in a thirsty land.
Men can be trendy in all ages and with all lengths of hair.
Men can be vain, too.
Men can be very critical and judgmental of the women in their life.
Men can be very religious and yet great sinners.
Men can be victims and women can be perpetrators.
Men can be victims of rape and have the same rights to counseling and legal action as woman do.
Men can be victims of rape and have the same rights to counseling and legal action as women do.
Men can be victims of rape and have the same rights to counseling and legal action that women do.
Men can be victims too.
Men can be victims, but it is rare.
Men can be victims, too.
Men can be women, and women men.
Men can be, and are, nurses and secretaries.
Men can be, and are, sexually assaulted.
Men can be.
Men can become enamored with miracles.
Men can become fathers during that time, however.
Men can become humble, truthful, loving, helpful, forgiving and kind.
Men can become incontinent as a result of prostate surgery.
Men can become infected during sexual intercourse.
Men can become involved in increased traffic accidents and violence associated with alcohol use.
Men can behave every bit as reprehensibly as women, though they go about it differently.
Men can benefit from simple applications of makeup before a shoot to even skin tones.
Men can benefit in the same way from the same surgical techniques.
Men can benefit just the same.
Men can blow up buildings, and they can be nowhere near the crime scene.
Men can bring their own tux or on many ships, rent one on board for the formal nights.
Men can build bridges, houses, and even very tall buildings.
Men can buy nice presents.
Men can buy social-marketing condoms along with other goods.
Men can capture backwards or forwards.
Men can carry acorns to increase their sexual attractiveness and prowess.
Men can carry candidiasis.
Men can carry germs without symptoms.
Men can carry the protozoa in the urethra or prostate but usually have no symptoms.
Men can carry vaginitis infections without symptoms.
Men can catch yeast infections from women.
Men can celebrate strong women.
Men can certainly be supportive during pregnancy.
Men can certainly explore feminism in ways that are constructive and practical.
Men can challenge sexism in the culture.
Men can choose to stay home with the children.
Men can climb in a boat and seed influences afar.
Men can come for three to eight days of retreat depending on their schedule.
Men can consume only if they labor, and then only as much as their labor has produced.
Men can continue to be fertile throughout life.
Men can control their own life.
Men can control their sexual impulses.
Men can control their sexual urges.
Men CAN control themselves.
Men can dance.
Men can deceive themselves and be honestly unaware of it.
Men can develop breast cancer but it is one hundred times less common than in women.
Men can develop breast cancer too.
Men can develop breast cancer, although the number of reported cases are few.
Men can develop breast cancer, too.
Men can develop breasts, have pain while urinating, and become impotent and sterile.
Men can develop heart disease around middle age.
Men can develop low sperm counts.
Men can develop the disease through frequent contact with a female partner who has been infected.
Men can develop the disease through frequent sexual contact with an infected female partner.
Men can develop the disease, but do so ten to fifteen years later than women.
Men can disagree on matters of opinion and maintain godly conduct.
Men can do anything that women can do in nursing.
Men can do it.
Men can do math stuff.
Men can do math.
Men can do nothing to save themselves.
Men can do peer education to change the attitudes of other men.
Men can do porn for decades, but the average screen-life of porn actress is four to six years.
Men can do the same with testosterone, the natural male hormone.
Men can dress in pants, shorts, and in general in sport or informal clothes.
Men can drink, smoke, socialize, and play cards here.
Men can drop fat faster.
Men can easily engage in sex without love or commitment.
Men can easily separate love and sex.
Men can either wear a suit or a sweater or a blazer.
Men can ejaculate during sexual intercourse or by masturbation .
Men can ejaculate during sexual intercourse or by masturbation.
Men can empower themselves by appropriating the bathroom as their space.
Men can encourage their partners to seek help from a health care provider if side effects occur.
Men can endure great pain.
Men can engage in a wide variety of volunteer opportunities offered by our council.
Men can even be girls.
Men can even burn soup.
Men can even join the team, although none have tried out yet.
Men can experience atrophy of the testes, reduced sperm count, and abnormal breast growth.
Men can experience cloudy penile discharge and painful urination.
Men can experience decreased fertility, and reduction or absence of sex drive.
Men can explore the female realm and women vis versa.
Men can fake orgasms too.
Men can father at most any age, depending on their willingness to parent.
Men can father children into their eighties.
Men can feel appreciated, instead of criticized by their wives.
Men can feel 'pregnant,' too.
Men can fight on the court in practice and then go out and have a beer.
Men can find everything wrong with the old one, when a new one is a possibility.
Men can find no way out.
Men can find same-sex partners easily in clubs and on the streets.
Men can find the way to eternal salvation and attain it in any religion.
Men can fix the car.
Men can generally lift more weight.
Men can get a 'vasectomy'.
Men can get all that by going on a patrol.
Men can get breast cancer, although it is very rare.
Men can get breast cancer, but females are much more likely to be diagnosed with it.
Men can get breast cancer.
Men can get by with three pairs of trousers, four shirts, a jacket and a sweater.
Men can get embarrassed buying any kind of lingerie for their other half.
Men can get infections in the penis, prostate gland or urethra.
Men can get infections in the urethra or prostate gland.
Men can get it too, as well as serve as carriers.
Men can get nothing but land use rights.
Men can get the same effect by wearing it on their throat.
Men can get together to share their experiences with others who are in the same situation.
Men can go for yellow, hunter green or baby blue.
Men can go here and pick out clothes they want without any charge.
Men can go only so far.
Men can go through hormonal changes also.
Men can grow the pastures greener, Till all the earth is Pasadena.
Men can handle rakes.
Men can harass men, women can harass women, women can harass men and men can harass women.
Men can have a blood test.
Men can have a full expression of their humanity, just like women.
Men can have a 'real legit voice', and a beautiful sound.
Men can have breasts too.
Men can have burning or pain when they urinate.
Men can have difficulty to assume their role as partner and potential father.
Men can have discharge from the penis and a burning feeling with urination, or no symptoms at all.
Men can have facial hair.
Men can have great sex, but kids have to suffer with poor hearing.
Men can have it too.
Men can have little or no sperm or have defective sperm.
Men can have many mo re.
Men can have osteoporosis too.
Men can have perfectly normal sexual relations after being treated for cancer of the testicle.
Men can have perfectly normal sexual relations.
Men can have problems.
Men can have sex with as many women as they like.
Men can have sex.
Men can have swelling or pain in the testicles.
Men can have the same problems.
Men can have their beards treated and reduce hair re-growth.
Men can have their nails manicured and buffed.
Men can have thyroid disease, but most thyroid patients are women.
Men can have truth or lies, which they prefer.
Men can help in the battle against eating disorders.
Men can hold any volunteer position, including leader and co-leader.
Men can join too.
Men can join, too.
Men can just walk up to the first tee and see who comes along.
Men can keep a confidence.
Men can keep their bones healthy and lower their risk for osteoporosis with a healthy lifestyle.
Men can keep track, stay informed and continue dialogue with health care providers.
Men can kiss men, women can kiss women.
Men can learn about how gender schemas work to stifle their personal life.
Men can learn from women and become better leaders themselves.
Men can learn how to make prolonged love for over an hour, for several hours.
Men can learn how to orgasm without ejaculating.
Men can learn only through women who happened to be their partner.
Men can learn to be as good nurturers of children as women.
Men can learn to be nurturing and loving, and women can learn to be assertive and empowered.
Men can learn to be playful, open, relaxed and loving.
Men can learn to move with some of the simple aerobics steps.
Men can leave their jackets and ties at home.
Men can leave their ties and ladies their cocktail attire at home.
Men can live as long as women.
Men can look forward to prostrate cancer and counting fat grams.
Men can look good too.
Men can look wherever they please.
Men can lose sight of any flat surface within hours.
Men can make a wealth profession from playing professional sports.
Men can make estrogen their whole lives, while women's estrogen levels plummet after menopause.
Men can make good secretaries.
Men can make things change for better or for the worst.
Men can marry younger women that s socially acceptable.
Men can move only in single file where the path is so narrow.
Men can never be free.
Men can never escape being governed.
Men can never forget how to make nuclear weapons.
Men can never fully know what it is like to be a woman.
Men can no longer act as the principal providers.
Men can no longer hide behind pornography as harmless fun.
Men can now function longer, better and in a more reliable way.
Men can now live in Phoenix and commute to Rockford, Illinois.
Men can often get along without any of that.
Men can often get new arms and legs through the army.
Men can often think things are fine if there are no big arguments.
Men can only block men, and women can block anyone.
Men can only pray to have it.
Men can only relate to others externally, as beings physically separated from oneself.
Men can only respond one of two ways.
Men can only sexually harass women.
Men can open their own cans.
Men can orgasm without tiring ejaculations.
Men can pass the disease to other men and women.
Men can perpetuate sexism, but women can too.
Men can pray and preach, wives and children can be members of the service.
MEN can present with hyperplasia or adenomas of parathyroid glands.
Men can prevent it and women can take steps to reduce their vulnerability to it.
Men can probably be comfortable wearing a sport coat and blue shirt and a nice pair of slacks.
Men can pull off sequins, and women can pull off construction helmets.
Men can raise their price by becoming an indoor 'escort'.
Men can read for themselves the qualities women look for in a man.
Men can read smaller print than women, but women can hear better.
Men can read smaller print than women, women can hear better than men.
Men can read smaller print than women.
Men can receive evaluation from a specialist called a urologist.
Men can recover from sexual abuse trauma as thoroughly as women.
Men can regain weight and muscle.
Men can register as part of a team or as individuals.
Men can register at any post office or register now on-line .
Men can register at any post office, or online.
Men can register at any post office, or register at any post office, or register on line .
Men can register at any post office, or register now on line.
Men can register at any post office, or register now online .
Men can register at any post office, or register now on-line.
Men can register at any post office, or register on-line .
Men can register at any post office, or register on-line over the Internet.
Men can register on-line , or at any post office.
Men can relate to it.
Men can relax and talk with people who have similar concerns.
Men can relax if they think their equipment is a little lacking in the size department.
Men can relive their youthful dreams of being a fighter pilot, or just to fly among the stars.
Men can rent tuxedos.
Men can restrain themselves.
Men can run international organizations and businesses.
Men can say the foulest things and no one cares, but women have to act all prim and proper.
Men can shave with electric shavers in the lav or in their seat.
Men can shed the tie and switch to open collars or knitted tops with dress pants.
Men can shovel more sand in an hour than women.
Men can show some leg now and again, but ought never be nude.
Men can shower, have their clothes laundered, and enjoy a safe, clean, drug-free environment.
Men can sleep on anything sprawled anywhere.
Men can starve from lack of self-realization as much as they can from lack of bread.
Men can still have orgasms and ejaculate with a flaccid penis.
Men Can Stop Rape.
Men can stop the violence against women if they want to.
Men can stretch it out by working four days a week over six months.
Men can strut about in public naked from the waist up.
Men can suffer from the trauma associated with eating disorders just as readily as women can.
Men can support their girlfriends.
Men can support women in ministry in numerous ways.
Men can surf the web while going about their business.
Men can t believe how physical the racing is.
Men can t help it if they behave horrendously.
Men can t pack a bag to save their lives.
Men can t stop themselves when sexually aroused.
Men can take a negative comment and use it or lose it.
Men can take one dark suit, a few dress shirts, and a choice of ties.
Men can take the responsibility.
Men can talk to trained advisors and so can any family or friends.
Men can tame every animal but no man can tame the tongue.
Men can tell if it is simply a mechanical act that the woman hopes to cut short.
Men can think in a mess.
Men can think, feel, and sympathize with each other through their favorite author.
Men can train themselves to last longer and overcome premature ejaculation.
Men can treat women very badly.
Men can turn going to the grocery store into a game.
Men can unlearn victim-blaming ideologies.
Men can urinate in a jar of cool water.
Men can urinate in public as long as they face away from people.
Men can use it as an after shave.
Men can use it on their faces and necks.
Men can use just as many tools and gadgets in the kitchen as they can on the workbench.
Men can use medicine or oil in their penis.
Men can use their masculinity as a powerful force for change.
Men can usually just provide their jacket size.
Men can walk into a public bathroom and women have to wait in line.
Men can wear a tie bar and cuff links.
Men can wear black suits, white shirts and complimenting ties.
Men can wear earrings now, and necklaces, and some even go so far as to have long hair.
Men can wear either a dark suit or a tuxedo, but no sports jackets please.
Men can wear jackets any time, and many men did.
Men can wear khaki pants, polo-style shirts or sweaters, shirts without ties and loafers.
Men can wear shorts without shirts.
Men can wear suits.
Men can wear support socks by the same manufacturers.
Men can wear tights or skirts in competition.
Men can wear tuxedos, which can be rented on-board, or they can choose to wear a suit and tie.
Men can wear very lightweight sport coats, tie, and light cotton slacks.
Men can wear vibrant ties with red, cobalt blue and burgundy.
Men can wear vibrant ties with red, cobalt blue, and burgundy.
Men can Weave the Ring with both hands behind their back or hanging naturally at their sides.
Men can write too.
Men can, and are, raped by women.
Men can, and do, defend women's bodies, both online and in real life.
Men can, however, act as teachers or organisers.
Men can, if they want, put their wallet in a front pocket rather than the back pocket.
Men care about boys.
Men care about preventing unintended pregnancies.
Men care about small boys.
Men care about the number of places available to put that sperm.
Men care about their dicks.
Men care about women.
Men carouse in their youth, smoke, drink and chase women.
Men carry a great responsibility.
Men carry a stretcher and bundles.
Men carry almost anything on their backs to make a living.
Men carry burdens on their heads, women on their shoulders.
Men carry charge.
Men carry food.
Men carry most of their weight around their middle.
Men carry shotguns and women lock their bedroom doors.
Men carry the primary responsibility for a godly society.
Men carve, and are perhaps best known for their decorated kava bowls and animal carvings.
Men catch frogs.
Men catch glimpses.
Men catch predators.
Men catch the odd catfish or bass to supplement wages as laborers when work can be found.
Men categorize themselves by setting stereotypes for men.
Men certainly can suffer from insulin insensitivity, too.
Men change minds.
Men cheat because of power.
Men cheat for adventure.
Men cheat on good women with bad women.
Men check out every girl.
Men cheer people up when they are down.
Men choose attire.
Men choose food.
Men choose physical labor as compared to women who take more 'caring' jobs.
Men choose the programmes, women watch in silence.
Men choose their girlfriends and their wives.
Men choose to engage in sex with other men and women with women.
Men choose to obey or reject baptism in water.
Men claim to be professionals who work out every day in the gym.
Men clamber over the side, into the water and into launches that have been cleared from the ship.
Men clear the land of trees, construct the homes, and care for the livestock.
Men clepen hem sereyns in France.
Men click a lot more often.
Men close out season at home with loss.
Men close the stockade's gates.
Men collect honey and use bows and arrows to hunt a variety of game animals.
Men collect samples.
Men collect stuff to trade.
Men comb their hair, squeeze their blackheads, retie their neckties.
Men come along at different speeds.
Men come and go like the waves of a sea.
Men come and go like the waves of the sea.
Men come and go like waves of the sea.
Men come and go, like waves of the sea.
Men come and go.
Men come and wait as their beans are weighed and gather in groups, women in other groups.
Men come at different times in their lives.
Men come from all over the civilized world to the United States for higher education in dentistry.
Men come from behind better than women do for example.
Men come from homes.
Men come from monkeys.
Men come from the dark and take the Ammo off.
Men come in all shapes and sizes.
Men come in and sign-up.
Men come in their half-tons and feed trucks.
Men come into offices.
Men come off much worse than women, but few people come off well.
Men come out of doors.
Men come to look, to see they most prefer.
Men come to understand and consider problems one piece at a time.
Men come together and decide what they want and the dream keeps taking on new shapes.
Men come together to live.
Men come with the women.
Men coming from work ditch the suit jacket and tie immediately.
Men commit almost all the violence.
Men commit more violent crime than women.
Men commit most stalking.
Men commit suicide three times more frequently than women do.
Men commonly congregate beneath it in an area called mojong .
Men commonly exaggerate the theme.
Men commonly have more than one wife.
Men commonly make the mistake of being overly critical of their wives.
Men commonly say goodbye with a kiss or a hug.
Men commonly smoke.
Men commonly wear western-style cotton shirts and slacks.
Men communicate by means of language.
Men communicate differently.
Men communicate directly.
Men communicate to show others their abilities and talents, or to gain respect.
Men compare marriage to a business, an army, and war.
Men compensate for their frustrated libido with nasty remarks.
Men compete against men.
Men compete against women, although most of the riders are female.
Men compete at the club level in volleyball and rugby.
Men compete for the most accurate individual uniform.
Men compete in baseball, basketball, cross country, golf, American football, soccer and tennis .
Men compete in basketball, baseball, wrestling, soccer, and track.
Men compete in basketball, track, cross country, tennis, golf, soccer and baseball.
Men compete in both sprint canoe and kayak.
Men compete in chuckwagon races.
Men compete in Division III basketball, volleyball, cross-country, soccer, and tennis.
Men compete in eight sports and women in seven.
Men compete in fancy, traditional and grass categories.
Men compete in football, basketball, baseball, soccer, track, cross-country, golf, and tennis.
Men compete in football, basketball, baseball, track and field, and cross country.
Men compete in football, basketball, cross country, indoor and outdoor track, tennis, and golf.
Men compete in soccer, golf, basketball, and baseball.
Men compete in traditional, fancy and grass dances.
Men compete x in football, basketball, baseball, track and field, and cross country.
Men compete, get along, and move on with few emotions, but women break down, get emotional.
Men compete, get along, and move on with few emotions.
Men compete, women compare.
Men complain about the heat in church, too.
Men complain of sexual incompatibility in order to excuse poor performance.
Men complain, too, but it suits an image to blame women.
Men comprise about five percent of the nursing workforce nationally, and that number's going up.
Men comprise one-sixth of the nation's single parents.
Men comprise the largest membership group, closely followed by female memberships at second.
Men connect by doing things.
Men connect it with the idea of absolute perfection.
Men conserve much more conscientiously what is their own than what belongs to others.
Men consider almost anything justifiable in order to survive.
Men consider health.
Men consider ideas.
Men consider it a symbol of the good life to be served.
Men consider physical appearances of women important.
Men consider women simple-minded and easily persuaded.
Men considering vasectomy and their partners now want to know about long-term side effects.
Men consistently know more about a wide range of issues than women.
Men constitute the majority of the killers and killed.
Men construct the towering cane and tapa cloth masks.
Men consume alcohol.
Men consume alcoholic beverages.
Men consume amounts.
Men consume beverages.
Men consume fructose.
Men consume fruit.
Men consume meat.
Men consume proteins.
Men consume red meat.
Men consume rice.
Men consume soy proteins.
Men consume vegetables.
Men consuming high-fat diets typically have elevated levels of testosterone in their blood.
Men contemplate the silicon climate.
Men continually produce sperm, day in and day out, throughout their lives.
Men continue to abuse the women with whom they are intimate in epidemic proportions.
Men continue to be paid more than women, for comparable work as well as for the same work.
Men continue to do their business through the old-boys network.
Men continue to far outnumber women in their rate of alcohol arrests.
Men continue to outearn women in the logistics field.
Men continue to outnumber women at the doctoral level.
Men continue to retain control of superintendencies and principalships.
Men continue to see themselves in the traditional role of the provider.
Men continue to smoke more than women, though the gap is closing.
Men continue to work on the bridge daily installing conduit.
Men contribute to the local economy by raising goats, sheep, chicken, and cows.
Men control the world.
Men control themselves in America, but change completely when they return to their own country.
Men convey the authority and leadership necessary for school administration better than women do.
Men cook on the line because it s hard work.
Men cooperate in society because it is mutually advantageous.
Men crave for worldly happiness.
Men create academic environments.
Men create environments.
Men create government.
Men create homes.
Men create laws to protect others.
Men create life without women.
Men create problems.
Men create the demand and women are the supply.
Men create the demand.
Men create the words and meaning for the culture, allowing expression of their ideas.
Men create weapons of mass destruction because of hubris, arrogance, and sadly, evil.
Men cross Canadian women less frequently than their legs.
Men cross their legs at the knee.
Men cross their legs far less frequently than women do.
Men cruise the hallways clad in nothing but towels.
Men cry in the battlefield, especially when it rains.
Men cry out in silence.
Men cry out 'the blacks are coming'.
Men customarily build their presidencies around their strengths.
Men customarily wear white or light-colored turbans.
Men dance the reel in either soft or hard shoes, and women dance in soft shoes.
Men dare to leave home to brave life in the outside world.
Men dare to think.
Men deepen spiritually by using a road map.
Men deeply love their wives.
Men define the norm for defining knowledge.
Men define themselves in large part by the work they do.
Men define themselves sexually.
Men degrade themselves by imitating female luxury.
Men deliver romance, then they get sex.
Men demonstrate achievement.
Men demonstrate activities.
Men demonstrate their deep concern for boys by careful preparation of story messages.
Men demonstrate their interest by visiting more frequently the houses they prefer.
Men depart the compound carrying traps, bows, and arrows.
Men depend more on sight, in most cases.
Men describe events.
Men deserve only to gaze upon beautiful, voluptuous women where ever they look.
Men deserve the same right.
Men deserve to be pampered also.
Men deserve to be worshipped as they shit.
Men desire the beauty and erotic nature of Asian women and our nude Asian women are just that.
Men despise it.
Men despise responsibility.
Men det blev f rst s ingen ockultation.
Men det er stadig for sjov.
Men det fixar sig s kert.
Men det kommer vel p et eller andet tidspunkt.
Men det personliga uttrycket har djupnat.
Men det tager tid.
Men det var inte det jagg ville.
Men det var litt godt.
Men det vil kreve mykje av oss som personar.
Men determine the sex of the baby.
Men determine the sex.
Men develop a strong loyalty to violence.
Men develop brain abscesses twice as often as women.
Men develop characteristics.
Men develop eating disorders mainly for the same reasons why women do.
Men develop fevers.
Men develop high fevers.
Men develop osteoporosis and osteoporotic fractures about a decade later than women do.
Men develop prostate cancer in later life when their testosterone levels drop.
Men devise methods.
Men didn t learn aggression as one of the tactics of the sex war.
Men didn t look at each other in the face.
Men die after car crashes.
Men die after crashes.
Men die alone, in shacks behind their homes.
Men die and worlds are smashed, but the wars go ever on.
Men die but sorrow never dies.
Men die by the score.
Men die by the thousands.
Men die daily, but imperfectly, at night when they lay themselves on their bed and fall asleep.
Men die earlier and at higher rates for most cancers.
Men die earlier than women from all fifteen of the leading causes of death.
Men die earlier while women experience greater burden of disease and disability in older age.
Men die every day, unnoticed except by loved ones and friends.
Men die far younger than women in Mexico.
Men die for freedom.
Men Die For It.
Men die from suicide at four times the rate of women.
Men die in a construction accident.
Men die in conflict, bathed in blood and greed.
Men die in just months after exposure.
Men die more often than women from syphilis .
Men die more often than women from syphilis.
Men die of boredom, psychological conflict and disease.
Men die of causes.
Men die of fright and live of confidence.
Men die of illnesses.
Men die of natural causes.
Men die of prostate cancer later in life, while women die of breast cancer at younger ages.
Men die of prostate cancer.
Men die or are injured in fires almost twice as often as women.
Men die or are injured in fires nearly twice as often as women.
Men die or are injured in fires twice as often as women.
Men die seven years before most women.
Men die six years younger than women.
Men die when they retire, women retire when they die.
Men die younger than women, and that translates into quite a large differential mortality burden.
Men die, generations come and go but ideas live on.
Men die, rulers are overthrown, new regimes take over.
Men differ from women in the pattern of hair growth.
Men differ in ability, understanding and interpretation.
Men differ little in clear, simple ideas.
Men differ, however, on the cause of the scuff.
Men disagree through ignorance.
Men discover food.
Men discover markets.
Men discover stock markets.
MEN discover the strength and courage to face the challenges and responsibilities in their lives.
Men discover values.
Men discuss business and make deals in the locker room which are off limits to women.
Men disguise themselves as women, and vice versa.
Men dismiss the women's unhappiness as a normal part of women's lives - and trivialize the anguish.
Men display an energetic form of dance synonymous with the tunes.
Men display skills.
Men divide evenly.
Men do all kinds of stupid things.
Men do best with an electric shaver.
Men do care, and do want to be involved in their children's lives.
Men do childcare.
Men do control everything from science to politics.
Men do crazy things under the spell of fear and panic.
Men do cruel actions in the name of religion or an ideal.
Men do cry.
Men do domestic violence because it works, because they can.
Men do eat quiche.
Men do enter, but at their own risk.
Men do evil by failing to do well.
Men do feel, do work hard, do think of relationships.
Men do find it more difficult to deal with the past.
Men do find sex interesting and pictures of women interesting.
Men DO get breast cancer, although it is rare.
Men do get sick.
Men do give different and significantly greater priority to the economy and taxation, however.
Men do hard, physical, dirty labor to feed their families.
Men do have a choice.
Men do have a higher percentage of geniuses for instance.
Men do have a responsibility for children they father and an equal responsibility for birth control.
Men do have feelings.
Men do have hormone arousals and attacks.
Men do have mammary tissue, and they, at a very low rate, get breast cancer.
Men do have sech spells.
Men do have the capacity to nurture.
Men do interact differently with authority, however.
Men do it all the time, it's terrible.
Men do it all the time.
Men do it and women do it.
Men do it every day.
Men do it to control and humiliate women.
Men do it.
Men do jobs involving machinery, animals or crops.
Men do jobs.
Men do just want perfect looking women.
Men do learn some things by conditioning.
Men do leave their wives for younger, more beautiful women as their wives age.
Men do like to kiss.
Men do make passes at girls who wear glasses - but it all depends on their frames.
Men do make useful stuff.
Men do most of the responding.
Men do much of the cooking.
Men do nearly as much cooking as women and often take on the chore of food shopping.
Men do now yield so readily a blind and superstitious obedience.
Men do other things well.
Men do play more than women.
Men do prostitute their bodies.
Men do respond physiologically to women when they ovulate.
Men do seem to get the best out of life.
Men do seem to have a cultural advantage after the crisis is over, however.
Men do seem to think more creatively.
Men do separate themselves either by heresy, schism, or apostasy.
Men do share in camp work when possible, but their first duty is protection.
Men do so many foolish things that they are an easy target for disrespect.
Men do sometimes change a bit, maybe becoming less violent, but remaining abusive and intimidating.
Men do start sharing the housework.
Men do strange things to play golf.
Men do strive about doctrine and creedal statements.
Men do suffer from migraine headaches.
Men do talk.
Men do tend to be promiscuous, and can be pretty irresponsible when it comes to sex.
Men do tend to enjoy looking, since they are easily aroused by visual images.
Men do that, too.
Men do that.
Men do the chief of the work indoors, as well as out.
Men do the coarser and heavier work, and women the finer and lighter.
Men do the hardest and most dangerous work in society.
Men do the hunting and cooking.
Men do the moving.
Men do the picking, but women do the choosing .
Men do the picking, but women do the choosing.
Men do the plowing, tilling and other heavy farm work.
Men do the same but more discretely.
Men do the same.
Men do the weaving.
Men do things like that.
Men do think differently than women.
Men do think of woman all the time, thats nothing and think different than woman.
Men do think with their other heads indeed.
Men do three times as much as women in the UK and twice as much in the other three countries.
Men do want intelligent, general interest reading.
Men do, however, experience a gradual waning in sexual appetite with the decline in testosterone.
Men do, of course, resort to sexualized forms of harassment.
Men dominate all societies of the world because of the biological predisposition.
Men dominate better working positions.
Men dominate formal conversations because women are likely to be interrupted than men.
Men dominate the highest corporate and institutional positions everywhere in the world.
Men dominate the production side of charcoal and large-scale retail sales in the urban centers.
Men dominate traditional politics in the Palestinian territories.
Men dominate U.S. society including the TV industry.
Men don long black coats and hats and women cover their heads for modesty.
Men don t always have easy access to their feelings.
Men don t answer their mail.
Men don t care a whole lot about how pretty they are.
Men don t get breast cancer.
Men don t have a men s health physician.
Men don t have to go through what women do from child birthing to permanent waving.
Men don t insert hidden meanings into their sentence structure.
Men don t like to believe that.
Men don t like to believe there is sin in everyone that is born into the world.
Men don t like to go to doctors.
Men don t take time enough.
Men don t talk to one another enough about their feelings toward the women in their lives.
Men don t try to engage women in meaningful conversations.
Men don their straw hats.
Men draw longer sentences than women for the same crime.
Men draw swords.
Men draw their bow to the center of their chest.
Men draw their lover's name on billets, women decorate their pillows with five bay leaves.
Men draw their machismo from the fact that they have a penis.
Men dread having to pay to raise another man's child.
Men dream more of men than women do.
Men dream more of other men, outdoor settings, physical and sexual activity, tools, and money.
Men dream more often about outdoor settings.
Men dream up mischief.
Men dressed as Roman soldiers, with armor and helmets, stand guard at the entrance.
Men dressed as Roman soldiers, with armour and helmets, stand guard at the entrance.
Men drink alcohol.
Men drink and smoke.
Men drink beer in a pub.
Men drink cocoa.
Men drink heavily in Old West bars.
Men drink in bars all day.
Men drink martinis.
Men drink milk.
Men drink more than women.
Men drink ouzo and eat special meze dishes that are cooked by the cafe proprietors.
Men drink water.
Men drive cattle.
Men drive home new cars nowadays with the same solemnity in their bearing.
Men drive their oxcarts laboriously over treacherous, makeshift roads.
Men driving and reading the mail at the same time often run their cars into otherwise healthy trees.
Men drool over stick shifts.
Men drop a coin into each bowl in such a way that the coin spins and sets the bowl ringing.
Men drum at a singing celebration in South Highlands, Papua New Guinea.
Men dump garbage, chemicals, and radioactive waste into the oceans.
Men dying, men being shot, they're the heroes.
Men earn degrees.
Men earn more per year because they bill more hours.
Men earn more than women for the same work.
Men earn Silver in provincials.
Men eat animal proteins.
Men eat cattle.
Men eat chickens.
Men eat cookies.
Men eat crabs.
Men eat diets.
Men eat fiber.
Men eat first, then children, and then women if there's anything left.
Men eat fish.
Men eat food.
Men eat fruit.
Men eat gram fiber.
Men eat legumes.
Men eat meals.
Men eat meat.
Men eat mediterranean diets.
Men eat more meat and fat, and fewer fruits and vegetables.
Men eat more than women.
Men eat on an elevated floor section of their woven bamboo homes, apart from wives and children.
Men eat outside on a mat.
Men eat plants.
Men eat proteins.
Men eat red meat.
Men eat roots.
Men eat salad.
Men eat small fish.
Men eat soy food.
Men eat special diets.
Men eat vegetarian diets.
Men eat whole plants.
Men ejaculate different amounts of semen .
Men ejaculate different amounts of semen.
Men embracing a new freedom to be whatever they want to be, rejecting traditional roles.
Men emerge with a primary and exclusive emotional tie to women.
Men emphasize choices.
Men emphasize food choices.
Men employ in jobs.
Men end with mezavolta to face forward.
Men engage in activities.
Men engage in fishing-related activities and wage labor away from the villages.
Men engage in preparation.
Men engage in the buying and selling of livestock, farming products, and local and imported crafts.
Men engage themselves in many outward spiritual practices.
Men enjoy advantage.
Men enjoy an oyster stew served hot in the dining room.
Men enjoy beating their wives year 'round.
Men enjoy beers.
Men enjoy being flattered just as much as women do.
Men enjoy cereals.
Men enjoy danger.
Men enjoy fellowship and friendly pool games in the church basement.
Men enjoy having a little pot belly.
Men enjoy life.
Men enjoy lovemaking more than women do.
Men enjoy mentoring men, and they're good at it.
Men enjoy oral sex.
Men enjoy physical activity and games.
Men enjoy producing and take great pride in their productions.
Men enjoy receiving flowers almost as much as women.
Men enjoy sex more and are more willing to participate earlier on.
Men enjoy sex.
Men enjoy sex.
Men enjoy solitude and companionship.
Men enjoy the effort and the skills becauseit's more like the game they played, or still do play.
Men enjoy the illusion of that which is never to be.
Men enjoy their capacity to let go and allow things to be without effort.
Men enjoy working on projects where results can be solid and tangible.
Men enter and couples dance, their personalities on display.
Men enter cars.
Men enter the ranks as hospital volunteers.
Men equate giftedness with achievement.
Men equate strength with assertion and aggression.
Men equipped with flashlights ease back into red velvet cushions awaiting naked flesh like promises.
Men escape that.
Men especially have a hard time expressing their emotions.
Men especially have the ability to influence the attitudes of other men.
Men especially love murder.
Men especially love to be tied up .
Men especially neglect skin care.
Men especially object.
Men essentially fall off the screen, and society blithely assumes no harm has been done.
Men essentially have one fat depot, the abdominal area.
Men estimate character by that which they themselves are capable of appreciating.
Men even create arenas in which they can compete.
Men even see sex as a cure-all for relationships.
Men everywhere believe in providence, and they look to their gods for it.
Men everywhere have their little jokes.
Men evolve from apes.
Men exaggerate their money, their accomplishments and their willingness to commit.
Men excel at rotating three-dimensional objects in their head.
Men excel at the simple purchase.
Men excrete acid urine.
Men excrete urine.
Men exert more gross motor activity with children than do women.
Men exfoliate every day when they shave, getting rid of the top layer of skin.
Men exhibit activities.
Men exhibit different traits as do women.
Men exhibit their worthiness wearing traditional costumes laden with jewelry.
Men exist for the sake of one another.
Men expect a better return on their investment than do women who trade stocks.
Men expect a direct answer to their questions.
Men expect men to be men.
Men expect to be challenged.
Men expect to be paid for what they do.
Men expect to like themselves.
Men experience an age-related decrease in testicular size and in sperm production.
Men experience burial.
Men experience effects.
Men experience pain.
Men experience side effects.
Men experience thirsts.
Men exploit mental activity.
Men explore and discover.
Men explore the deepest darkness.
Men Exposed explores the naked truth about how men feel about their penises.
Men express feelings.
Men express manliness in certain kinds of ways.
Men express pain.
Men express their feeling toward women by calling or telling directly.
Men express themselves in fairly direct and assertive ways.
Men extend women the same right.
Men extract the bark by climbing the tree and cutting away a large strip of bark with a knife.
Men face adjustment.
Men face an increased chance of developing prostate cancer and testicular cancer.
Men face conditions.
Men face off crouched on the ground like wrestlers.
Men face tension.
Men fail big style - they do more robberies.
Men fail, and fall, and rise and try again . . . or fall and stay in the mud.
Men fall asleep because it is so relaxing.
Men fall for pretty faces, women fall for healthy portfolios.
Men fall in love more times in their life than women, according to a new survey.
Men fall in love too and hurt when things go wrong, just like women.
Men fall off buildings and bounce back unhurt, full of fight.
Men fall off horses or are dragged behind, but maybe only twice is there ever any evidence of blood.
Men fall only in order to rise.
Men fall through glass.
Men fantasize a greater variety of sexual encounters with different partners than do women.
Men fantasize about women, without any expectation that they are real.
Men fear for safety.
Men feed cats.
Men feed data to a computer and men interpret the answer the computer spew forth.
Men feed sheep.
Men feel abandoned.
Men feel anguished, confused and no longer in control of their lives.
Men feel awkward with it but the behavior can be learned.
Men feel bad.
Men feel beliefs.
Men feel better solving problems.
Men feel closer and validated through shared activities.
Men feel danger.
Men feel fire.
Men feel five degrees warmer than women at the same room temperature.
Men feel guilt because they know of the power to act.
Men feel just as victimized as women do.
Men feel more confident and secure when they have enough money.
Men feel more strongly that they have the time to do what they like.
Men feel more vulnerable and protective towards women.
Men feel powerless, inept, sterile.
Men feel pressured to be productive citizens and responsible family men.
Men feel restricted by society s perceptions and by our own sense of duty, too.
Men feel special, too.
Men feel that if they buy a car, they'll make money on the car.
Men feel that in order to get help they have to be much more definite.
Men feel that the cruelty to the poor is a kind of cruelty to animals.
Men feel the god within their veins, and cry in loud exalting strains.
Men feel they lose face when they are subordinate to a woman.
Men feel threatened when they think a lady is doing better.
Men feel what they feel.
Men feeling betrayed and cheated and desperate make compelling subjects, no doubt.
Men feeling betrayed and cheated and desperate makes a compelling subject, no doubt.
Men fiercely guard their heritage in twisted turbans and intimidating moustaches.
Men fight and are still friends.
Men fight and struggle ferociously for one another's lives.
Men fight because of causes.
Men fight because they like to fight.
Men fight better.
Men fight for a good cause.
Men fight for freedom, and then pass laws to take it away.
Men fight for freedom, then pass laws to take it away.
Men fight hardest when they defend their native land.
Men fight over women.
Men fight their best when they see strangers invading their native fields, farms and cottages.
Men file their four upper front teeth to points.
Men fill out their questionnaire and return it with a heftier registration fee.
Men fill the majority of the decision-making roles in the church as pastors and elders.
Men find a new fire in their bellies.
Men find anger.
Men Find baggy pants and taper the legs down or remove the cuffs.
Men find boxers are cooler than briefs.
Men find comfort.
Men find death.
Men find driving enough.
Men find face death.
Men find fantasy more stimulating than reality.
Men find giving oral sex more satisfying than women do, and men like receiving oral sex more.
Men find good jobs.
Men find grace.
Men find it harder to be away.
Men find it harder to discuss pain then women and even harder to admit to being a victim.
Men find it harder to look for help because they feel that a rape puts their sexuality in question.
Men find jobs.
Men find life.
Men find men.
Men find money intoxicating.
Men find our shop especially appealing.
Men find safe shelter, food, and spiritual renewal here.
Men find sex to be stressful and want to get it done with as soon as possible.
Men find shelter.
Men find shoot death.
Men find that they can change the negative aspects of their families into positives.
Men find the differences in women appealing and sexy.
Men find their way into ballet in various ways.
Men find themselves hypersensitive and unable to slow down and enjoy the pleasure of sex.
Men find themselves with more feelings of regret when engaging in sex under the influence.
Men find water.
MEN find women .
Men find women to be too assertive.
Men find younger women attractive as a symbol of youth.
Men first develop hair loss at the temples, followed by an enlarging bald spot on top of the head.
Men fit a new engine into a boat which is used for fishing, cargo and passenger transport.
Men fold the garment into two panels and knot it neatly at waist level.
Men follow animals.
Men follow consumption.
Men follow the knot of combatants, throwing their own fists in the air and shouting encouragement.
Men follow the market.
Men follow the same recommended dosages as women.
Men fondle their breasts and finger their genitals.
Men forget that prayerless families make powerless lives.
Men forget the bald-patch on top of the head.
Men forget the cruelty and suffering that it brings to the innocent.
Men form a star by putting their right hands into the centre of the ring and stepping to the left.
Men freely believe what they desire.
Men freeze with their heads back and their ears pricked, ready for fight or flight.
Men frequenting cruising areas commonly fall victim to physical homophobic violence.
Men fuck over straight women every day.
Men fully understand the value of an oil change.
Men fund it more expensive to cooperate when crime increases.
Men gain pounds.
Men gain their highest sense of self-worth by achieving goals and completing tasks.
Men gain too.
Men gain weight in their abdomen and around the waist.
Men gain weight.
Men gather .
Men gather and organize themselves into social bodies for their well-being.
Men gather in coffee houses to play games, talk, meet friends and even to find work.
Men gather information for their parenting role differently than mothers do.
Men gather on a periodic basis for inspiring speakers, teaching and the meeting of new friends.
Men gather on one side of the alter, women on the other.
Men gather to dominate.
Men gather to share, search the Bible, and pray for concerns of the church and one another.
Men generally are less inclined than women to view sexual teasing as harassment.
Men generally are ungrateful, prone to avoid danger, thirsty for gain.
Men generally assume an agentic leadership style.
Men generally binge at happy occasions while women overeat when they are sad or angry.
Men generally choose to wear dark trousers and a dress shirt and tie under their gowns.
Men generally descend to monosyllables or a long grunt.
Men generally do a better job than women teaching logic.
Men generally don khaki safari hats.
Men generally drink more lustily than women do, regardless of orientation.
Men generally feel crushing heart pain when they're going into cardiac arrest.
Men generally have a better chance of receiving a PM than do women.
Men generally have a deep, intense, and abiding sense of fairness and honor.
Men generally have a much more serious problem with the disease.
Men generally have analytical minds and women have romantic ones.
Men generally have apple shaped bodies and women tend to have pear shaped bodies.
Men generally have higher death rates than women at every age.
Men generally have larger noses than women, researchers say.
Men generally hold jobs that pay more.
Men generally invest in their children by providing food, protection, and care.
Men generally kill women and children as a proprietary and vengeful act.
Men generally marry later than women throughout the world.
Men generally prefer a cooler setting.
Men generally prefer more recline in the back angle of a chair than do women.
Men generally prefer showers.
Men generally see leather as a sign of masculinity and prestige.
Men generally see sex as more of an activity while women see it as more of a relationship.
Men generally sit in the stern and do the steering.
Men generally tip the chauffeur.
Men generally tolerate more alcohol than women.
Men generally try so hard.
Men generally turn kind of pale.
Men generally use more profanity in conversation than women do.
Men generally use more 'short cuts', colloquialisms and bad language, too.
Men generally wear a clinic smock over their shirt and tie in the clinic.
Men generally wear jeans with sweaters or sports shirts.
Men generally wear sport coats and ties.
Men get advantages.
Men get afraid when they find themselves in that state.
Men get all forms of lupus.
Men get all tingly inside whenever they go to a hardware store.
Men get along on less sleep than women.
Men get an X chromosome from their mother, and a Y from their father.
Men get anxious when they develop strong feelings for someone.
Men get away with murder in many states by simply accusing their gay victims of making a pass.
Men get baldness.
Men get black covers with silver titles and violence, violence, violence.
Men get breast cancer also, but it is rare.
Men get breast cancer too.
Men get breast cancer, too.
Men get custody when they fight for it.
Men get emotional over different things, like sports and driving.
Men get emphysema about six times more often than women do.
Men get erections.
Men get girls.
Men get hard, pump and grunt, squirt out their tension, and relax.
Men get hiccups more often than woman.
Men get hiccups more often than women.
Men get higher fees than women.
Men get ideas.
Men get important vitamins by eating that shampoo.
Men get ingrown hairs on their beard areas.
Men get it later in life and less severely, but more men have it.
Men get it, families get it.
Men get it, too.
Men get it.
Men get itchy feet.
Men get jealous.
Men get jobs.
Men get kidney stones more often than women do.
Men get knowledge.
Men get letters.
Men get lonely too.
Men get love letters.
Men get mates.
Men get more points for actively overcoming obstacles, for rising above pain.
Men get more praise, reinforcement and coaching when they speak.
Men get more stimulated by pictures of anonymous body parts.
Men get much satisfaction and pleasure out of things they own.
Men get no such sympathy, and that's where the apprehension comes in.
Men get opinions as boys learn to spell by reiteration chiefly.
Men get opinions as boys learn to spell, by reiteration chiefly.
Men get opposite messages.
Men get osteoporosis also, but to a far lesser extent than women.
Men get osteoporosis too, just later in life.
Men get osteoporosis, too Most people think of osteoporosis as a disease that affects only women.
Men get osteoporosis, too.
Men get pattern baldness.
Men get physical knowing they'll get off and that faith makes it happen.
Men get physical.
Men get pregnant women.
Men get prostate cancer more than any other type of cancer.
Men get renal cell carcinoma, the most common type of kidney cancer, twice as often as do women.
Men get satisfaction by moving up through the ranks and becoming principals and superintendents.
Men get sleepy, nervous, jumpy, terrified.
Men get sore spots, women just go straight to sick.
Men get sore spots, women just go straight tosick.
Men get stones more than women.
Men get strength.
Men get tangled up in their own flies, women heave around.
Men get testosterone.
Men get that affirmation all the time.
Men get the best deal there, with big-name designer suits, coats and sweaters.
Men get the disease slightly more often than women.
Men get the full bar.
Men get the point and forget the details.
Men get the same protection.
Men get the same treatment as women.
Men get the yucky ties, women get the fuzzy slippers.
Men get their manhood taken often.
Men get their pix taken in a suit and tie, women in a sweater or blouse.
Men get things done.
Men get to be perverts.
Men get to be sexy and successful.
Men get to choose most often what is important.
Men get to demonstrate their cooking abilities by providing a dessert to be judged by the women.
Men get to die more, too.
Men get to dip in first, then women and children.
Men get up some other standard of right.
Men get very confusing messages about how to be during pregnancy.
Men get women.
Men give cakes or chocolates to women.
Men give false information.
Men give hundreds of thousands to their universities.
Men give information.
Men give it to women.
Men give love for sex, and women give sex for love.
Men give love to get sex, women give sex to get love.
Men give masculine energy that women receive and women give their feminine energy to men.
Men give more time when they volunteer.
Men give no reason, make no defence for their sins, and yet are resolved to hold fast iniquity.
Men give penalty points when they feel unloved and unsupported.
Men give present women.
Men give salt solutions.
Men give solutions.
Men give their blood to the blood bank for the sake of saving other lives.
Men give when they are asked.
Men give women a long stemmed red rose.
Men give women a rose, while the ladies return the compliment with a book.
Men gladly join and support many diverse, civic and service clubs.
Men glorify the art of observation, but fail to see what lies directly in front of themselves.
Men glorify themselves because of their sinful pride.
Men go about in packs and leer at passers by - so do women.
Men go around the circle and answer whichever question the group leader has recommended.
Men go astray because they think that delusion is better than truth.
Men go by deep in discussion.
Men go clothes shopping to buy, never to look.
Men go crazy out here.
Men go during the day.
Men go for a closer shave, try new aftershaves and keep their hair trimmed.
Men go for honnor and pride, because of their duty to their country.
Men go for honor and pride, because of their duty to their country.
Men go forth bravely to meet it.
Men go happy or miserable as they have healthy or unhealthy livers, or sound gastric glands.
Men go in one side, womyn in the other.
Men go in the water.
Men go into a nursing home and either get well or die.
Men go into the boats and display some gear for the camera.
Men go into their holds easily, careful to feel the other fellow out.
Men go numb.
Men go prone and crawl to safely.
Men go there to find their fortunes in the silver mines - and lose their pasts.
Men go there to find their fortunes in the silver mines and lose their pasts.
Men go through hormonal changes too.
Men go through pain and men fall in love too.
Men go through puberty.
Men go through stages.
Men go to a female strip show and get blasted.
Men go to a game and talk about the game.
Men go to hell on the same theory.
Men go to pro shops to look, never to buy.
Men go to seminary to further discern priesthood.
Men go to the bathroom only to perform their bodily functions.
Men go to the strip clubs to fill the empty spaces.
Men go to the synagogue and pray for the family.
Men go to their caves and women talk during peer revision.
Men go to war.
Men go up to the mountains.
Men grab the facts and work on fixing the process.
Men greet each other with a hearty handshake, and close friends hug and pat each other on the back.
Men greet one another with hand shakes and women are often physically affectionate with one another.
Men grieve differently than women, so here is a site geared to that.
Men grieve on the inside, and their grief work tends to be more cognitive than emotional.
Men grow in stature as they become strong and generous.
Men grow slightly more optimistic with age, while women grow slightly less optimistic.
Men grow the food women cook it.
Men grow up dreaming and scheming big.
Men grow up feeling that women are somehow lesser beings.
Men grow up in households.
Men grow up seeing a woman weeping as a mother, a sister, a wife and as a daughter.
Men grow up with challenges.
Men grow up with more support and a belief in themselves than women.
Men grub sage brush and clear former grazing lands.
Men hallucinate, and when they do the abyss can open.
Men handle serious love problems better than women do.
Men handle stress better than women.
Men hang from the tree by pegs to take on the suffering of the weak.
Men hang from the trees, xxx bodies absorbing light.
Men hang on to their grudges longer.
Men hang out by day in the shadows of shabby row houses.
Men harden themselves.
Men hate each other because they fear each other.
Men hate more readily than they love.
Men hate more steadily than they love.
Men hate more steadily that they love.
Men hate rather when they so love.
Men hate self-service.
Men hate that expression.
Men hate that in other men.
Men hate the sinner, while they love the sin.
Men hate to admit ignorance about drive belts.
Men hate to feel obligated.
Men hate to lose.
Men hate to think of women suffering the misery of large thighs.
Men have (part) arms.
Men have (part) beard.
Men have (part) body substances.
Men have (part) cell membranes.
Men have (part) cells.
Men have (part) cytoplasm.
Men have (part) heads.
Men have (part) legs.
Men have (part) man's bodies.
Men have (part) necks.
Men have (part) nuclei.
Men have (part) personality.
Men have (part) plasma membranes.
Men have (part) sections.
Men have (part) vacuoles.
Men have a bad habit of promising the world to get sex - and women know it.
Men have a battle to survive genetically.
Men have a black suit, a white shirt and a white bow tie.
Men have a built in compass and asking for directions is a violation of their machismo.
Men have a built in spare battery just for sex.
Men have a certain psychology.
Men have a chance to brush up on style, too.
Men have a clearer image than women of their genital features of their imagined partners.
Men have a complicated relationship with color.
Men have a desire to do it right.
Men have a different kind of brain.
Men have a different set of criteria although good looks are always the top of the list.
Men have a discharge, swelling and pain when urinating.
Men have a fragile sense of their role in the human drama.
Men have a gambling instinct rather than common sense.
Men have a gland in their arse.
Men have a good twelve hundred and thirty years left.
Men have a great capacity to absorb themselves in their work.
Men have a greater capacity for happiness than women.
Men have a greater capacity for true love than women.
Men have a greater risk of dying of a heart attack than women.
Men have a greater risk of heart attack than women and they have attacks earlier in life.
Men have a greater risk of heart attack than women, and they have attacks earlier in life.
Men have a hard time coming up with gift ideas.
Men have a harder time admitting they have been sexually abused.
Men have a harder time in our culture.
Men have a higher center of gravity than women do.
Men have a higher chance of getting athlete's foot than women.
Men have a higher concentration of androgens while women have a higher concentration of estrogens .
Men have a higher dependence rate than women.
Men have a higher hematocrit than women.
Men have a higher naturally occurring level of nandrolone.
Men have a higher rate of death from malignant melanoma than women.
Men have a higher rate of dissemination than women.
Men have a higher rate of malfunction than women.
Men have a higher risk of elevated homocysteine than do woman.
Men have a higher risk of heart attack and heart disease than women do.
Men have a history of legislative experience.
Men have a joystick whereas women just have a game port.
Men have a larger larynx and their vocal cords are longer.
Men have a long history of fantasizing about women fighting for their approval and favor.
Men have a long list of areas in which they want to measure up better.
Men have a lot of physical side effects that go along with taking steroids.
Men have a meno pause, but different from women's.
Men have a mind and a body.
Men have a much greater chance of having a heart attack by the age of sixty than do women.
Men have a much longer tradition of giving and are less interested in giving time.
Men have a natural fear of fire.
Men have a natural instinct to defend the innocent and the weak.
Men have a natural propensity to consume.
Men have a no-survivors approach to food.
Men have a penis, and women have a vagina.
Men have a physiological edge in terms of power.
Men have a place to call when facing family, marriage problems.
Men have a problem.
Men have a prominent role in the art world, but that is the only creativity they can ever know.
Men have a quirk.
Men have a right to be free from stereotypes and conditioning.
Men have a right to expect impartiality when they sue for justice.
Men have a role to serve when women have unplanned pregnancies.
Men have a shorter life expectancy than women.
Men have a shorter life expectancy.
Men have a simple suit with a shirt of any colour and a tie.
Men have a slightly greater chance of dying from cancer than women.
Men have a slightly higher prevalence rate than women.
Men have a slightly higher stroke risk than women.
Men have a special responsibility to understand, confront and help other men to unlearn sexism.
Men have a special talent for a pain.
Men have a strong instinct to protect their families, which is an innate core of their masculinity .
Men have a strong preference for younger escorts.
Men have a strong role in modelling non- violent behaviour.
Men have a strong tendency to worship idols.
Men have a task orientation to their communication patterns.
Men have a tendency to dominate and to assume authority in a problem solving process.
Men have a tendency to Supersize their stories when lying.
Men have a tendency to want things to move too fast.
Men have a tendency, generally, to rush in.
Men have a terrible propensity to do stupid and careless things in the heat of passion.
Men have a thicker skin for rejection that women.
Men have a tradition of a night out with the boys.
Men have a unique role to play in changing the status of women.
Men have a variety of opportunities to interact with other males, especially youths.
Men have a vital role to play here, teaching their sons, talking to their mates.
Men have a wild side that they want to uncover, but most don t know how.
Men have ability.
Men have about a one per cent chance of developing bladder cancer.
Men have absolutely no problem at all at festivals .
Men have access to roughstock in conjunction with a nearby university.
Men have all the power and control in a sexual relationship.
Men have all the rights over the house and property.
Men have all the time in the world.
Men have almost no reproductive rights.
Men have always and continue to look for fertility, as signified by physical attributes in women.
Men have always warn hats, but until the late Middle Ages women have preferred veils.
Men have an easier time buying bathing suits.
Men have an entire range of products from which to choose.
Men have an inescapable duty to promote the equality of women.
Men have an obligation to their wives to give up their foreskin.
Men have another common symptom.
Men have as much desire and capability to be child rearers as women.
Men have backs.
Men have balloon-like blood vessels in their penis that fill with blood when they have erections.
Men have barbers and the women have hairdressers.
Men have beards.
Men have beautiful coats.
Men have beautiful shiny coats.
Men have better detection of light, depth perception, and small movement.
Men have better quality.
Men have better sperm quality.
Men have big feet.
Men have big pee-pees.
Men have biological interest in promiscuity.
Men have blind spots that the insights of others can correct.
Men have blood pressure.
Men have bodies and souls, and both are under the law, and both have sinned.
Men have bones.
Men have brains.
Men have breathe difficulty.
Men have broad shoulders and narrow hips.
Men have brothers.
Men have buddies.
Men have but coupled with their own shadows.
Men have buttons on the sleeves of their jackets.
Men have care.
Men have certain organs.
Men have children of many species, all of their own.
Men have coats.
Men have committees.
Men have contact.
Men have contrary practical principles.
Men have convulsions.
Men have cunts, and women have cocks.
Men have deep feelings.
Men have deficiencies.
Men have depressions.
Men have desires and goals for 'their' ministries.
Men have diabetic neuropathy more often than women.
Men have different ideas and aspirations of that which is success.
Men have different, pragmatic approaches to communicating about and solving relationship issues.
Men have difficulty forming friendships with other men.
Men have difficulty.
Men have dysuria, urinary frequency and mucoid to purulent urethral discharge.
Men have each other.
Men have eachother.
Men have eating disorders at a lower rate than females and their numbers are on the rise.
Men have eating disorders, too.
Men have economic privilege and greater access to the public domain.
Men have effects.
Men have ejaculation.
Men have electrolysis on their beards.
Men have emotions.
Men have enormous power over women and have IADS minimisation in their hands.
Men have erections when they dream.
Men have estrogen in their bodies, although less than pre-menopausal women.
Men have every right to manage the disbursement of their own funds.
Men have experience.
Men have exposure.
Men have exquisite taste and deserve the best.
Men have faith.
Men have families, too.
Men have far too much control in America.
Men have faster connections than women.
Men have feelings too.
Men have feet.
Men have female problems, women have male problems.
Men have few or no effective choices in many critical areas of life.
Men have fewer age-related fertility problems than women do.
Men have fewer career choices, fewer sexual opportunities, they die, and pop feminists scoff.
Men have fewer problems with the Bible since it is skewed towards their benefit.
Men have fingers.
Men have five distinctive signs of faith seen in style of dress and personal appearance.
Men have fluid.
Men have food.
Men have for one reason or another liked to look at women.
Men have free medical care.
Men have friends.
Men have fun raping women, and men enjoy beating women as well.
Men have games.
Men have genitalia too.
Men have glandular breast tissue that is subject to hormonal influences.
Men have gout more often than women.
Men have great difficulty.
Men have greater access to training in agricultural techniques, aid, and payment for export corps.
Men have hair everywhere, often several inches long.
Men have hands.
Men have harder hands for a start.
Men have hats.
Men have heads.
Men have heart problems.
Men have hearts.
Men have heavy clothing and hats.
Men have high blood pressure.
Men have high pressure.
Men have higher body temperatures than women.
Men have higher bone density and higher lean-body mass, so they require more calories to function.
Men have higher heart disease death rates than women.
Men have higher levels than women.
Men have higher overall cancer rates than women in all groups.
Men have higher participation rates than women in all of the ethnic origin categories considered.
Men have higher social class standings than women because they earn more at their jobs than women.
Men have holes.
Men have ideas.
Men have identification.
Men have illnesses.
Men have implicit permission to batter.
Men have index fingers.
Men have instincts also, but most of the time their instincts stink and are uncivilized.
Men have intake.
Men have integrity.
Men have intellect and reason.
Men have intelligence.
Men have intentions.
Men have interest.
Men have issues that goes far deeper than anyone can imagine.
Men have it backwards.
Men have it easy when it comes to mourning.
Men have it more than women, but it is common in middle-aged women.
Men have it.
Men have jobs.
Men have just as much responsibility for the family and home.
Men have kinds.
Men have knowledge.
Men have larger brains than women because they have larger heads.
Men have larger pores and oilier and thicker skin than women.
Men have larger, stronger bones than women, but two million men have osteoporosis.
Men have leg bones.
Men have leisure.
Men have less ribs than women do.
Men have less time to practice entertainment skills.
Men have less to gain from children's labor.
Men have less to worry about when choosing a vegetarian diet as far as iron is concerned.
Men have less weight relief than women in a water environment.
Men have levels.
Men have life.
Men have limit exposure.
Men have limitations.
Men have little access to services.
Men have little or no rites when they are victims of domestic violence.
Men have lower leg bones.
Men have lower levels.
Men have lower testosterone.
Men have luck.
Men have magical ability.
Men have many loyalties.
Men have many more hours of leisure.
Men have many more tournaments to choose from.
Men have many opinions.
Men have medical care.
Men have mental illnesses.
Men have millions of shoes, one for every sport or athletic activity.
Men have more accidents and illness during their wives' pregnancies than at other times.
Men have more accidents than women.
Men have more active pre-absorptive metabolism of alcohol than women do.
Men have more assumptions and women more evaluations in their first moments together.
Men have more babies than women do.
Men have more biomass to anchor and press themselves through the turns.
Men have more blood than women.
Men have more control over condom use.
Men have more DHEA than women.
Men have more difficulty attaining and maintaining an erection.
Men have more difficulty becoming full people than women do.
Men have more difficulty than women in forming and maintaining attachments.
Men have more distance because they've had a more comfortable position.
Men have more drive but less stamina.
Men have more drug career opportunities.
Men have more important things in life to worry about than the latest fashion trends.
Men have more interest in protecting the status quo because it works to their benefit.
Men have more muscle tissue which contains more fluid to dilute blood alcohol.
Men have more muscle tissue, naturally, than women and women have more fat cells.
Men have more opportunities to cut that part off.
Men have more options.
Men have more permission to be angry.
Men have more physical strength, girls have a bit more tenderness, and that's how it is.
Men have more positive initial reactions to xenotransplantation than women do.
Men have more power than ever, and the power of their weapons is frightening.
Men have more protection due to their testosterone.
Men have more public power in most societies, controlling governments, law, and public discourse.
Men have more respect than women do, as is the case in most cultures.
Men have more rights than do women.
Men have more scars than women.
Men have more severe symptoms.
Men have more sexual partners and more control over decisions regarding sex.
Men have more strokes than women, and black men have the highest risk.
Men have more time than women to focus on it.
Men have more vice than women do.
Men have much greater prestige and authority in the village.
Men have much higher mortality rates than women for all main causes of death.
Men have multiple affairs.
Men have muscles.
Men have nails.
Men have needs that the military has long recognized.
Men have nipples.
Men have no awareness of their sinfulness.
Men have no concept of real pain.
Men have no constancy.
Men have no equivalent right to abort their child support obligations.
Men have no fear.
Men have no inspirations.
Men have no legitimate interests.
Men have no more time to understand anything.
Men have no problems buying presents for other men.
Men have no redeeming qualities, blah blah blah.
Men have no regard for the sanctity of a matched set of towels either.
Men have no right to feel.
Men have no rights whatsoever when it comes to children.
Men have no say, according to feminists.
Men have no say.
Men have no secrets that they're hiding.
Men have no sense of humor.
Men have normal exposure.
Men have noses.
Men have nothing to do with it.
Men have nothing to fear from the outside.
Men have nowhere to go.
Men have nutritional needs that women don t have.
Men have only as many hip fractures as women.
Men have only one wife at a time.
Men have only one X chromosome and women have two.
Men have only one X-chromosome and so are much more likely to be colour blind.
Men have only one X-chromosome, which they inherit from their mothers, while women have two.
Men have only somewhat higher rates of smoking than women within the total U.S. population.
Men have only to provide, women have only to care.
Men have only two.
Men have opinion.
Men have opinions about the good and the bad, the just and the unjust.
Men have oral sex.
Men have organs.
Men have orgasms easily because they have been practicing for years, usually since puberty.
Men have other options.
Men have penises.
Men have personal relationships and they still play corporate games.
Men have poorer records than do women, largely because they drive more miles.
Men have power over women .
Men have precenency, and still excell.
Men have premature ejaculation.
Men have pressure.
Men have problems with love handles and abdomen.
Men have problems.
Men have productive tasks and women reproductive tasks.
Men have properties.
Men have pulses.
Men have purposes.
Men have quality.
Men have quicker reflexes, react faster than women.
Men have ribs.
Men have right feet.
Men have rights.
Men have secret pasts involving bigamous wives.
Men have self-confidence because they grow up identifying with superheroes.
Men have seminal vesicles, too.
Men have senses.
Men have sentiment.
Men have serious problems.
Men have several erections a night as part of their sleep cycle.
Men have severe symptoms.
Men have sex.
Men have shiny coats.
Men have short hair and spike it up with gel.
Men have short hair, women have long hair.
Men have side effects.
Men have similarity.
Men have skills.
Men have skin that also needs to be cared for, nourished and pampered every so often.
Men have sons.
Men have sorrow and joy and farewell and union.
Men have special health concerns as they age.
Men have sperm quality.
Men have stamina, drive and determination.
Men have stories.
Men have strength.
Men have stronger sexual urges than women.
Men have such peculiar attitudes towards women.
Men have symptoms more often than women.
Men have symptoms.
Men have talent.
Men have taste.
Men have teeth.
Men have temples.
Men have ten times more testosterone levels than females.
Men have testosterone levels.
Men have testosterone.
Men have the ability to accept contradictions without knowing it.
Men have the ability to really make a change.
Men have the ability to serve others.
Men have the added risk of prostate cancer.
Men have the choice of an external collecting device.
Men have the courage and inventiveness to try to explain the inexplicable.
Men have the custom of tattooing their bodies with designs of tiger, deer, bird and flower.
Men have the divine obligation to be the spiritual leaders of the church.
Men have the economic clout.
Men have the opportunity during their youth to play football on organized school sponsored teams.
Men have the option of using the reduced form ossu in casual speech.
Men have the power collectively to end rape.
Men have the power to end rape.
Men have the power, through focussed, united invocation to affect world events.
Men have the questionable honour of being better at suicide than women.
Men have the responsibility, the obligation and the right to provide for their families.
Men have the right idea.
Men have the right to pay for boobs.
Men have the romantic feelings.
Men have the same issues and almost to a more extreme point.
Men have the same issues with body image as do women.
Men have the same number of limbs as children.
Men have the same problem too with abusive girlfriends and wives.
Men have the same treatment options available as women.
Men have the street or jail.
Men have the toughest part.
Men have their complaints about the weight room too.
Men have their limits.
Men have their minds and women their feelings more highly developed.
Men have their own classes there.
Men have their own needs just like women, but their needs are different.
Men have their respective occupations and women their homes.
Men have theories.
Men have time for nothing but fear and hope.
Men have to acknowledge it's an issue.
Men have to be changed, be converted, be born-again.
Men have to be cheating with someone.
Men have to be healthy to take viagra .
Men have to be healthy to take Viagra .
Men have to be healthy to take viagra.
Men have to be healthy to take Viagra.
Men have to be mother and father.
Men have to be part of the solution.
Men have to be reprogrammed to understand love.
Men have to be responsible for their own actions.
Men have to be willing to learn new techniques and adapt for impotence treatment to succeed.
Men have to become more deeply men in relationship.
Men have to believe they are a superior species, the ONLY humans on earth.
Men have to change if they want to avoid the problem.
Men have to deal with urinals.
Men have to explain why they face the holy temple of Kaaba in Mecca when praying.
Men have to fight seven or eight times just to make it into a local tournament.
Men have to fork out the bucks and dress up too.
Men have to get up early sometimes.
Men have to go the next step to take responsibility for household tasks.
Men have to have jerk off somehow.
Men have to hibernate a great deal of the time.
Men have to lead while dancing.
Men have to learn how to do that from women.
Men have to learn to fight in squadrons.
Men have to learn to slow down.
Men have to learn, too.
Men have to look at women differently now.
Men have to make it occur.
Men have to make way for the women .
Men have to pay a high bridal price which benefits the bride's whole family.
Men have to pay for their activities.
Men have to put up signs when they work.
Men have to raise the status of women.
Men have to ransom their kids.
Men have to run a mile in eight and a half minutes.
Men have to wear at least one-piece bikini bottoms.
Men have to wear beards, pray in the mosque and most forms of light entertainment have been banned.
Men have to wear untrimmed bears and head coverings.
Men have to work and follow other responsibilites, as well as the women.
Men have toxic effects.
Men have toxic side effects.
Men have trouble communicating so they turn their frustration into negative behavior.
Men have trouble with one.
Men have two year old children in their pants.
Men have unique emotional and psychological concerns, just as women do.
Men have unique health needs, especially as they age.
Men have urinals and stalls, while women don t have the equipment to aim accurately.
Men have valuable ideas and insights to share.
Men have very independent personality traits and characteristics.
Men have vice.
Men have violent dreams.
Men have volition.
Men have wants, women have needs.
Men have ways of expressing their satisfaction.
Men have ways of nurturing that are unlike women's.
Men have wives.
Men having sex together are nude, but are only shown from the waist up.
Men having sex with men are at particular risk due to high rates of infection in the gay community.
Men head the trend of people looking to improve their appearance through cosmetic surgery.
Men help each other solve problems, address barriers, and provide concrete support.
Men help families.
Men help men.
Men help run the home front while women work outside the home.
Men help women in the field.
Men help women with their job of caring for children and home.
Men help women.
Men helping their wives give birth is common in many Andean villages.
Men here go to the polls today to elect a new parliament.
Men Here is an illustration of a similar garment for men.
Men hide erectile dysfunction, and women hide urinary incontinence.
Men hide their toes.
Men hide themselves in dens and rocks, but are overtaken by the great day of wrath.
Men hide to avoid conscription by some petty lord.
Men hire prostitutes.
Men hoeft niet te kopen.
Men hold a great majority of the positions of authority within our society.
Men hold almost all the top positions.
Men hold half of the central office and area supervisory positions.
Men hold hands as they visit.
Men hold hands in natural dance position.
Men hold hands.
Men hold it in.
Men hold options.
Men hold positions.
Men hold priority in all leadership positions.
Men hold privileged positions in government, society, community, and family.
Men hold the dominant positions and are charged with 'looking after' the women.
Men hold up half the sky.
Men honor their ladies and treat each other with dignity and respect.
Men hook right elbows with the women on their right.
Men however are such visual creatures they want to look whenever they can.
Men however have a greater incidence of cluster headaches.
Men hunt animals.
Men hunt for food.
Men identify needs.
Men identify with the aviators courage.
Men ignore wives.
Men improve health.
Men improve production.
Men increase likelihood.
Men increasingly cover gray or, following the female lead, completely change their look.
Men indicted for war crimes are still at large.
Men individualize their facial hair just as all adults choose a chair style.
Men infect with viruses.
Men inherit the X chromosome from their mothers.
Men initially have a greater risk for developing coronary heart disease than women do.
Men inquire Destruction through confidence of an lady ice consequently buying beyond all type.
Men inserting their penis into someone's anus can use a condom with extra lube.
Men instantly surround the stall, dicks in hand, masturbating.
Men internalize the belief that they are superior.
Men interrupt more than women.
Men intuitively discover that it hurts less to be rejected by an object than by a full human being.
Men invade another country.
Men invariably slip into their deepest, most resonant tones when they pick up a phone.
Men invite friends.
Men invite their grandfathers, fathers and brothers to take part in initiation.
Men jeg er selvsagt vanvittig glad for alt som har skjedd.
Men join fraternities.
Men join to protect the women from police brutality.
Men join unions for mutual help.
Men judge each toher appearances as well.
Men jump out of bed to tamp down brush blazes with the volunteer fire department.
Men jump up and wave their arms, holding up fingers to show the odds.
Men just aren t as efficient around the house as women are.
Men just blow it off.
Men just don t get it.
Men just get a large bowl to share.
Men just get more attention because they make more noise.
Men just grow quiet and distant instead - and appear unloving.
Men just have a thing for blondes.
Men just have an awful time telling somebody else how they feel.
Men just have problems getting it up.
Men just like to hear the sound of their own voices, like to hear themselves making promises.
Men just look.
Men just see the home as functional, and more utilitarian.
Men just seem to do it more than women.
Men just treat women differently than men.
Men keep a tally of their sexual conquests.
Men keep cash from the sales of cash crops.
Men keep chickens.
Men keep food.
Men keep reading.
Men keep scrolling.
Men keep the framework of our society intact, but women are the heart of it.
Men keep things in perspective.
Men kick in a door and shoot at a man.
Men kill and are killed four or five times more frequently than women.
Men kill and are killed, as military magnificence is shown.
Men kill each other like the savage wolves, and forget the laws of love and tolerance.
Men kill in collisions.
Men kill mosquitoes.
Men kill themselves due to an inability to cope with life events, such as relationship breakups.
Men kill women and children as a proprietary, vengeful and terrorist act.
Men kill, and die, when ordered to.
Men kiss one another on alternating cheeks several times.
Men kiss women's feet a couple of times, once at knife point.
Men kiss women's hands.
Men kissing men is different.
Men kneel with knees more than two fist lengths apart.
Men knock on doors.
Men know best how to achieve.
Men know better.
Men know exactly what their bowels are up to at any given second.
Men know exactly what they want, and upon getting it, promptly lose interest.
Men know feelings.
Men know how to obtain food from the surface of the earth, while underneath there is fire.
Men know how to sweat and endure.
Men know how to tear apart flinty rocks and how to overturn the roots of mountains.
Men know importance.
Men know it and respond with enthusiasm.
Men know it.
Men know life too early, women too late.
Men know midnights.
Men know more about breast cancer than male cancers yet . . .
Men know nothing about jewelry.
Men know only harvesting and homesteading.
Men know only too well what causes confrontation and that purpose is being played out.
Men know plants.
Men know power.
Men know that from time to time , it is absolutely necessary to adjust oneself.
Men know that from time to time, it is absolutely necessary to adjust oneself.
Men know that men are from here, and women are from way the hell over there.
Men know the difference between love and lust.
Men know the world is wicked, and the wickedest ones know it best.
Men know what is happening now.
Men know what sin is, by experience.
Men know women.
Men lead forces.
Men lead in all matters of community worship.
Men lead life.
Men lead others.
Men leading other men produces nothing but slaves.
Men learn about health concerns in a confidential environment.
Men learn about other men doing science.
Men learn about sex and how to treat a woman.
Men learn biblical principles, godly living and how to balance family and ministry.
Men learn by suffering.
Men learn faster with positive rewards for good behavior.
Men learn from god, and women learn from men.
Men learn from the morning sun, the night moon, the birds and whales.
Men learn how to be godly men from other godly men.
Men learn leadership there first.
Men learn little from success, but much from failure.
Men learn skills.
Men learn their lesson the first time.
Men learn to climax rapidly and can learn to arrive more slowly.
Men learn to suck it up alone and then find themselves feeling disconnected from the world.
Men learn while they teach.
Men leave houses.
Men leave over pay, promotion, job security.
Men leave schools.
Men leave the trail and head toward the concession stand.
Men leave their families for up to a year.
Men leave to seek employment, while women are left with all the responsibility at home.
Men lend a sense of self-control.
Men let their stress out through physical actions in lieu of conversation.
Men lie all the time.
Men lie and cheat.
Men lie because women play games.
Men lie to get what they want, or because it is easier than telling the truth.
Men lie to keep from hurting our feelings, but they only make it worse.
Men lie to protect their freedom and autonomy.
Men lie when they sin and sin when they lie.
Men lift feet.
Men lift fingers.
Men like cats.
Men like deer.
Men like to appreciate beautiful women.
Men like to barbecue.
Men like to be fed on time.
Men like to be helpful.
Men like to be men.
Men like to be needed.
Men like to be petted.
Men like to be surrounded by junk.
Men like to be useful.
Men like to be warm and dry when it's raining outside.
Men like to be wet and muddy when playing.
Men like to bone and run.
Men like to celebrate.
Men like to come home sans the smell of liquor, smoke and other activities.
Men like to cuddle.
Men like to do things together, and then they talk.
Men like to dress in cloth robes, putting on high-collared fur gowns with waist belts in winter.
Men like to eat every day.
Men like to feel.
Men like to fight.
Men like to fix things.
Men like to get pampered also.
Men like to give orders more than women.
Men like to help, women like being taken care of.
Men like to hone their skills in competition.
Men like to just try it to see what happens, their understanding growing out of experimentation.
Men like to know how things work.
Men like to know that they have options.
Men like to learn by doing, figuring it out as they go along.
Men like to look at the pictures.
Men like to look at women.
Men like to look.
Men like to play war.
Men like to receive flowers, too.
Men like to scratch themselves.
Men like to serve in a well-disciplined unit.
Men like to sexually excite animals, they love nothing more than engaging in bestiality sex.
Men like to shop too.
Men like to sit back and evaluate how they feel.
Men like to sleep after any activity.
Men like to think they've got all the answers.
Men like to watch football, baseball, basketball or boxing while women love to go shopping.
Men like to wear belts where daggers ornamented with precious stones are inserted.
Men like to wear white shirts.
Men like to work with saws and nails and wood and metal, things that they can touch.
Men link arms, singing and dancing with boisterous energy.
Men link er et godt, gammelt norsk ord, mener Ture.
Men listen to other men and that perpetuates the stereotype.
Men listen to other men.
Men listen to other people.
Men listen to their fathers first, and their mothers third.
Men literally consume women in the poem.
Men live a shorter time than women and are more socially as well as emotionally handicapped.
Men live at homes.
Men live by it.
Men Live features southern california men online.
Men live for gold, kill for it.
Men live for themselves.
Men live for three things, fast cars, fast women and fast food.
Men live for tools.
Men Live free pussy pictures interactive live male videoconferencing.
Men Live fun sex stuff interactive live male videoconferencing.
Men live in a climate of constant anxiety and stress and fear.
Men live in close companionship.
Men live in companionship.
Men live in fornication, in adultery.
Men live in houses, chimps live in trees.
Men live in societies.
Men live in some rooms on the floor and women in other rooms on the floor.
Men live in temporary camps while clearing, hunting or fishing.
Men live in the world of logic and cause and effect.
Men live largely to show the world how important they are.
Men live longer and healthier if they're married.
Men live on average about seven years less than women in most developed countries.
Men live on floors one and three, while women are on floors two and four.
Men live on Memorial floors two and three.
Men live on one end of the floor and women on the other.
Men live on one end women on the other.
Men live on one floor and women on the other.
Men live on one side of the floor and women on the other.
Men live on the first and third floors.
Men live on the first floor and the women live on the second.
Men live on the first floor and women live on the second floor.
Men live on the first two floors, with women occupying the top two.
Men live on the second floor, and women live on the third and fourth floors.
Men live shorter lives than women.
Men live upon and from the earth.
Men live with honesty.
Men living at such times have a natural bias towards free institutions.
Men living with premature ejaculation face a great deal of emotional turmoil.
Men loading hay, ca.
Men log on two hours longer than women.
Men loiter at cafe tables, sipping coffee and gossiping.
Men look at a picture of a pageant contestant wearing a bikini.
Men look at computers as toys, women as tools.
Men look at homes.
Men look at magazines and televisions and see other men that are well built and sexy.
Men look at our physical characteristics Evil, flirty, two-faced, bitchy, back stabbing, sweetheart.
Men look at porn, usually masturbating so that some physical satisfaction is experienced.
Men look at the big picture.
Men look at women for a number of reasons, even within the context of sexual looking.
Men look at women.
Men look before using the toilet.
Men look best simple.
Men look down.
Men look dumb or dead.
Men look for cues to sexual fidelity with long-term mates.
Men look for god outside of themselves.
Men look for mothers.
Men look for youth and beauty.
Men look in the mirror and continue to appreciate what they see.
Men look into the mirror before they go out for no apparent reason.
Men look like complete idiots in women's clothes.
Men look like men, women like women.
Men look on trek bullocks as mere animals.
Men look so much better in a suit.
Men look to their different religions for an answer to the unsolved riddles of human existence.
Men look up into the darkness with fear, and hurry home to garage their shiny little sports cars.
Men looking for women, and women looking for men can subscribe and correspond for free .
Men looking in the mirror are more likely to be either pleased with what they see or indifferent.
Men lose brain tissue faster than women.
Men lose jobs.
Men lose life.
Men lose pounds.
Men lose the ability to fall into REM sleep as they age.
Men lose their families.
Men lose their manliness and their very lives.
Men lose their property.
Men lose weight.
Men love a challenge, they say over and over.
Men love a challenge, women love security.
Men love any woman they want to sleep with.
Men love any women they want to sleep with.
Men love baseball.
Men love beef.
Men love coffee.
Men love dogs.
Men love horses.
Men love it as an invigorating aftershave.
Men love it.
Men love mothers.
Men love pets.
Men love seeing themselves as responsible thinkers.
Men love seeing women on it.
Men love that.
Men love the combination of scents.
Men love the female condom.
Men love the truth, but when they tire of it, they LUST for something else.
Men love their ideas more than their lives.
Men love to be appreciated in bed.
Men love to be the first to read the newspaper in the morning.
Men love to buy for their wives and girlfriends.
Men love to feel there is a challenge, something to conquer.
Men love to impress women.
Men love to lie, but they are absolutely horrible at it.
Men love to lift things to prove their strength.
Men love to praise but are slow to practice it.
Men love to praise, but are slow to practice it.
Men love to talk about politics, but they often forget to do political things such as voting.
Men love to talk about politics, but they often forget to vote.
Men love to talk about themselves.
Men love to talk politics, but often they forget to do political things such as voting.
Men love to tell their old fishing and hunting stories.
Men love to view the female form.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of our science.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Men lower their iron stores by donating blood regularly.
Men mainly request treatment of the abdomen, love handles and chest.
Men mainly wear pants and a shirt and women wear long dresses.
Men maintain appearances.
Men maintain fences, care for the animals and produce crops.
Men maintain peace.
Men make a difference .
Men Make a Difference .
Men Make A Difference .
Men make a difference.
Men make a Difference.
Men Make a Difference.
Men Make A Difference.
Men make a joke of sin and being a sinner.
Men make a tremendous error when seeking to quench New Testament law with grace.
Men make and control more money than women.
Men make appearances.
Men make approximately the same median income as women in economics.
Men make bad divas.
Men make bangles for women, using cowtail hairs for the cores.
Men make better artists because they are more courageous.
Men make better friends.
Men make choices.
Men make circular patterns out of individual spikes.
Men make gases.
Men make harmful gases.
Men make history through creating, witnessing, and recording significant deeds and events.
Men make houses, women make homes.
Men make it the end.
Men make less money and have fewer job opportunities.
Men make mistakes.
Men make more money but have a lower net worth than women.
Men make more money in every position.
Men make more money than women for doing the same work.
Men make no such classification about themselves, and the jobs they do are infinitely varied.
Men make opportunities far more often than opportunities make men.
Men make religion.
Men make rules keeping primarily their own interest in mind.
Men make second features.
Men make the larger sacrifice when they get married.
Men make the money, drop it off at home, and go back out in the world.
Men make the moral code and they expect women to accept it.
Men make the reels, and sometimes help the women by turning the reel while the women wind the ball.
Men make their own belts with brass studs.
Men make their own history, pretty much as they please.
Men make themselves to differ.
Men make up a majority of single-copy buyers.
Men make up more than half of Internet users, but women are rapidly narrowing the gap.
Men make up the bulk of online investors today.
Men make up the largest majority of perpetrators of child sexual abuse for both boys and girls.
Men make use of the company's programs, too.
Men make use of their college education to deceive the coolies who work by the sweat of their brows.
Men make war, run the government and maintain sole custody of the remote control.
Men make war.
Men make women messy.
Men make women's head dresses.
Men manage the cattle and the crops of millet, yams, plantains, and cassava melons.
Men manage to capture more than their fair share of talk time.
Men manifest their hate for women by genital mutilation and intercourse.
Men manipulate the language of self-defense to their advantage, and to women's disadvantage.
Men marry beautiful women.
Men marry because they are tired, women because they are curious, both are disappointed.
Men marry because they are tired.
Men marry down.
Men marry illusion.
Men marry into the woman's family.
Men marry people.
Men marry women hoping they never do.
Men marry women.
Men mature slower than women.
Men may have biceps muscles.
Men may have large muscles.
Men may have muscles.
Men may have symptoms.
Men meet and clap hands.
Men meet at the church to prepare breakfast and study the Bible.
Men meet death.
Men meet for conversation, study, prayer and encouragement.
Men meet goals.
Men meet in football stadiums to repent.
Men meet weight loss goals.
Men meet with pastor.
Men meet, mountains never.
Men melt in their boots, literally melt, in one of the neatest effects of the flick.
Men miss the family activities and feel guilty about it.
Men mostly kill men.
Men mostly wear pants and a long shirt usually made of cotton called lango.
Men mostly work in the fields or in workshops, women mostly do housework, spinning or weaving.
Men motivated by revenge and greed represent the greater evil.
Men move fingers.
Men multiplied by logic, of course, equals zero.
Men naturally conform to the world.
Men naturally deposit fat in their abdomens, which includes the area at the base of the penis.
Men naturally enemies.
Men naturally feel a biological imperative to parent.
Men naturally grow hair there.
Men naturally know no better things.
Men naturally lead women when dancing.
Men naturally produce a small amount of estrogen, a female hormone.
Men naturally produces a small amount of estrogen, a female hormone.
Men naturally tend to pleasure considered as a form of self-satisfaction.
Men nearly fall off a moving train when the logs they're standing on start rolling off the car.
Men need burial.
Men need effects.
Men need food.
Men need instruction.
Men need proteins.
Men need stimulation.
Men neglect the Bible and hate truth.
Men negotiate sex with teenage girls and the madams are somebody s cute little grandma.
Men never ask for directions.
Men never complain of their lack of power for loving the world.
Men never diepute about a fact that can be demonstrated by scientific reasoning.
Men never do evil so cheerfully and so completely as when they do so from religious conviction.
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from a religious conviction.
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction .
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.
Men never do evil so completely or cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.
Men never do evil so completely or cheerfully As when they do it from religious conviction.
Men never do.
Men never go to the hospiol or see doctors regular.
Men never gros out of their obsession with toys.
Men never grow out of their obsession wih toys.
Men never grow out of their obsession with toys.
Men never listen.
Men never lose their erection in the middle of things.
Men never make passes at girls who wear glasses.
Men never rest from labor and sorrow by day, and from perishing by night.
Men never seem to catch on.
Men never sit and obsess about their weight.
Men never talk about cheats they are aware of with each other.
Men never think about women in that connection.
Men never watch women dance.
Men never wear make up to an interview, unless they are trying out for a part in a production.
Men never win.
Men normally climax quickly unless they train themselves to extend themselves.
Men normally dress in a long cloth wrapped around the waist and a shirt or jacket.
Men normally have higher hemoglobin levels than women.
Men normally have nocturnal erections each night during sleep.
Men normally offer their hands to women.
Men normally produce small amounts of the hormone, which are deactivated by the liver.
Men notice the color, but undervalue it.
Men now do fly like birds - hugh, multicolored birds.
Men now have more freedom to drop off the corporate fast track, go freelance, start new careers.
Men now have the opportunity to take charge of their own individual health needs.
Men now live as pampered pets or tolerated second class citizens who have no say about anything.
Men now live in a sociological limbo where they are no longer required to be the hunter-gatherers.
Men now live in conditions that are less than human.
Men now love the party spirit.
Men now make a year's wage in a month working on a new pig farm.
Men now make a year's wages in a month working on a new pig farm.
Men now share in the raising of children and household responsibilities.
Men now wear trousers, shirts, hats, and shoes.
Men nowadays are almost as confused as boys as to who and what they are supposed to be.
Men obey orders now with a patient rather than exultant courage.
Men observe and combine, that is all.
Men observe effects.
Men obtain knowledge.
Men obtain much of their income from the plantation.
Men occasionally drop from being hit.
Men occasionally take flak for putting too much of a premium on their own appearance.
Men occupy a very small place upon the Earth.
Men occupy very little space on Earth.
Men offer their lives to become free only to become frightened as soon as the prize is obtained.
Men officiate women.
Men ogling women is part of gender equality.
Men only go for operations.
Men only have conversations or memories about their first shave.
Men only have one blood clotting gene because they only have one X chromosome.
Men only have one role defined by their bodies and it is a rather transitory one.
Men only have to do one.
Men only have two feet that track in mud.
Men only have two feet to track in mud.
Men only kick the dog.
Men only observe.
Men only remove their shirts when bathing.
Men only talk about sex in general terms.
Men only talk when they are really upset.
Men only track in two muddy footprints.
Men only work in the rainy season.
Men open books.
Men open doors.
Men open their own cans.
Men open up and talk more about themselves when they re fishing together.
Men open up more to other men.
Men ought to be proud of it.
Men ought to find the difference between saltnesa and bitterness.
Men ought to give their wives the love they naturally have for their own bodies.
Men ought to look like men, and women look like women.
Men ought to love their wives just as they love their own bodies.
Men outnumber the women.
Men overvalue the work they do.
Men overwhelmingly control the religious organizations in positions of power.
Men owe it to themselves to take the time to look after their health.
Men own animals.
Men own dogs.
Men participate in an exchange economy, exchanging goods or favors and expecting value in return.
Men participate in an important aspect of their children's lives.
Men participate in baseball, basketball, football, golf, soccer and tennis.
Men participate in basketball, baseball, soccer, tennis, golf and skiing.
Men participate in collegiate sports more than women.
Men participate in flag football, volleyball, basketball, softball, soccer, and water polo.
Men participate in hunting during the long dry season.
Men participate in tasks.
Men particularly are reluctant to express their feelings.
Men particularly respond more negatively if they are with other men.
Men pass away, but their deeds abide.
Men pass on, but the States are permanent for ever.
Men pass out strings of beads and are rewarded with a flash.
Men pass the premutation only to their daughters.
Men pay a few bucks to rent a bunk for quickies with a stranger.
Men pay a frightful price for their illusions as to what they accept as the way of truth.
Men pay attention.
Men pay better in Tampa, but with all the talk of regulation, they're scared to come in.
Men pay dowry prior to marriage.
Men pay little attention.
Men pay three bucks for a good condom, and seven for a bottle of mediocre chardonnay.
Men perform actions.
Men perform club and spear dances while women do the fan dances.
Men perform heavy tasks and fieldwork, fetch water, and occasionally clean their own clothes.
Men perform jobs.
Men perform the coy actions of their counterparts as they willingly pose all before the viewer.
Men perform tradition.
Men perform workouts.
Men perpetrate ninety-two percent of all domestic violence or abuse against women.
Men personifying the above characteristics exist, and in significant numbers.
Men pick up the tabs, open the doors, are chivalrous, and behave like gentlemen.
Men pierce their genitals for the same reason.
Men pin their kilts on the right.
Men place their partner above kids in terms of stress.
Men play a game of ping-pong on the lawn of the mansion.
Men play a significant role in helping children grow up with positive role models.
Men play a similar instrument, but the women are the most accomplished players.
Men play a vital role in stopping rape.
Men play cards on tables in the middle of the large main room.
Men play Chinese checkers in their leisure time.
Men play female roles too.
Men play from the Blue tees.
Men play from the white tees.
Men play from white tees.
Men play games.
Men play god in various ways.
Men play gunfights with rackets.
Men play in basketball tourney in Holland.
Men play it passionately all their lives and then encourage their sons to do the same.
Men play many key roles during women's pregnancy and delivery and after the baby is born.
Men play no part in the practise.
Men play one diamond.
Men play powerful even dominant roles in reproductive decisions.
Men play the ancient gamelan gambang of wooden keys.
Men play the blue tee.
Men play the game.
Men play the music, women dance.
Men play the odds.
Men play with doctrine as something that belongs to the intellect rather than with life.
Men play with epee, foil and saber.
Men play with more power, less finesse.
Men plow and sail for it.
Men plow the field and make it ready to plant.
Men pose for photos.
Men positively interacting with children attract women.
Men possess advantage.
Men possess curiosities.
Men possess dogs.
Men post their information only.
Men pour water over their heads as they hold up bread.
Men practicing medicine create senseless theories to explain simple human behaviors.
Men pray in the left area while women pray in their own section to the right.
Men pray in the mosque under a prayer leader, when possible.
Men pray in the mosque under the leadership of a prayer leader, and the women usually pray at home.
Men pray now before breakfast and after supper.
Men pray to deity.
Men pray with men, women pray with women.
Men predominate in government, the military, and public life.
Men prefer big ones, with holsters slung under their arms.
Men prefer cuff links, studs, and lapel pins.
Men prefer fertile women.
Men prefer football, beer and breaking wind.
Men prefer girls who want to be coddled.
Men prefer less direct eye contact.
Men prefer old pipes and torn jackets.
Men prefer smart women with whom they can exchange sensible thoughts.
Men prefer smiles to cleavage.
Men prefer to marry religious women, because they're more likely to be sexually faithful.
Men prefer to wear their chikan kurtas during summer evenings.
Men prefer watching girls.
Men prefer wearing caps rather than the traditional turbans.
Men prefer women.
Men prepare men and women prepare women.
Men prepare the cloth from the inner bark of several species of trees.
Men prepare the land for planting and sow seeds, and women transplant rice seedlings.
Men present fatigue.
Men present mild fatigue.
Men present their mothers , wives , girlfriends , colleagues , etc. with flowers and small gifts .
Men present their mothers, wives, girlfriends, colleagues, etc. with flowers and small gifts.
Men present with confusion.
Men presently compete in baseball, volleyball, soccer, and golf.
Men pretend to be women, women pretend to be men and it can be as harmless fun as a masquerade ball.
Men produce brand new sperm every two to three months.
Men produce different hormones which kick in an increased sense of responsibility.
Men produce estrogen as well, but at lower levels than women.
Men produce growth hormone primarily during that kind of sleep.
Men produce low levels of estrogens in the testes.
Men produce millions of sperm each day in organs called the testes.
Men produce more malformed sperm and have a lower sperm count in summertime.
Men produce more of a certain enzyme which metabolizes alcohol.
Men produce more steroids than women which tends to make men's muscles larger and stronger.
Men produce more testosterone, which has a strong muscle-building effect.
Men produce more testosterone.
Men produce semen.
Men produce sperm all day, every day - throughout their lives.
Men produce sperm continuously from puberty onward, and the formation of a sperm takes about a week.
Men produce twice as much saliva as women.
Men produce two types of sperm in equal amounts.
Men propose to women one by one, working down their preference lists.
Men protect and rescue others from harm.
Men provide an essential role in the continuation of the human race.
Men provide enough evidence.
Men provide evidence.
Men provide inspiration.
Men provide security and stability.
Men provide the wide swings.
Men pull off sensational relay win at Nordic Championships in Finland.
Men pursue animals.
Men pursue rare animals.
Men pursuing opportunity make a city.
Men push down either crop since mean vikings football.
Men push horns.
Men push themselves hard.
Men qua men.
Men quell their fears of failure with visions of rewards to come.
Men question the stars because they are in chaos, in darkness, in a bewildering fog.
Men quickly gather together again, and re-direct their concentration on the mission planning screen.
Men rack their brains to prove that the interests of the employers and the employees are identical.
Men raise arms.
Men raise daughters.
Men raise dogs.
Men raise goats.
Men raise voices.
Men rang the minster bells according to their custom.
Men range in ages.
Men raped by other men often question their own sexuality.
Men rate their academic ability more harshly, yet fewer women think themselves above average.
Men rationalize the necessity to obey a law and judge their ability to break the law.
Men reach for their wallets and grimace at the total on the cash register.
Men reach the happiest stage of their lives in their sixties and women in their seventies.
Men react just like women, by staying silent.
Men read either the novels it is possible to respect, or detective stories.
Men read science fiction to build the future.
Men really ARE from Mars.
Men really ARE from outer space.
Men really can be pigs sometimes.
Men really do want to please their women, but they want to be in control.
Men really feel intimidated, but times have changed.
Men really hate that.
Men really have no clue what to do with their fingers in the female region .
Men reasserting control over their lives is a good thing.
Men recall mothers.
Men receive a monthly stipend.
Men receive college education.
Men receive education.
Men receive more eye-contact from meeting leaders.
Men receive more higher education than women.
Men receive news.
Men receive strength.
Men receive the gift of faith and begin to learn.
Men receive treatments.
Men receive two months' pay.
Men receive with other men and women with other women.
Men recognise that men and women as groups are capable of doing and being all things.
Men recognize the power of a woman's sexuality.
Men recover from illnesses.
Men refuse such conditions because they are still single.
Men refuse to do what is right for several reasons.
Men refuse to reckon with the fact that the root of the terrible problem of the world is sin.
Men regard emotional self-exploration as both risky and unnecessary.
Men relate better to stronger women.
Men relate in a more hierarchical manner, with status being pre-eminent.
Men Relate Through Sex.
Men relate to apes.
Men relate women to objects to look at, show off, use and abuse as they wish.
Men rely more on their hamstrings.
Men rely on the formal authority of their position for their influence base.
Men remain abstinent until married to a virgin.
Men remain appreciably quicker than women.
Men remain missing in Iraq.
Men remember the conquerors, but with only a few exceptions, the lesser warriors disappear.
Men remember what they hear, as well as what they see.
Men remove academic caps during the singing of the national anthem and the alma mater.
Men remove helmets and yellow slicker raincoats.
Men remove their hats when entering buildings.
Men remove their hats.
Men remove their headdress.
Men repeat only to the right.
Men report circumstances.
Men report desire.
Men report ejaculation.
Men report more sexual dreams, usually with unknown and attractive partners.
Men represent a high percentage of the population.
Men represent approximately one third of the nursing student body.
Men represent half the world's population but account for less than one-third of contraceptive use.
Men require a formal definition of goals, the line of authority and specific work assignments.
Men require calories.
Men require energy.
Men require food.
Men require jacket.
Men require more calories and, hence, more food than women.
Men require more calories.
Men require more romance and physical touch to become fully aroused.
Men require more speed and endurance.
Men require priesthood for exaltation.
Men resemble one another in essence-in jen.
Men reside on the first floor, while women reside on the second and third.
Men resist the light because they love their sin.
Men resist the rectal, but saves lives, so get it done.
Men respond best to bright, powerful colors.
Men respond better to less reps and more sets.
Men respond by calling our intake line and leaving a message.
Men respond enthusiastically.
Men respond positively to aqua and turquoise.
Men respond sexually to a blue-green clothing choice.
Men respond to a measure of confrontation, to break through their denial.
Men respond to cease-fires.
Men respond to crises.
Men respond to essays on rape.
Men respond well to vivid, crisp colors such as red, orange, purple and blue.
Men retain ability.
Men retain the greatest level of body fat in their abdominal area.
Men retain their reproductive function into the late years.
Men return empty-handed and recount their experience.
Men return homes.
Men return to the knotting of rope in place of writing.
Men ride bicycles.
Men ride into town on camel-back, park and disappear down alleyways, into the shadows.
Men ride terrain vehicles.
Men ride their horses along the narrow cobblestone streets on their way to work.
Men ride trains.
Men ride vehicles.
Men routinely juggle three things.
Men routinely kill, because our lives are continually at risk.
Men routinely leave their wives and children, never to be heard from again.
Men rule over there, and women stay in subjection.
Men rule over women in each household as they do in the society at large.
Men rule the Internet, and even more so, it seems, when it comes to Iranian sites.
Men run a greater overall risk for developing high blood pressure than women do.
Men run a greater overall risk for developing high blood pressure than women.
Men run a lot faster.
Men run about shouting obscenities - so do women.
Men run all the time.
Men run almost everything.
Men run in a more crouched position, while women's knees and hips are straighter.
Men run into a clothesline and fall down.
Men run into men, tale into tale, time into time.
Men run the industry, after all.
Men run the risk of getting their testicles whacked.
Men run the service system for women so they can have better information.
Men run three miles.
Men run wild, free and happy as women claw about looking for love in all the wrong men and places.
Men running in dresses are easy to recognize.
Men rush out the door and cry out to the mountains and oceans.
Men sacrifice their lives for the greater good.
Men sacrifice themselves for their family.
Men salivate at barometric changes.
Men say , Go about doing good .
Men say a lot of things.
Men say in statements.
Men say it to each other.
Men say it's a nice change to have someone else get the condom on.
Men say older women are much better at giving head.
Men say stupid things all the time.
Men say that the sweetest songs are in Iceland.
Men say their biggest obstacle to time with their kids is work, but that's no excuse.
Men say there is an inspiration in genius.
Men say they hope to share family work.
Men say they love cats.
Men say they want a better deal, and so on strike they go.
Men say they want someone smart, funny and attractive.
Men say things like that because they have a confused, complicated man-made gospel.
Men scorn the beaten track.
Men search the pages of history for solutions, for precedents, but there are none.
Men seated in center appear to be peeling potatoes.
Men secrete a substance known as androstenone which women detect in a subconscious level.
Men see a urologist.
Men see better than women in bright light.
Men see better than women.
Men see clearer at such times.
Men see cockroaches.
Men see color and sex and judge according to the outward appearances.
Men see drawers.
Men see every living thing as something that can be used for their consumption.
Men see faces.
Men see half naked women in music videos dancing provocative.
Men see like the malachim and perish like animals.
Men see miracles as they share their struggles.
Men see passengers.
Men see power outages as an opportunity to get lucky.
Men see reflection.
Men see sex.
Men see spit-up.
Men see strippers as potential dating material.
Men see the state as their enemy.
Men see the telephone as a communication tool.
Men see the telephone as a communications tool to send short messages to other people.
Men see the telephone as a communications tool.
Men see themselves as being more important than women.
Men see what appears to be the white-patterned wallpaper.
Men see women as portals to a better world and a kingdom of joy.
Men see women.
Men see words and gifts of a brother and houses of apostles and sons.
Men seek a sanctuary for their hearts and souls.
Men seek advice.
Men seek affairs for sexual fulfillment, friendship, and fun.
Men seek animals.
Men seek approval from others more than women.
Men seek better life.
Men seek care.
Men seek careers.
Men seek companies.
Men seek complete dominion in sexuality.
Men seek happiness, health and everything desirable.
Men seek help from others more than women.
Men seek less to be instructed than applauded.
Men seek life.
Men seek medical care.
Men seek out establishments where women are enslaved for their sadistic sexual violence.
Men seek out retreats for themselves in the country, by the seaside, on the moutains . . .
Men seek position and power, but like cherry blossoms, they are fragile.
Men seek power and building or dominating male-male coalitions.
Men seek the dramatic and unusual.
Men seek the excitement of stimulants, because, for the time, the results are agreeable.
Men seek the truth because it is home.
Men seek younger mates.
Men seek youth and beauty.
Men seeking to reverse their vasectomies are still in the minority, however.
Men seem driven to do push ups, flies, bench presses and dips.
Men seem like ornaments.
Men seem more likely to move the furniture and women seem more likely to put a bag in a chair.
Men seem more prone to food-borne illness than women.
Men seem particularly geared toward recognizing and responding to threat.
Men seem to age so well while women end up hating the process so much.
Men seem to always be tempted into rape and castration.
Men seem to be better at compartmentalizing their lives than women.
Men seem to be determined to destroy themselves and wreck the world.
Men seem to be doing all they can to bring about peace without much success.
Men seem to be even less honest about their solo porn use.
Men seem to be less excitable than women.
Men seem to be more attracted to the unattainable, hard to get scenario.
Men seem to be more critical of people - it's just our species, probably.
Men seem to be more interested in fashion than they have been in the past.
Men seem to be much more sensitive to sexual signals.
Men seem to be nocturnal.
Men seem to be optimistic about the roles of the female.
Men seem to be punished for the break up of a family.
Men seem to be running away, to have dismissed and locked away their feelings.
Men seem to be taking a beating concerning their goals in a relationship.
Men seem to buy more scorpions than women do though.
Men seem to care more about the prestige of a restaurant than women do.
Men seem to deal with problems in a solitary way.
Men seem to dream more about men than women, but women dream about both sexes equally.
Men seem to enjoy the aspects of violence and dominance in such interactive games.
Men seem to feel more free and relaxed when there is no emotional connection with a sexual partner.
Men seem to focus only on career, almost totally ignoring their family.
Men seem to have a different pattern.
Men seem to have different mental processors for feelings.
Men seem to have friends to hang out with when it is conveinient.
Men seem to have invisible children and they seem to think that's how everybody else has children.
Men seem to identify with uniforms, especially the military.
Men seem to like cinnamon spice and pumpkin pie types of smells more than others.
Men seem to like the format.
Men seem to like to pop the big question while they're on an incline ride.
Men seem to live for sleep.
Men seem to lose more weight than women.
Men seem to outnumber women both in age and attendance.
Men seem to place women into categories, such as beautiful or intelligent.
Men seem to prefer sports and leisure activities.
Men seem to prefer sports.
Men seem to pretend to be women in order to inject sexuality into interactions.
Men seem to reach the critical diameter around thirty, women around fifty.
Men seem to survive longer than women.
Men seem to think they always have to perform, even if it is in conversation.
Men seem to think they're the height of hilarity.
Men seem to want their clothes as simple and straightforward as possible.
Men seem very reluctant to allow women into that role, at least in Portland.
Men segregate a problem or decision into individual parts to arrive at a solution.
Men sell knives, carpentry tools, shoes, farm utensils, and palm ropes, baskets and brooms.
Men send themselves there.
Men serien er ikke noe gullkantet prosjekt for kanalen.
Men serve a useful purpose.
Men serve in the areas together.
Men serve missions.
Men serve to men.
Men sexually abuse innocent children.
Men seyn the suffrauwt overcomth, parde.
Men shake fists.
Men shake hands firmly when they greet and close friends embrace.
Men shake hands only with men and women with women.
Men shake hands with men when meeting or leaving.
Men shake hands with other men and also with women.
Men shake hands, but in the cities men and women greet each other with a kiss.
Men shake hands.
Men shake their heads, awed.
Men share ancestors.
Men share concern.
Men share male ancestors.
Men share single male ancestors.
Men shave assymetric designs into their hair, and cut clan-emblems and signs into leaves.
Men shed a jugful of tears for the sake of their children, for their wives, or for money.
Men shine shoes.
Men shoot and stab each other.
Men shoot at airborne footballs which explode.
Men shoot at each other in a couple of scenes.
Men shoot guns.
Men shout at black bicycles and humiliated dogs with panicked eyes.
Men shout orders.
Men show a greater interest in the technology itself.
Men show activities.
Men show and tell their intimate wishes in bed and beyond.
Men show desire.
Men show devotion to another romance, the social and economic romance of capitalism.
Men show faces.
Men show few if any signs of taking on any greater rolese in caring and sharing, especially at home.
Men show improvement.
Men show interest in women with playing with circular objects in the presence of the woman.
Men show interest.
Men show more upward mobility and remain on the same level less often than women.
Men show no interest and fall away from the gospel.
Men show significant age-dependent decline in hippocmpus volume compared to women.
Men show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they find laughable.
Men show their character in nothing more clearly than by what they think laughable.
Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable.
Men show their inside character out here where there are none of the restraints of civilization.
Men show variation.
Men shudder at the dishonesty of others at one time in life.
Men shy away from conversation with coworkers.
Men shy away from oral sex for the same reason.
Men shy away from touching and cuddling children.
Men sign up, regardless of the price, stay for three or four months, then leave.
Men simply do so more often.
Men simply have better camping equipment.
Men simply seem to care more about grass than women do.
Men simultaneously seek and fear exclusivity.
Men sin more through insolence and pride than through ignorance.
Men sin only when they are tempted, either by the world, the flesh, or the devil.
Men sing about whatever they wish to honor.
Men sing and sing well.
Men sit and make plans for the group, while the women do most of the household chores.
Men sit and make plans for the group, while the women do most of the work.
Men sit around a table in a caf , playing cards, drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes.
Men sit at table watchful.
Men sit in a mourning tent beneath the green, red, white and black Palestinian flag.
Men sit in front, women at the rear.
Men sit in offices.
Men sit in seats.
Men sit in the street cars and women stand.
Men sit on bar stools, congregate at pinball machines, mill around.
Men sit on each other and on the arms of seats, stand in the aisles, and hang on the platforms.
Men sit on the left with their hats in their laps.
Men sit over green-felt tables, caps covering their white hair.
Men sit quietly outside the souvenir shop, watching intently as nothing occurs.
Men sit separate from the women because they are seen as more important.
Men sit sipping tea before empty storefronts.
Men sit to the right of the nave and women to the left.
Men sizni xembe k ni dostumning toyigha apiray.
Men slightly turn to the right on the forward ball change step.
Men smoke and women do the same.
Men smoke higher-tar brands and more cigarettes per day.
Men smoke long pipes and drink black tea.
Men smoke marijuana out front in broad daylight.
Men smoke more cigarettes and consume more alcohol.
Men smoke more, drink more, have poorer driving habits.
Men solve problems.
Men solve the problem in daylight, caused by the women during the dark of night.
Men sound like men and women like women.
Men soveposen min manglet.
Men sow and women bear fruit.
Men sow the seed from which, above their graves, others reap blessed harvests.
Men sow to the flesh and of the flesh reap corruption.
Men speak about all of the foreign aid that is dispensed.
Men speak concisely to establish status, which commands others' attention to what they say.
Men speak for the public.
Men speak just as many words as women do.
Men speak of Rome as the eternal city.
Men speak one way, women speak another'.
Men speak to men.
Men speak, anguc but animals are dumb.
Men spend a lot of time denying their deficiencies which is why they never get anything done.
Men spend a lot of time with the children.
Men spend lots of money on products that claim to boost male potency, few of which actually work.
Men spend more time networking in order to further their business goals than do women.
Men spend more time than women do with all media surveyed, except magazines.
Men spend more time than women on average, regardless of age.
Men spend more time with their children than fathers of previous generations.
Men spend much of their time fishing for the seafood that is so important to their economy.
Men spend their whole lives studying it.
Men spend time and money for one s form of survival in living.
Men spend time hunting for small game and birds to supplement their diet.
Men sport full beards and women wear veils.
Men spot animals.
Men spot furry animals.
Men stand aside to let women go through the serving line first.
Men stand astride their primitive, toy-like tractors.
Men stand here as the cardboard figures just as women did in earlier studies.
Men stand in the moment testing themselves as men.
Men stand in twos and threes, chatting.
Men stand on the barracks steps and listen for a second time.
Men stand shoulder to shoulder in one common cause.
Men stand tallest when they are protecting and defending.
Men stand to gain by copulating with any available woman.
Men stand to greet a woman entering the room.
Men stand up when shaking hands, while women remain seated.
Men stand waiting to leave, or for their caravans to arrive.
Men stand when a woman leaves the table.
Men stand, open-mouthed, awestruck.
Men stare a lot too.
Men start building uric acid levels in puberty.
Men start diving in, swimming to stay with it.
Men start out to take a bath, and wake up in eternity.
Men start out to work and have an accident in a car, and wake up in eternity.
Men start out with a greater bone mass to begin with, so they have a greater reserve against loss.
Men start posting pictures of their ex-wives in compromising positions.
Men start seeing girls and quickly start disqualifying candidates.
Men start the wars.
Men start with a left step and the ladies start with a right step.
Men stay awake all night, keeping vigil with antique rifles and staves.
Men stay here.
Men stay home and take care of the kids or, maybe, get a job as a receptionist.
Men stay home with the baby.
Men stay in an open bay of bunk beds.
Men stay outside the houses to guard.
Men stay where they belong even as they pass along conveyor belts and through customs.
Men stay with men, women with women.
Men stay with the colony after marriage while the women move to the colony of their husbands.
Men steer toward accoutrements for the outside.
Men stelt geloofsbelijdenissen op, men vaardigt wetboeken uit, men stelt beginselen voorop.
Men stick to business.
Men stick together, particularly when women are around.
Men still age beautifully while women just fall apart.
Men still buy camouflage for hunting, but are now branching out to include it for their daily wear.
Men still call the shots.
Men still control the capital, and discrimination is a factor.
Men still die seven years earlier than women, and make one-quarter as many doctor visits.
Men still die.
Men still do.
Men still dominate politics and business.
Men still earn far more then females do, thus they can afford better legal representation.
Men still exercise unjust laws.
Men still get a majority of professional degrees, but even here the numbers are changing fast.
Men still get better deals than women much of the time.
Men still get the best jobs and biggest salaries at top U.S. firms.
Men still have all the destructive powers.
Men still have more opportunities than women in the economic field.
Men still have to be governed by deception.
Men still hesitate.
Men still hold an overwhelming majority of the traditional seats of authority in our society.
Men still kill men.
Men still predominate at the top of the occupational hierarchy in all countries.
Men still retain ownership of the property, however.
Men still sell their birthright for a mess of pottage.
Men still shape and determine the culture of the Internet in their own interests.
Men still shop, but men and women differ greatly in their styles of shopping.
Men still think that today.
Men still use a few elements of their traditional traje .
Men still walk.
Men still wear bright loincloths and the women wear only woven fibre or grass skirts.
Men still work the land with teams of oxen and iron-tipped wooden plows.
Men stop drinking because of a liver disease.
Men stop giving when they feel they are being taken for granted.
Men stop talking to women.
Men Strike Back .
Men Strike Back Learn to use the toilet seat.
Men strive for scholarship in the world.
Men strive for the approval and accolades of other men.
Men strive to please and honor such women.
Men strive valiantly to establish justice.
Men strongly prefer self-management while women are evenly divided.
Men strongly prefer self-management, while women are evenly divided.
Men struggle to avoid becoming strangers to their kids.
Men struggle with healthy life.
Men struggle with healthy sex life.
Men struggle with life.
Men struggle with standing up for themselves as well.
Men stumble against each other.
Men suck too for that matter.
Men sue to work at Hooters.
Men suffer a lot.
Men suffer all their life long, under the foolish superstition that they can be cheated.
Men suffer as well, but they grieve differently.
Men suffer death.
Men suffer from a kind of stress syndrome.
Men suffer from chronic prostate pain or prostatitis, testicular, groin and penile pain.
Men suffer from eating disorders at the college age as well.
Men suffer from heat illnesses.
Men suffer from illnesses.
Men suffer from lack.
Men suffer from muscle wasting and osteoporosis, just less often than the female.
Men suffer from relate illnesses.
Men suffer painless death.
Men suffer rabies more often than women.
Men suffer too but are less likely to admit it.
Men suffering from midlife crises take to the wild west for adventure.
Men suffering from premature ejaculations often show increased histamine activity.
Men suggest Can among ache below several ice hockey gloves since thought on an trouble.
Men suksessen har kostet.
Men supply the bulk of subsistence in hunting and gathering societies.
Men support british rules.
Men support ideas.
Men support rules.
Men suppress the truth.
Men surf the Net, women use it.
Men survive on their ego, to hurt their ego is like pulling the plug on their life support system.
Men survive weeks.
Men suspect their wives of being unfaithful.
Men swallow food.
Men sweat more than women.
Men take a beating.
Men take advantage of their superior strength.
Men take an assignment such as a programming error and attack it.
Men take aspirin.
Men take bats and bust up several gambling machines.
Men take care of shopping and finding clothes and bedding.
Men take care of the selling of meat, clothes, tools, household equipment and living animals.
Men take care.
Men take chances.
Men take criticism from another man better than they can take it from a woman.
Men take delight.
Men take food.
Men take hunting as their profession to compensate inadequate supply of food.
Men take it as a right to pass on stuff.
Men take it away.
Men take it simply as a form of speech, as an expression, as a metaphor.
Men take last meals.
Men take longer coffee breaks and lunches than do women in the same jobs.
Men take lovers furtively.
Men take meals.
Men take more chances and like to drive fast.
Men take more pains to mask than mend.
Men take more risks at work, leisure, driving and also unfortunately with their health.
Men take only their needs into consideration - never their abilities.
Men take only their needs into consideration never their abilities.
Men take only their needs into consideration, never their abilities.
Men take over the net.women group.
Men take part in an active social life that includes their families and friends.
Men take photography very seriously.
Men take pride in their achievements.
Men take right turn toward the road.
Men take risks.
Men take satisfaction in physical work.
Men take small steps.
Men take so much pride in their own intellect and doctrinal position.
Men take solace from women.
Men take strides.
Men take the full packet.
Men take up chant.
Men take what people say literally.
Men take wives.
Men talk a lot about their successes.
Men talk about health matters more than women.
Men Talk about our real life experiences.
Men talk about problems with their wives and women talk about their husbands and boyfriends.
Men talk about something, come to a solution, then go on.
Men talk about the bachelor party.
Men talk about 'the bachelor party'.
Men talk about their everyday lives .
Men talk about their experiences of living with and caring for women with breast cancer.
Men talk about their feelings more than women.
Men Talk About Their Violence .
Men Talk About Their Violence.
Men talk about things and activities to gain information.
Men talk about wanking all the time.
Men Talk about what it is like to be viewed as a potential rapist.
Men talk as if they do.
Men talk liquid-cooled engines and travel suspension women talk bunnies and deer.
Men talk more and interrupt more.
Men talk more on cellular phones .
Men talk more on cellular phones.
Men talk more than women do.
Men talk more than women.
Men talk mostly about money, work, sex, home, love, sport, politics and hobbies, in that order.
Men talk on the darn things, too.
Men talk on the phone more than women.
Men talk only to conceal their minds.
Men talk openly to other men and women about their cosmetic procedures.
Men talk straighter.
Men talk that way.
Men talk to men.
Men talk when they are in love.
Men tap the inflorescence and collect the sap, while women boil the treacle and produce the jaggery.
Men tell it like it is.
Men tell more jokes and stories than women.
Men tell some things, women tell others.
Men tell stories that go up up up, then climax, with a short resolution.
Men tell the funny, revealing things they do to spruce up and calm down.
Men telling women about the concept of sportsmanship is questionable at best.
Men tend to avoid disclosing personal information.
Men tend to avoid discussing their relationships.
Men tend to back off when women demand they make themselves more available.
Men tend to be affected more frequenfly than women.
Men tend to be affected more frequently than women.
Men tend to be affected more than women, adults more than children.
Men tend to be bigger than women, and so have bigger heads.
Men tend to be briefer and more utilitarian.
Men tend to be compartmental thinkers.
Men tend to be competitive, visible, stress success, and vocation-oriented.
Men tend to be controlling.
Men tend to be direct in public talk, and more indirect in private talk.
Men tend to be doers.
Men tend to be exposed to more industrial chemicals via working on their car or other gadgets.
Men tend to be independent.
Men tend to be larger than women, a pattern typical of polygynous mammals.
Men tend to be logical and discursive in their thinking.
Men tend to be more action oriented and seek distraction.
Men tend to be more agressive and therefore are driven by item acquisition more than women.
Men tend to be more 'apple shaped' whereas women tend to be more 'pear shaped'.
Men tend to be more carefree about their eating habits.
Men tend to be more comfortable in debate mode, to display knowledge in public.
Men tend to be more directive and autocratic.
Men tend to be more interested in tools than women are.
Men tend to be more linear.
Men tend to be more overconfident than women.
Men tend to be more self-centered than women.
Men tend to be more sexually active than women, and at an earlier age.
Men tend to be oblivious to the two-facedness.
Men tend to be portrayed as more autonomous.
Men tend to be put off by clinical settings.
Men tend to be rational and women tend to be emotional and intuitive.
Men tend to be really fabulous about the details of the function the caterer, the florist.
Men tend to be shown as more dominant, more violent and more powerful than women.
Men tend to be somewhat more technologically oriented.
Men tend to be visual creatures, coming alive at the mere sight of a bare breast.
Men tend to become more constrained emotionally, women become more expressive.
Men tend to challenge one another, which women see as aggressive and threatening.
Men tend to choose things that are more objectifying of women.
Men tend to communicate for information while women tend to communicate for validation.
Men tend to communicate for information.
Men tend to compete.
Men tend to consider themselves team players more than do women.
Men tend to cook here for special events or for large gatherings.
Men tend to crave more heavy foods such as steak and potatoes.
Men tend to cry less following a loss.
Men tend to deal with stress externally whereas females deal with stress internally.
Men tend to develop diabetes at younger ages than women.
Men tend to develop lesions in the central airways.
Men tend to develop worse symptoms than women.
Men tend to distrust their feelings.
Men tend to do anger early on.
Men tend to do that, and it's a real danger sign.
Men tend to do things on their own.
Men tend to dominate bulletin boards and usenet group conversations.
Men tend to draw conclusions very fast, women like to stay longer in their observations.
Men tend to dream more about other men, while women dream equally about men and women.
Men tend to drink and smoke more, and are more likely than women to be overweight.
Men tend to emphasize logic or left-brain thinking.
Men tend to engage in deviant behaviour .
Men tend to externalize things.
Men tend to favor medium or heavy woolen suits for year-round wear.
Men tend to favor one side of the brain at a time.
Men tend to feel more adequate, willing to take on responsibilities as they come.
Men tend to feel more open, relationally, to their wives after sex.
Men tend to find something that works and stick with it without much deviation.
Men tend to find temporary outlets or relief for stress.
Men tend to flock together, to live in proximity to each other, and to establish communities.
Men tend to focus on one problem at a time or a limited number of problems at a time.
Men tend to focus on the exact words that are spoken.
Men tend to gain mostly in the abdominal area.
Men tend to get angry when they feel hurt, yet women on average tend to respond with tears.
Men tend to get completely stressed if they have to do more than one thing at a time.
Men tend to get diagnosed with Schizophrenia earlier than women do.
Men tend to get harassed more by other men.
Men tend to get paid more than women within the same occupation group.
Men tend to get the blues more about money, while women get the blues more about relationships.
Men tend to go for more abstract designs symbolising power, strength and sexual appeal.
Men tend to group with a larger number of people.
Men tend to grow that belly after they stop producing testosterone.
Men tend to handle alcohol better than women do.
Men tend to have a higher ratio of muscle to fat than women.
Men tend to have a worse form of the disease than women.
Men tend to have acute illnesses, followed by a relatively short period of ill health before death.
Men tend to have bigger brains than women.
Men tend to have bigger feet than women.
Men tend to have fewer emotions too, in their dreams, than women do.
Men tend to have graduated from business programs with greater frequency than women.
Men tend to have hierarchies.
Men tend to have higher grade-point averages in college.
Men tend to have higher levels of creatinine because they have more skeletal muscle than women.
Men tend to have larger tumors on presentation, although they can be of any size.
Men tend to have more diarrhea.
Men tend to have more emotional difficulties dealing with permanent colostomies than women do.
Men tend to have more fat in the abdomen and the back of the neck.
Men tend to have more heart attacks than women.
Men tend to have more muscle as a percentage of body weight while women tend to have more fat.
Men tend to have more of what is called da'at , an understanding which comes from the outside.
Men tend to have the fat located on the lower abdomen and flanks.
Men tend to identify themselves by their profession, their power or their possessions.
Men tend to ignore and abuse their children.
Men tend to ignore the problem and distract themselves.
Men tend to ignore what has been said before and mainly concentrate on making their own point.
Men tend to internalize the sorrow and have different styles of coping.
Men tend to interrupt for challenging another or wrestling for taking the talk stage away.
Men tend to isolate and internalize.
Men tend to isolate themselves, to become competitive or stereotyped.
Men tend to keep that kind of stuff inside.
Men tend to like a developed and defined tricep and women tend to want to eliminate the flabbiness.
Men tend to like black and red.
Men tend to like to work out by themselves.
Men tend to like youth and nicely rounded softness attractive.
Men tend to limit their friendships and thus their own identity.
Men tend to live a healthier and much longer life if they are married.
Men tend to lose more abdominal fat than women.
Men tend to lose more weight than women the first week and that also goes for the differential.
Men tend to lust and have an appetitive desire.
Men tend to marry down in social class.
Men tend to measure success by challenges, women by control.
Men tend to mention certain anatomical features.
Men tend to mow the lawn - and that's about it.
Men tend to overeat in social situations or as part of a celebration.
Men tend to play and party harder.
Men tend to predominate in most series.
Men tend to prefer more musky or outdoorsy scents, whereas women often prefer florals.
Men tend to produce crops for cash, or hire out their labour.
Men tend to pull their partner's hair and women leave red welts on their partners back.
Men tend to pull their partner's hair, and women leave red welts on the sex partner' s back.
Men tend to pull their partner's hair, and women leave red welts on the sex partner's back.
Men tend to put a lot of emphasis on their careers.
Men tend to put on the pounds around the waist.
Men tend to react in different ways when confronted with such a problem.
Men tend to recover through introspection and understanding of the marriage.
Men tend to reject what they consider as divine pressure.
Men tend to rely more on rational thought, while women rely more on feelings.
Men tend to remarry sooner than women.
Men tend to rove.
Men tend to say it was a 'hard class' or the professor was 'difficult' and move on.
Men tend to score high on the sociosexuality scale more often than women.
Men tend to see bias more than women.
Men tend to see everything as something sexual.
Men tend to see themselves as less likely to contract or develop a disease, or experience an injury.
Men tend to see women as bed warmers, women tend to see men as bed builders.
Men tend to shoot, get shot, push off, move on.
Men tend to shy away from the issue.
Men tend to speak with the bleakness of the red planet.
Men tend to specialize and often, in the process, become narrow.
Men tend to spend more of their income on consumer items.
Men tend to start thir dance training later.
Men tend to state their needs, interests and wants, then wait for others to do the same.
Men tend to stay.
Men tend to store fat around the abdominal area.
Men tend to store fat in their abdomens, women store fat more around the hips.
Men tend to stress the physical and high-energy, women the social and emotional.
Men tend to suffer from hypertension and high blood pressure more than women.
Men tend to suffer more pronounced hearing loss than women do.
Men tend to surf around.
Men tend to talk about more abstract things whilst women talk about feelings.
Men tend to think about sex much of the time because of testosterone.
Men tend to think and talk.
Men tend to think in terms of logic and reason.
Men tend to think in terms of one task at a time, while women think in terms of multiple tasks.
Men tend to think of holiness in terms of places and times.
Men tend to think they can overcome the symptoms through willpower or strength of character.
Men tend to think they know more than they actually know when it comes to investing.
Men tend to treat the earth exactly like they treat their women.
Men tend to try short cuts whilst women tend to play it safe.
Men tend to use business or commercial bank loans.
Men tend to use conversation to report facts.
Men tend to use guns, for the most part, in the United States.
Men tend to use only left side for language tasks.
Men tend to use talk to achieve a goal or fix a problem.
Men tend to use the avenue of the ethic of justice because they've been socialized that way.
Men tend to value hierarchical relationships, where as women tend to emphasize co-operative efforts.
Men tend to view going to the dentist as a series of one-time events.
Men tend to view the world in terms of power and competition, or in a hierarchy.
Men tend to walk directly toward their destination, and women tend toward the more circuitous route.
Men tend to wander off after a couple of hours.
Men tend to want to be taller and a little heavier with regard to muscle.
Men tend to want to repeat the first sin.
Men tend to weigh more than women, so combining the two groups results in more variation.
Men tend to work nearly as much as they always have.
Men tend to work nights or rotating shifts, with cooks having the highest chance of odd hours.
Men tend to write shorter e-mail messages.
Men tend towards linking their grief with a place, action, or thing.
Men thank onto little kidney function.
Men then have to be more competitive with each other for access to women.
Men then winnow the barley, separating the grain from the chaff.
Men there are many, many exciting things happening and many more that are potential.
Men there pray for fighters lost in war with Iraq.
Men think about sex once every seven seconds.
Men think and feel differently.
Men think differently, have different likes and dislikes.
Men think if they talk about it, they have to do it.
Men think in terms of jobs.
Men think it s like opening a safe, milking a cow, and pulling taffy at the same time.
Men think more about sex than money.
Men think mostly with their head and women think with their hearts.
Men think of nothing else.
Men think of time only because of what they call change, yet that too is illusion.
Men think of women as sex vendors.
Men think primarily in a linear fashion.
Men think that it takes away some of their testosterone or something.
Men think that sexual abuse is something that happens to other people.
Men think that women tease men, hurt men for fun, as a game.
Men think themselves to be clever and indestructible, immortal, superior and resolute.
Men think they are manly when they go sneaking through the woods shooting at little animals.
Men think they are superior to women and the women can only cook and care for the children.
Men think they become great just in proportion as they gather wealth.
Men think they have an image to uphold.
Men think they have nothing to offer their families except their earning capacity.
Men think they see a momentary gleam.
Men think with the wrong head.
Men think with their dicks.
Men think woks are for changin' the motor oil.
Men think women want men to give themselves up to the relationship.
Men think women want their money, or only want men with money.
Men thrive better on disappointments in love than on disappointments in money.
Men thrive on acceptance.
Men thrive on solving problems and finding new ways to do things.
Men thrive on that, and they revel in discussing their latest triumphs and acquisitions.
Men throw better than women.
Men tip their hats at one another rather than shaking hands.
Men tip their hats.
Men to assist friends.
Men to develop diseases.
Men to drink cola.
Men to eat food.
Men to help children.
Men to help male children.
Men to lead families.
Men to learn science.
Men to marry women.
Men to pay attention.
Men to pay more attention.
Men too are both victims and victimizers.
Men too are encouraging and the whole construct of the family is being redefined.
Men too are ephemeral and when they die their bodies sink back into earth s clay.
Men too are increasingly aware of their appearance in society's demand for a clean, smooth look.
Men too are often asymptomatic.
Men too are secretive about money.
Men too get breast cancer, although at lower rates than women.
Men too have a right to an intact body.
Men too lie on the ground and the rain soaks all nearly without exception.
Men too suffer from the traumas of the past, and appropriate acknowledgement is necessary.
Men top the list, more than ever.
Men touch mouths.
Men traditionally walk to the left of the ladies.
Men traditionally wear sports shirts, slacks and sport coats, with or without ties.
Men traditionally work materials such as wood, antler, and metal.
Men traditionally wrap the cloth around themselves, or women wear it as skirts and shirts.
Men transform their fear of male violence into a metaphysical commitment to male violence.
Men transmit the abnormal gene only to their daughters, all of whom become carriers.
Men transmuted into monsters become unwanted at the negotiating table.
Men travel the stars in enormous ships, cryogenically frozen for the duration of the voyage.
Men travelling alone sit next to the driver of the taxi.
Men treat women as commodities in today's society.
Men treat womyn like they are something to be had .
Men trust their eyes more than their ears.
Men try and change the subject.
Men try our lifestyle before committing to it.
Men try to be holy and they fail.
Men try to buy the ladies drinks, even on Ladies Night when women drink for free.
Men try to create order in a chaotic world.
Men try to enjoy itnow.
Men try to make their community safe.
Men try to overpower the boat, big mistake, while women let things take their natural course.
Men try to prove they fit into the stereotypes.
Men try to rule the world, while women just become it.
Men try to signal with resources, money, status.
Men turn aside through indifference even though their reckoning approaches.
Men turn by the left in the centre, once and a half.
Men turn into women.
Men turn single.
Men turn their heads and it is just alluring.
Men turn to buttfucking each other or join harems to get the sperm out.
Men turn to liquor, to drugs, and to themselves.
Men turn to moonshine to make enough to feed their children.
Men turn to pleasures and greed.
Men turn to sex, drugs, booze, too much golf, fishing all the time.
Men turn women against other women.
Men typically are more familiar with candidate policy positions than women.
Men typically experience substernal chest pain that radiates down the left arm.
Men typically feel anxiety, guilt, or depression, which in turn makes the problem worse.
Men typically have a high forehead with a receding hairline, and an average torso and musculature.
Men typically have fewer social supports to fall back on.
Men typically have higher HD rates than women.
Men typically move directly into the fraternity house.
Men typically shy away from closeness and intimacy in their friendships.
Men typically use women as sex objects.
Men typically wait in the tropical sun eight to ten hours a day with no bathrooms and no food.
Men typically wear a suit and tie or a pair of slacks with a blazer.
Men typically wear nice shirts and slacks or a coat and tie to the indoor events.
Men undergo a series of developments.
Men undergo injections.
Men undergo sperm injections.
Men understand and accept such behaviour.
Men understand and trust family planning services.
Men understand importance.
Men understand why risk management exists.
Men unite in certain family compacts for mutual defence and assistance.
Men use a devil's advocate form of speech.
Men use a quicker method of application by utilizing stenciled designs.
Men use alcohol and drugs with more enthusiasm than most women.
Men use equipment.
Men use habitats.
Men use hand and body gestures to direct flight operations on aircraft carriers.
Men use humor, like sports, to bond.
Men use it on their hair and beards to cover grey hair.
Men use it.
Men use life.
Men use many leg movements, such as squatting, kicking and leaping.
Men use more anti-perspirants than women do.
Men use more detail to explain a gender-neutral task to women.
Men use more services.
Men use more slang than women.
Men use more space than women.
Men use no figures of speech when telling how their own beloved one died.
Men use organs.
Men use our services too.
Men use spoons.
Men use stone tools.
Men use such equipment at home to a much higher extent than women.
Men use techniques.
Men use the door which leads to the more private end of the house.
Men use the Internet more than women.
Men use the Internet significantly more often each week than women.
Men use the L word to cement the relationship.
Men use the left side of the brain, while women use both left and right sides.
Men use the north.
Men use the straightforward facts.
Men use their cars for business trips and long-distance commuting.
Men use their economic power to maintain their standards of sex.
Men use their protestations because they are distrustful one of another.
Men use to spend a lot of time at sea.
Men use tools.
Men use violent methods such as shooting themselves more often than women.
Men use whatever hand is necessary so that the women can alternate hands.
Men using homeless shelters in Toronto are more likely to die than men in the general population.
Men value life.
Men view garages as multi-functional storage and entertainment areas.
Men view the phrase as accepting responsibility for a regrettable event or action.
Men view women.
Men violate women during war because it is considered an act proper of the victors.
Men visit burial sites.
Men visit doctors.
Men visit sites.
Men visit the doctor less often than women.
Men volunteer their time to assist with short term projects.
Men wait by the doors.
Men wait in the death cells to be hanged.
Men wait too.
Men wait until a day or two before the holiday and run to the store to find a gift.
Men wake up as good looking as they went to bed.
Men wake up as good-looking as they went to bed.
Men wake up as good-looking as when they went to bed.
Men walk about in the earth with earthly crowns of achievement.
Men walk across girders between two buildings.
Men walk as prophecies of the next age.
Men walk backwards like crabs and think they are making progress.
Men walk from the knee.
Men walk into rooms.
Men walk into stations.
Men walk on the fringes.
Men walk through the halls in pajama bottoms and bedroom slippers.
Men wander the streets in longis, the skirt-like traditional dress.
Men want chickens.
Men want crops.
Men want prey.
Men want products.
Men want sons.
Men want turkeys.
Men want wives.
Men ware black tie and women ware white dresses with gold clowns.
Men watch the action movie.
Men wear a blue shirt and trousers during the academic year.
Men wear a breechcloth, held up with a sash, with a simple shirt.
Men Wear a conservative suit that is cleaned and pressed.
Men wear a coordinated coat, shirt, tie, and slacks or suit.
Men wear a form of the djellaba, too.
Men wear a formal cutaway tux with an ascot and a top hat.
Men wear a long gown, the dishdash of white cotton.
Men wear a loose cotton shirt and trousers covered by an outer cloak.
Men wear a nice shirt and tie, while women wear a nice blouse.
Men wear a peaked cap, a brimmed felt hat, a kairalakki cap or a knitted woollen cap.
Men wear a sarong and a scarf or shoulder drape.
Men wear a shirt and women wear a long sleeved blouse with the skirt.
Men wear a shirt with trousers, or a sarong.
Men wear a shirt, long indigo trousers and scarfs.
Men wear a special type of hat.
Men wear a towel, women are nude or wear a towel as well.
Men wear a white shirt, tie, kilt, sporan, belt and long socks.
Men wear all black.
Men wear anoraks over their suits as they commute.
Men wear baggy green or blue pants pegged in at the ankles.
Men wear beards and wide-brimmed hats, and women wear plain long dresses and bonnets.
Men wear big jewelry in London as a deliberately kitsch, cool status symbol.
Men wear black tux, with burgundy tie and cummerbund.
Men wear black, collarless jackets and short, loose trousers.
Men wear black-dresses, and carry giant hammers, that they pound on a rock with.
Men wear blue baggy trousers with red or blue shirts, a simplified version of the women s blouses.
Men wear blue jackets with a white shirt, tie, dark shoes and slacks.
Men wear blue, white or black jackets that button down the front.
Men wear brief underwears.
Men wear caps only when walking.
Men wear caps.
Men wear caribou breeches while they zip around on snowmobiles.
Men wear checker shirts.
Men wear coats.
Men wear color.
Men wear cotton garments before cotton comes to Europe.
Men wear daura surwals made of black cloth, a wide waistband, and caps.
Men wear dockers.
Men wear double-breasted woollen gowns in which an astonishing number of articles can be stored.
Men wear earrings and necklaces and braid their hair in feminine styles.
Men wear either Ethiopian robes or Western dress.
Men wear fedoras and have long chains attached to their watches.
Men wear front-buttoned jackets and trousers, and black or white cloth turbans.
Men wear full, white pantaloons that fall below the knees.
Men wear fur or felt hats with tall, square crowns and rolled up rims.
Men wear gray shirts.
Men wear gray suits.
Men wear green circlets.
Men wear green, pink or yellow baggy pants and a blue jacket opening vertically.
Men wear hats.
Men wear it as a badge of honor.
Men wear it with no extra pieces of underwear.
Men wear jackets buttond in the middle or to the left, and usually belted.
Men wear kimonos most often at weddings and Japanese tea ceremonies.
Men Wear knee-length socks.
Men wear light color tights and ballet shoes.
Men wear lightweight slacks or shorts, sport shirts, comfortable shoes or sandals.
Men wear lizard heads.
Men wear long beards and the women all wear long cotton dresses.
Men wear long black cloaks, high leather boots and rumpled fedoras.
Men wear long jackets reaching down to the knees and girdles.
Men wear long kimonos same as women.
Men wear long pants and short embroidered jackets.
Men wear long pants and stylish shirts except when at the beach or doing manual labor.
Men wear long plaid robes, or gos .
Men wear long robes in winter.
Men wear long trousers in the evening.
Men wear long, flowing white robes and traditional kippot.
Men wear masks.
Men wear mostly dark suits.
Men wear neckties, and many women wear some kind of neatly tied scarf with a suit.
Men wear no head covering.
Men wear no neckties or buttons on their clothes.
Men wear only black, beige, or rust.
Men wear pale lightweight suits and panamas.
Men wear pink flowery shirts and turn away from our headlights.
Men wear plain cotton shirts, trousers, leather sandals, and sombreros.
Men wear scarves and hats when it is cold.
Men wear sensible socks.
Men wear shirt under the blanket, while women wear a petticoat in addition.
Men wear shirts that match their partners, sometimes with scarf ties.
Men wear shirts with trousers or sarongs.
Men wear shirts.
Men wear shoes.
Men wear short dresses and pants reaching the knee.
Men wear short jackets with buttons down the front, with the trousers tightly tied around the ankle.
Men wear short jackets with buttons in the front.
Men wear shorts and bring a towel.
Men wear shorts without shirts.
Men wear shorts.
Men wear shoulder capes, fitted jackets and hose.
Men wear slacks or jeans, and shirts or sweaters.
Men wear solid, plain colors and add a vest or coat for a formal occasion.
Men wear sports jackets or suits.
Men wear straw hats in summer or simply tie a piece of white cloth around their foreheads.
Men wear straw hats in the summer and leather caps with earflaps in the winter.
Men wear suits and shave daily.
Men wear suits for business meetings, social events.
Men wear suits, women dresses or long skirts.
Men wear suits.
Men wear suits.
Men wear swim trunks and dress shoes without socks.
Men wear tan slacks and sweaters, white shirts and simple wooden crosses around their necks.
Men wear the kilt and sporran, with a jacket and bonnet, with tartan hose with a sgian dhubh.
Men wear the pants.
Men wear the songkok, a traditional Malay cap.
Men wear the white ribbons in support against sexual violence.
Men wear their hair and beards long even in the years between performances.
Men wear their own selection of traditional business shirts, coats and ties.
Men wear their pistols tucked inside their boots.
Men wear ties and khaki pants or shorts, while women traditionally wear slacks or dresses.
Men wear tight skirt-like garments.
Men wear trousers and bright blankets.
Men wear turbans, or skull caps, called tagiyas, and women wear veils or head scarves.
Men wear turbans, shirts slit at the sides and shorts.
Men wear turbans.
Men wear tuxedos, dinner jackets, or dark suits.
Men wear underwears.
Men wear Western style cotton shirts and slacks.
Men wear western-style cotton shirts and slacks.
Men wear Western-style cotton shirts and slacks.
Men wear white checker shirts.
Men wear white robes and turbans.
Men wear white robes, turbans, and knives in brightly colored sashes.
Men wear white shirts.
Men wear white ties with bands.
Men wear wool caps.
Men wearing felt hats ride mule-drawn carts down streets lines with silvery poplar trees.
Men wearing little or nothing prowl the shadowy hallways.
Men weave the basic cloth, which is usually small.
Men weave the fabric and women embellish it.
Men weigh fish before putting it in the freezer at the fish center in Victoria.
Men welcome as guests.
Men welcome too.
Men widely report improved sex following vasectomy.
Men wield physical power, while women take naturally to magical skills and are closer to the divine.
Men wield the free market and other institutions as a means to control women.
Men wielding power over woman is an issue in and of itself.
Men will have dances.
Men will have difficult time.
Men will have time.
Men willingly believe what they wish.
Men willingly believe when they want to.
Men win at Scrabble.
Men wish to go their own way, to please themselves, to gratify their lusts.
Men wish to study the relationship of men to trouble.
Men wishing to obtain virtue enter here and, fleeing the body, become spirits.
Men witness incidents.
Men work for companies.
Men work in places.
Men work in professions.
Men work the same way.
Men Working on hillside near railroad tracks ca.
Men working together become better men.
Men working with women seem to maintain a distance and independence that discourages overprotection.
Men worry about comfort and placement.
Men worry about physical and mental function as they age.
Men worry about the future after they get a wife.
Men worry about the same, but they also have to worry about themselves.
Men worry about their family and kids and women worry about the national economy and defense.
Men worry about their own opportunities being reduced .
Men worship with their lips their hearts afar.
Men write about women to find out more about men.
Men write in, but their letters tend to be shorter and less detailed.
Men write letters.
Men write most history.
Men write to a long lost love.
Men zegt dat het een fataal virus is.
Man always aspires for profit, never for loss.
Man always does.
Man always hopes.
Man always learns more, never less.
Man always loses.
Man always tends to avoid physical contact with anything strange.
Man always tries to sneak a humanistic element into salvation.
Men always act upon their apprehensions of preferableness.
Men always are.
Men always ask women to go out on a date,and are expec ted to pay all expenses.
Men always brag about having a stable of women to choose from to date, sleep with, etc.
Men always do.
Men always expect to meet beautiful women at the laundromat.
Men always expect to meet beautiful women at the laundry.
Men always expect trouble to be alien.
Men always fall away from the faith.
Men always fall for frigid women because they put on the best show.
Men always greet each other by shaking hands.
Men always have a habit of displaying preening behaviour when a women approaches.
Men always have even numbers and women always have odd numbers.
Men always have the right to kill an animal to keep themselves alive.
Men always have their first love and some men try to deny it.
Men always lie in bed.
Men always lie.
Men always make the last decision.
Men always ought to pray, and never to cease.
Men always pull out.
Men always run from responsibilities.
Men always think about tits.
Men always think that size matters.
Men always think they can solve a woman's' problems, makes 'em feel omnipotent.
Men always win.
Men always wish to make of the Torah a crown, to boast and aggrandize themselves thru it.
Men always work better when they are assured of the possibility and even certainty of success.
Men frequently have electrodes attached to their penises.
Men frequently kick, hit, and abuse female wrestlers.
Man often clutches at straws.
Man often has mood swings and when depressed is inclined to resort to eating.
Man often is deceived.
Man often says one thing and does another.
Man often seeks revenge.
Man often wants to be independent for selfish reasons.
Man often yields to the law of immediate and easy pleasures.
MANs often have very high banwidth through fiber-optic cabling.
Men often accompany the bow with a handshake.
Men often admit they have difficulty with such things.
Men often appear to be further along in the grieving process than they actually are.
Men often applaud an imitation and hiss the real thing.
Men often are clueless about cultivating a passionate and romantic relationship with their wives.
Men often are comfortable bringing a pair of loose short pants.
Men often are.
Men often assume that the dictate of conscience is the moral standard by which to live.
Men often bear little grievances with less courage than they do large misfortunes.
Men often become more sensual with age.
Men often become painfully aware of their own mortality and start to examine their lives.
Men often become so disgusted with it as to leave it and hurl anathemas upon it.
Men often become what they believe themselves to be.
Men often blame factors outside themselves for their alcohol or drug problems.
Men often blame their intoxication for the abuse, or use it as an excuse to use violence.
Men often blame women for the transmission of virus.
Men often come from a variety of racial and cultural backgrounds.
Men often communicate for power.
Men often complain of feeling nothing.
Men often complain of severe pain in the testis followed by swelling and tenderness in the scrotum.
Men often cope differently than women.
Men often dance the reel in hard shoes.
Men often delay seeking medical attention because of the mildness of the typical early symptoms.
Men often describe a heart attack as being stepped on by an elephant.
Men often describe their emotional feelings in physical terms.
Men often dominate decision-making and so can seriously harm or help women's reproductive health.
Men often drink pox , a cheap grade of rum.
Men often embrace if well acquainted.
Men often enjoy a fast rush to sex.
Men often enjoy talking about their work.
Men often equate fertility with potency.
Men often exercise their power by representing women in demeaning and degrading ways.
Men often experience erection and women undergo changes in vaginal blood flow or lubrication.
Men often experience job conflict between their farming role and their off-farm work role.
Men often fall short in knowledge and attitudes about health and it shows.
Men often feel alone and powerless.
Men often feel guilty about their aggressive behaviour.
Men often feel helpless.
Men often feel insecure as males.
Men often feel shut out of the process.
Men often feel sidelined as their wives and partners go through pregnancy, childbirth and nursing.
Men often find it difficult to understand, and many women dread it.
Men often find it is easier to unwind from stress through physical activity rather than talking.
Men often get together and devise a plan of how to try to capture as many females as possible.
Men often get what they want just because they ask.
Men often give each other solid handshakes.
Men often grow female breasts, as estrogen accumulates in their system.
Men often grow large mustaches as a mark of masculinity.
Men often have a Neanderthal slump.
Men often have a poverty of spirit and relationships.
Men often have a tougher time reaching out.
Men often have intuition in the market that can help greatly.
Men often have less information and more distorted information about eating disorders.
Men often have more experiences speaking before groups.
Men often have no signs.
Men often have the larger prolactinomas and symptoms include loss of sex drive, and impotence.
Men often have their own valid ideas, their own intuition, and their own unique point of view.
Men often hold hands with friends, no sexual connotation.
Men often interpret passivity as permission.
Men often lack the support network of friends that women find so important.
Men often leak a few drops of semen before ejaculating, without realizing it.
Men often look for it through their own accomplishments.
Men often look for salvation in a small project.
Men often lose some of their hair as they grow older.
MEN often make covenants.
Men often march with women to show their support.
Men often marry their mothers.
Men often mature more slowly than women as well, further complicating the problem.
Men often notice more distinct changes.
Men often own the land, tools, and resources.
Men often prefer to compete in solving conflict.
Men often prefer to walk away from conflict.
Men often react to preservatives or fragrance in aftershave, cologne and shampoo.
Men often regard abortion rights as a way to avoid responsibility for their actions.
Men often relate better to facts in written form.
Men often remove jackets during meetings.
Men often represent themselves as women.
Men often resort to zones and half-court sets while the women's action is fast and furious.
Men often say a woman is more alluring when provocatively dressed than when totally nude.
Men often say they are sorry afterwards, make promises and say they'll never do it again.
Men often see that marriage is important to long-term career goals.
Men often see their verbal pressure as being less forceful than women do.
Men often seek younger wives.
Men often seem to respond well to communication that is direct, honest and to the point.
Men often share more freely with men, and women with women.
Men often shave their heads clean.
Men often speak in ways that establish their independence and status.
Men often start to gain excess fat in their late twenties and thirties.
Men often subsidize unemployed, under-employed, and marginally employed women through marriage.
Men often succeed in re-establishing themselves if they admit their crime and take their punishment.
Men often take far too lightly the job of protector.
Men often take the attitude that they are helping the wife out when they pitch in - doing a favour.
Men often take the idealistic approach, trying hard to see the positive in the situation.
Men often tend to structure play and interaction with children around a task, game, or project.
Men often think more about the overall picture while women are concerned with the event's details.
Men often think women want complete and total devotion of the man's time and focus.
Men often think women want the same things they want and women make the same mistake.
Men often try to block out their grief.
Men often use humor to communicate.
Men often use the wrong standard for righteousness.
Men often violate their contracts, apparently without any compunctions of conscience.
Men often wait too long to do something about stress.
Men often wear beards and never have long hair.
Men often wear clothes too small, women too large.
Men often wear jackets and trousers with waist sashes, while women wear broad front-layered skirts.
Men often wear loincloths and women wear panniers.
Men often wear long shirts with wide lapels and wrap their heads with blue cloth.
Men often work outside the home and yet wield most of the power in the relationship.
Man sometimes is in despair of attaining repentance.
Men sometimes approach it through sexual expression and come to intimacy and communication.
Men sometimes believe, if unconsciously, women want to have a relationship for the sake of security.
Men sometimes declare bankruptcy to get rid of all their regular creditors.
Men sometimes die anyway, no matter what the best combat leaders decide or do.
Men sometimes do that.
Men sometimes engage in sex as a means of psycological comfort comfort when they are down.
Men sometimes feel injured by praise because it assigns a limit to their merit.
Men sometimes get like animals and get after women.
Men sometimes have a difficulty in making themselves clear.
Men sometimes have a problem making a committment.
Men sometimes have a right to kill.
Men sometimes have no symptoms and can spread it without knowing they have it.
Men sometimes remove hairs between the brows.
Men sometimes require a jacket and tie for eating out at the most exclusive restaurants.
Men sometimes rise to their sense of competition.
Men sometimes soap up their penis and go to town.
Men sometimes think that women expect a little force when it comes to sex.
Men sometimes try to use the term derogatorily, women keep appropriating it and making it their own.
Men sometimes use dogs to hunt the raccoon.
Men sometimes utilize that friction to be competitive, to go farther.
Men sometimes wear high top hats with wide brims and buckles.
Men usually become homeless due to a combination of reasons.
Men usually command the remote control to enforce their authority.
Men usually consume plenty of fiber.
Men usually control drug injecting situations.
Men usually demonstrate referred anger.
Men usually develop prostate problems only when they're older.
Men usually do the heavy farm work, while the women do both domestic and farm chores.
Men usually do when introduced to other men.
Men usually do.
Men usually don t talk, lest their hideous minds be known to spouses -they remain quiet, composed.
Men usually dress in a plain, dark colored suit.
Men usually ejaculate easily but women frequently have trouble climaxing.
Men usually experience pain during urination followed by a milky discharge from the urethra.
Men usually experience their first episode in their early twenties.
Men usually find that their scrotum is bruised and swollen for a number of days afterwards.
Men usually find their identity through their accomplishments.
Men usually fish with lines and hooks or with nets from dugout canoes.
Men usually gain weight in the center of their bodies, particularly around their stomachs.
Men usually gather in one group with the bridegroom, and women gather separately in another section.
Men usually go to smaller, poorly-furnished apartments.
Men usually have a desire for more frequent sex and greater variety in forms of sexual play.
Men usually have a higher BMR because of their greater tendency toward lean muscle tissue.
Men usually have a higher BMR than women since they tend to have more muscle.
Men usually have a more distant and rational relation to daily family life and nature.
Men usually have erections while they are sleeping.
Men usually have fairly complicated organizing systems for their records, CDs and tapes.
Men usually have greater authority than women.
Men usually have hair on their chest.
Men usually have more partners than women.
Men usually have no signs.
Men usually have no symptoms but carry the microbe in the urethra or prostate.
Men usually have no symptoms but carry the organism in the urethra.
Men usually have no symptoms.
Men usually have only one wife, and children are considered a necessity.
Men usually help with the clearing of the lan, and practice some hunting.
Men usually herd animals to distant places and engage in farming.
Men usually hunt in small groups, but the food they provide is minimal.
Men usually learn how their genitals work before sharing themselves with a woman.
Men usually lift things that are too heavy, like shoveling rocks into a wheelbarrow.
Men usually love bread pudding.
Men usually love to solve problems.
Men usually make up the hunters and the women the gathers.
Men usually marry later in life because they have no means of supporting a family.
Men usually notice localized balding, either at the temples, the top of the head, or at the crown.
Men usually orgasm from intercourse alone, and women infrequently do.
Men usually pay the bills, so getting better salaries ultimately balances everything out.
Men usually perfer Silver anyway.
Men usually plant and cultivate cash crops, women raise subsistence crops.
Men usually plant the bananas, sugar cane, and manap while women plant the potatoes and greens.
Men usually play the best out of five sets and women, the best out of three sets.
Men usually prefer the cloth in the traditional toga style and in the form of Western-style shirts.
Men usually relate first sexually, then verbally.
Men usually require larger amounts for farming.
Men usually respond to therapy no differently than women who have breast cancer.
Men usually see a urologist.
Men usually shake hands with each other the first time they meet.
Men usually shake hands.
Men usually show no symptoms.
Men usually sing and provide the instrumental accompaniment to honor the women.
Men usually speak to each other only for a specific reason, to accomplish a well-defined task.
Men usually spend their time by gambling or walking around idly.
Men usually stick out bad relationships because of the sex.
Men usually take a pounding as they are a minority in most instances.
Men usually talk for practical reasons whereas women tend to talk for recreation.
Men usually think of breasts in sexual terms.
Men usually try to cast over it, and end up on it.
Men usually use less body language than women.
Men usually ware a Velcro belt for support.
Men usually wear a black suit, a black necktie, and a white shirt.
Men usually wear baggy trousers, coarse shirts, boots, and shaggy wool hats.
Men usually wear baggy trousers, course shirts, boots, and shaggy wool hats.
Men usually wear conservative earth tones.
Men usually wear linen or cotton loose pants with embriodered waistbands.
Men usually wear nice pants and short-sleeved shirts.
Men usually wear one around their necks.
Men usually wear short jackets with front buttons.
Men usually wear the charro outfit, which can be from the gala outfit to the caporal one.
All man needs is food, water, shelter, and clothing.
All man needs is to get lost in Tao .
All man needs is to get lost in Tao.
All man pages where updated and a few new ones written.
All men adore.
All men appear to speak Swahili, all women understand it.
All men arch.
All men are abusive in some way.
All men are afraid in battle.
All men are afraid of eyelash curlers.
All men are alike in their dreams, and all men are alike in the promises they make.
All men are alone, together.
All men are always guilty of everything.
All men are animals, Some just make better pets.
All men are animals.
All men are at home.
All men are at risk.
All men are aware of estrangement from their true nature.
All men are basically good.
All men are basically the same, though they appear different through our mistake.
All men are blood relatives.
All men are bound, always, to do right.
All men are brothers .
All men are brothers with a human dignity.
All men are brothers.
All men are brutish louts.
All men are by nature born equally free and independent.
All men are by nature equal.
All men are by nature equally free and independent.
All men are by nature the children of wrath.
All men are crazy lunatic sex fiends.
All men are created equal .
All men are created equal, some just work harder.
All men are created equal.
All men are creative but few are artists.
All men are cremated equal.
All men are different.
All men are difficult.
All men are dogs,' they say, meaning men are amorously indiscriminate.
All men are dreamers.
All men are egocentric at the core.
All men are equal - it just sticks out more on some.
All men are equal before the law, but they are no longer equal after it.
All men are equal but it's what they're equal to that counts.
All men are equal but some men are more equal than others.
All men are equal by nature and before law.
All men are equal in the presence of death.
All men are equal in whatever is necessary for their nature and end.
All men are equal under the law.
All men are equal, but some men are more equal'.
All men are equal.
All men are equally free and independent.
All men are equally sinful.
All men are false, and guileful ways they seek.
All men are frauds.
All men are free based on the commonality of their humanity.
All MEN are free of other men's goods.
All men are free.
All men are frightened.
All men are full of endless striving, struggling, fightings within and anxieties without.
All Men Are Ghosts.
All men are guilty in Adam, and are therefore born with a corrupt nature.
All men are guilty of sin.
All men are harassers.
All men are heels.
All men are high hormonal girl users.
All men are homosexual, some turn straight.
All men are idiots.
All men are indeed equal under the law.
All men are integrated, but varyingly so.
All men are interdependent.
All men are jerks.
All men are kin.
All men are liars.
All men are like chickens with their heads cut off when they see beautiful women pass by.
All men are like grass , and all their glory is like the flowers of the field.
All men are like grass and all their glory is like the flowers of the field.
All men are like grass, and all their glory is like the flowers of the field.
All men are lonely.
All men are masculine in Hebrew.
All men are members of the same body, Created from one essence.
All men are mirrors to themselves, sores, ills, and all.
All men are monsters. .
All men are morally depraved.
All men are more alike than they are different.
All Men Are Mortal , transl.
All men are mortal.
All MEN are mortal.
All men are naturally selfish.
All men are naturally strong . . .
All men are of one family by creation, and all are one through redemption.
All men are oppressors.
All men are our enemies, as they are strangers.
All men are personally responsible for their sins.
All men are physico-chemically equal.
All men are pigs.
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened.
All men are rapists , A modest proposal.
All men are rapists and that's all they are.
All men are ready to invest their money But most expect dividends.
All men are really looking for is a new cow.
All men are responsible for one another.
All men are responsible for the environment.
All men are scared spitless of the witch doctor.
All men are scum, each and every one.
All men are seducible if they are straight.
All men are sinners and deserve to go to hell.
All men are sinners and sin plays a bigger role in the past than anyone likes to think.
All men are sinners and under condemnation.
All men are sinners by nature and choice.
All men are sinners indiscriminately.
All men are sinners.
All men are spiritual beggars.
All men are subject to death.
All men are subject to disease and death.
All men are subject to some degree of temptation.
All men are terrible.
All men are the objects of Satan's devices.
All men are the same as humanity, but all are different as individuals.
All men are the same, or so says Marxist theory.
All men are the same.
All men are theologians.
All men are under a strict obligation to accept that kingdom.
All men are ungodly and unrighteous by nature.
All men are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All Men are Welcome for a time of refreshment and renewal.
All men are welcome in our circle of respect.
All men are welcome to attend a Bible Study on the Life of Prayer in our lives.
All men are welcome to attend and enjoy the fellowship.
All men are welcome to attend as many events sponsored by as many groups as desired.
All men are welcome to attend.
All men are welcome to come and learn.
All men are welcome to come eat and fellowship, as our program begins.
All men are welcome to come for food, devotions and fellowship.
All men are welcome to come out for fellowsihp and support. .
All men are welcome to join in.
All men are welcome to join the UMM for breakfast, conversation and prayer.
All men are welcome to participate.
All men are welcome.
All men are Welcome.
All Men are welcome.
All men are XY, meaning that they received an X from their mother, and a Y from their father.
All men assume the religious attitude, then, when they pray.
All men bear a mark, either of evil or good.
All men become mentors to their nephews according to matrilineal ways.
All men believe they know how to satisfy a woman.
All men can become gods.
All men can become instruments of the creator.
All men can know themselves saved.
All men cheat.
All men climb the ladder of death.
All men deserve to be let go.
All men deserve to die.
All men desire by nature to know.
All men desire happiness.
All men desire peace, but few men desire the things that make peace.
All men desire to be immortal.
All men die in Adam.
All men die physically because they are the sons of Adam.
All men die.
All men do their thinking on the basis of a position accepted by faith.
All men do.
All men dream but unequally.
All men dream of life in the wild west.
All men dream.
All men dwellin the first, while the latter two are attainable only by the members of the church.
All men equally deserve to die in hell forever.
All men everywhere believe in a higher power.
All men experience a gradual reduction of testosterone levels.
All men fall into the latter category.
All men feel that the duration of life of living creatures is governed by fixed laws.
All men go naked and most are painted.
All men go to the valley now and women and children remain here.
All men hate the wretched.
All men haue their beginning and end alike.
All men have a hidden desire to compete and win.
All men have a right to work.
All men have essentially the same intellectual nature.
All men have eyes but few have the gift of penetration.
All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
All men have fears during a pregnancy.
All men have glands in their armpits and crotch that naturally produce pheromones.
All men have in themselves that which is truly honourable.
All men have moments when they stumble and are in the valley.
All men have partial consciences, or want comprehension of some duties.
All men have small nodules of rudimentary breast tissue.
All men have some illumination, and all are declared to be obstinate or stubborn.
All men have the means to become rapists.
All men have the right of religious liberty.
All men have the same form in the abstract.
All men have the same needs and concerns .
All men have their frailties.
All men have their prejudices.
All men have their price.
All men have ties with Texas.
All men have to do is walk by their wives or girlfriends who are busy with their own activities.
All men have weaknesses.
All men have wet clothes now four days.
All men have wills.
All men have.
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.
All men including humanists hold for absolute values.
All men join as equals with full membership.
All men know instinctively when the timing is right to change back a channel.
All men know that if they have to ask their wives if they re mad, they already know the answer.
All men know that they are going to die, but many doubt the resurrection.
All men know that women have g-spots.
All men know what nude women look like and all women know what nude men look like.
All men live enveloped in the whale-lines.
All men live enveloped in whale-lines.
All men look alike but have different natures.
All men look nerdy in black socks and sandals.
All men love blowjobs.
All men love the man.
All Men Make a Difference .
All Men Make a Difference.
All men make bad decisions in life.
All men make faults.
All men make mistakes, but only wise men learn from their mistakes.
All men mean well.
All men move as in chess, except there is no castling or en passant.
All men naturally desire knowledge.
All men naturally desire to beep.
All men now pay for all women and all children.
All men obey either the voice of sin or of righteousness.
All men observe and experience cause and effect.
All men pass normally and healthily into a second phase of personality, alternating with the first.
All men realize they are responsible for their actions.
All men remember, are eternal.
All men require food, shelter, and water.
All men retreat to workshop corners.
All men return to base goldielox has enter the sector.
All men rise at morn and sell themselves, thereby setting themselves free or destroying themselves.
All men say sperm is taken.
All men search for happiness.
All men secretly think they're saints or exceedingly nice guys, anyway.
All men see themselves as gladiators-strong, fit and fearless, willing to take on any challenge.
All men seek a secure source of real income.
All men seek dominion, and warfare rages inside every man about how wealth is best generated.
All men seek happiness, but instead of seeking in the right path, they wander up and down.
All men seem to be rushing into the lake of fire which only awaits their pushing of the button.
All men sin and fall short of salvation.
All men sin as soon as they are capable of moral actions.
All men sin, and die.
All men sin.
All men sneeze.
All men speak well of it.
All men struggle with right and wrong almost daily.
All men struggle with temptation and sin.
All men suck, some just hide it better than others.
All men think about sex all the time.
All men think all men are mortal but themselves.
All men think all men mortal but themselves.
All men think all men mortal, but themselves.
All men think that they're nice guys.
All men think there macho, who cares, boring.
All men think they're fascinating.
All men thirst for peace, happiness and bliss.
All men together can be quite bitchy.
All men wear a kippah in worship as a sign of respect.
All men wear beards after they marry.
All men wear the kippa during times of prayer or fulfillment of religious rites.
All men wear two plain white cloths, and women wear plain robes.
All men welcome.
All men wish that was so.
All men worship something.
Any man can be a father but it takes someone special to be a dad.
Any man can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad.
Any man can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a Daddy.
Any man can become the redeemer of a woman.
Any man can fall victim to that influence.
Any man can fight the battles of just one day.
Any man can fight the battles of today.
Any man can fulfill that calling.
Any man can get prostate cancer, but some men are at higher risk.
Any man can get testicular cancer, and the causes are unknown.
Any man can get testicular cancer, but it is more common in white men than in black men.
Any man can get the disease.
Any man can have sex, but few can bestow great sex upon a woman.
Any man can have sex, but only few can bestow great sex upon a woman.
Any man can hold a cheerleader's hand, but only the elite can hold their feet.
Any man can lead a team in the manner that a ship travels.
Any man can make the effort to reach that knowledge.
Any man can predict.
Any man can sing in the day.
Any man can stand on a soap box.
Any man can suggest reasonable alternatives to the judgement of arms.
Any man can voluntarily enter the program.
Any man can write verses in the love season.
Any man experiencing the death of a loved one, friend or family member, is invited.
Any man has an opportunity to attack the traveler and get away with it.
Any man involved in an incestuous relationship is unworthy to hold the priesthood.
Any man involved with boats and a woman at the same time, is in deep trouble.
Any man is capable of the atrocities committed on the island.
Any man turns in the wrong sheet spends a night in the box.
Every man alone is sincere.
Every man are hard worker.
Every man be a king, and let no man wear a crown.
Every Man Be Armed .
Every Man Be Armed is the first such book.
Every man boasts of some sins conquered, but true repentance is a repulsion of sin as a whole.
Every man borns free, and starts living free equal in terms of dignity and respect.
Every man can become a gentleman.
Every man can claim to be led by a spirit into all truth.
Every man can handle a gun, which, however, only the richer possess, and a bow and arrow.
Every man can help eliminate violence against women.
Every man can pick and choose.
Every man carries weapons.
Every man contains a door for the people.
Every man dies three times.
Every man dies, but only a few have the privilege of dying for a cause.
Every man dies.
Every man dreams about being sandwiched between two or more hot chicks.
Every man dreams of having a gaming babe for their wife.
Every man enjoys their delusions, even deputies.
Every man fears the death of the flesh, few the death of the soul.
Every man feels a desire to be happy .
Every man feels a desire to be happy.
Every man feels a sense of relationship with the cosmos.
Every man get arms.
Every man has a breaking point.
Every man has a different idea of what is beautiful.
Every man has a feminine side.
Every man has a job to do.
Every man has a lifeboat station.
Every man has a limit.
Every man has a little boy inside and every woman has a little girl inside.
Every man has a little boy inside, and every woman has a little girl inside.
Every man has a mob self and an individual self, in varying proportions.
Every man has a price.
Every man has a right to one vote, and no more in the choice of representatives.
Every man has a sane spot somewhere.
Every man has a secret ambition to outsmart horses, fish, and women.
Every man has a story.
Every man has a thousand faces.
Every man has a vision.
Every man has a vote in the affairs of the moment.
Every man has a wife, but all wives are used promiscuously.
Every man has an atmosphere which is affecting every other.
Every man has an evil inclination which causes sin, but it also causes merit.
Every man has an immortal soul.
Every man has business and desire, Such as it is.
Every man has fly stories.
Every man has one.
Every man has some fear.
Every man has some special ways to masturbate.
Every man has something to hide.
Every man has the capacity to be successful with a woman.
Every man has the right to make a living.
Every man has to enquire every moment about the purpose and goal of life.
Every man has two lines of descent.
Every Man Has Two Wives.
Every man here's so.
Every man is a borrower and a mimic, life is theatrical and literature a quotation.
Every man is a brother, every woman a sister.
Every man is a church.
Every man is a composite.
Every man is a consumer, and ought to be a producer.
Every man is a creature.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day.
Every man is a dead end for organelle genes.
Every man is a descendant of every king and every slave that ever lived.
Every man is a divinity in disguise, a god playing the fool.
Every man is a fool in some man's opinion.
Every man is a hero.
Every man is a hypocrite.
Every man is a judge, a teacher and a legislator.
Every man is a king.
Every man is a liar.
Every man is a link in the great chain.
Every man is a part of the continent, a piece of the main.
Every man is a part of the social organism.
Every man is a partial evolution- ist.
Every man is a proprietor in society, and draws on the capital as a matter of right.
Every man is a sinner.
Every man is a vital link in the great chain.
Every man is absolutley different from any other.
Every man is appointed once to die.
Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one.
Every man is born free and equal.
Every man is born with a conscience.
Every man is born with the ability to do something well.
Every man is called to go in the way of holiness.
Every man is capable of spreading divine splendor throughout creation.
Every man is eligible into our government from time to time for life.
Every man is engaged in accumulating money.
Every man is enthusiastic at times.
Every man is frightened at first in battle.
Every man is guilty of sin and deserves punishment.
Every man is handsome, every woman is beautiful and everyone is rich.
Every man is honoured.
Every man is invited to join for ftm, fellowship and leaming.
Every man is like every other man, like some other men, like no other man.
Every man is mortal.
Every man is needed there that can be got.
Every man is proprietor in society, and draws on the capital as a matter of right.
Every man is responsible for defending every woman and child.
Every man is responsible to every other man.
Every man is someone's son.
Every man is stoned by time's hearth stones, every long, high tent is pulled down.
Every man is taller than y , where y is a woman in the group.
Every man is the outgrowth of a series of influences.
Every man is touched by tragedy at some time.
Every man is unique.
Every man is wanted, and no man is wanted much.
Every man is welcome regardless of skill, sports, knowledge, or physical condition.
Every man is welcome.
Every man is womanized, merely by being born.
Every man is wounded.
Every man jump off the boat to free it.
Every man knows that it is.
Every man knows what it's like to be teased and called a girl.
Every man likes that.
Every man likes to have contact with an attractive and charming woman.
Every man lives again in the race.
Every man longs to be a hero, every woman, a princess.
Every man loves a challenge.
Every man loves a woman.
Every man loves cute girls giving head.
Every man makes mistakes.
Every man needs a dream.
Every man needs a hobby.
Every man needs a spanking.
Every man needs a three-car garage.
Every man needs a toy or two.
Every man needs a woman.
Every man needs at least one elegant, high quality suit.
Every man needs encouragement from a fellow believer and pilgrim.
Every man needs love.
Every man needs more than one day for rest and recreation.
Every man needs to bond with other men from the heart.
Every man needs to know for better sexual life.
Every man owes much to others.
Every man remains a boy at heart.
Every man seeks the same ultimate thing.
Every man seems to work in every muscle.
Every man serves the whole.
Every man vanishes without trace.
Every man wants that.
Every man wants to be a woman's first.
Every man wants to be elegant.
Every man wants to be pursued by two women.
Every man wants to feel loved, and most can give love.
Every man wants to get cut, especially in the midsection area.
Every man wants to know the perfect pick-up line.
Every man wants to leave a lasting legacy.
Every man wants to look tall and slender, but they want comfort first.
Every man wants to watch two girls doing each other, and many girls secretly lust for each other.
Every man wants to write a book, and the end of the world is evidently approaching.
Every man wears a tie.
Every man wishes to rule the world.
Every man wishes with more or less energy for health, wealth, consideration, success.
Every man worships something.
Every man's an Island, and the tide is coming in.
Every mans dream, the buxom blonde blowjob giving honeypot.
Every men has a path in life.
Many men often blur the image of what they do for a living with whom they are.
Many man are cruel.
Many men accept the cultural norm that males lack the biological capacity to deal with emotion.
Many men actually prefer a woman with some meat on their bones.
Many men address the golf ball in a tense, aggressive and angry manner.
Many men also call it 'marriage'.
Many men also experience a feeling of heaviness or aching in the testicle or lower abdomen.
Many men also feel more comfortable in their wrap around 'skirts' than trousers.
Many men also feel unhappy about their penis' appearance after the circumcision.
Many men also find it helpful to talk to a counselor during the adjustment period after surgery.
Many men also find it more appealing than the latex male condom.
Many men also find that it is a very nice feeling on their penis.
Many men amuse themselves with a small mental game.
Many men approach lovemaking a bit like driving a car.
Many men approve of family planning and contraception.
Many men are able to produce sperm, but are still infertile due to the poor quality of the sperm.
Many men are actually quite frightened by a woman who is fully sexually awakened.
Many men are afraid to show weakness, they say, and conform to peer pressure.
Many men are allies in their struggle.
Many men are already ambivalent about being sexually intimate or feel burned out from heartbreak.
Many men are also unprepared for the break up of their relationship.
Many men are bilingual in Arabic.
Many men are busy with their jobs and families in addition to running a business.
Many men are concerned with their penis size, and are looking for ways to enlarge the penis.
Many men are confused.
Many men are eager to break out of narrow sex roles.
Many men are embarrassed or reluctant to speak to their health care providers about impotency .
Many men are embarrassed or reluctant to speak to their health care providers about impotency.
Many men are enthusiastic about oral sex.
Many men are equally shy.
Many men are frightened to think of injecting the penis with a needle.
Many men are gentlemen.
Many men are hesitant of being too close to other men.
Many men are hidden survivors of acquaintance rape.
Many men are highly defensive, impulsive, swift to react.
Many men are ignorant about how their sexual words affect women.
Many men are married.
Many men are merely curious, and are eager to strike up a conversation and practice their English.
Many men are more confused than ever about what it means to be a dad today.
Many men are no longer comfortable with their traditional male role.
Many men are no longer the sole financial support of the family.
Many men are obviously verbally cruel and abusive.
Many men are only concerned with satisfying themselves.
Many men are particularly sensitive around the nipples.
Many men are quite interested in the topics of custody and visitation.
Many men are reluctant to have a vasectomy, even though it has no effect on sexual performance.
Many men are reluctant to talk about testicular cancer because of embarrassment.
Many men are selfish.
Many men are silent victims of abortion.
Many men are simply too handsome to lead public worship.
Many men are sincere, but they can also be sincerely wrong.
Many men are socially isolated.
Many men are still in the dark when it comes to shampoo, conditioners, and styling products.
Many men are surprised when asked to be examined in an infertility clinic, but it can be helpful.
Many men are that way.
Many men are the victims of verbally abusive wives.
Many men are today store owners.
Many men are too sensitive to even discuss their problem with a doctor.
Many men are unaware of the sensitive areas surrounding the butt.
Many men are unaware that they have a prostate tumour.
Many men are uncomfortable about such a personal health issue.
Many men are uncomfortable discussing problems of a sexual nature with their physician.
Many men are under the misconception that a woman always has to have the last word.
Many men are under the misconception that a woman has to have the last word.
Many men are unknowingly at risk.
Many men are unwilling to admit that they have lost anything to circumcision.
Many men are.
Many men argue about the best college basketball team, but somebody needs to stand on the word.
Many men argue over the weather but somebody needs to stand up for the word.
Many men ask similar questions.
Many men ask their fathers and their souls.
Many men assume that being with one s wife is sufficiently alone to allow cutting of the cheese.
Many men begin during the pregnancy to develop a bond with their child.
Many men begin with common-law unions.
Many men believe that women view such activities as flattering.
Many men believe, however, that they are far better sexual partners with the device.
Many men blame their violence on the effects of drug and alcohol use.
Many men boast of having an open mind, when it is only vacant.
Many men bring the towels, sheets and dishes picked out by their former wife.
Many men buy engagement rings around V-day for a romantic way to propose.
Many men can command the external appearances of sensibility with very little real feeling.
Many men can correct their weight simply by improving their diet.
Many men can find no satisfactory definition of manhood.
Many men can prolong intercourse if they wear a condom.
Many men can put up with leg pulling but eventually the joke wears a bit thin.
Many men can recall the pain of being excluded from a school team.
Many men can see the logic of women wanting larger breasts - or firmer fannies or smaller thighs.
Many men can speak Bengali.
Many men can tell the same story.
Many men can tell when their prostate is being touched because it s very sensitive.
Many men can tell when their prostate is being touched because it's very sensitive.
Many men can, and do, come within two minutes of beginning to masturbate.
Many men care more about their manhood than their health.
Many men change jobs, move, and do a variety of things to avoid payment.
Many men choose work in the fields of law enforcement, security, and emergency medical technology.
Many men claim that the removal of the foreskin has a dramatic impact on their sexual experience.
Many men claim that there is increased pressure when they squirt.
Many men claim to have gotten stronger and firmer erections after losing weight.
Many men come from Mexico and spend several months each year following different harvests.
Many men come to the doctor complaining of loss of interest, rather than loss of ability.
Many men complain that far too many sex partners simply bob their heads up and down.
Many men comply poorly with recommended annual rectal examinations to detect prostate cancer.
Many men consider themselves much better looking than they actually are.
Many men consider women too frail and delicate to be held accountable for their decisions.
Many men define themselves almost exclusively in terms of their work.
Many men delay treatment due to denial or fear of disfigurement and loss of sexual function.
Many men desire to take out permits.
Many men didn t know how to call and get an appointment or had no tolerance waiting on hold.
Many men die from the poor conditions at the camp.
Many men dislike a pointed stern, and consider it ugly.
Many men do have some sort of fantasy of being able to accept pain or torture.
Many men do, in fact, only feel worthwhile when they are engaging in violence.
Many men drift through several periods of dating throughout their lives.
Many men drink to relax and handle their anxiety before having sex.
Many men eat up their property, and many men keep mistresses.
Many men engage in feminist activities and join feminist rights groups.
Many men enjoy a vibrator during intercourse as much as a woman does.
Many men enjoy having their nipples stimulated.
Many men enjoy masturbating using a lubricant, rather than dry.
Many men enjoy masturbating while in the cylinder.
Many men enjoy working with resources from the natural environment to create their art.
Many men even find it degrading to be loved because they make good husbands.
Many men exaggerate the importance of deep vaginal penetration in stimulating a woman to orgasm .
Many men exaggerate the importance of deep vaginal penetration in stimulating a woman to orgasm.
Many men expect their wives to resemble the women they see in the media.
Many men experience considerable health problems due to lack of exercise.
Many men face impotency problems.
Many men fear being caught in the women's rights legal dragnet for batterers.
Many men fear female victory.
Many men fear the range of treatments available are too embarrassing or painful to contemplate.
Many men feel more comfortable networking with other men, and vice versa.
Many men feel quite powerless and have been damaged by harsh masculine socialization.
Many men feel ready for sex whatever kind of day they have had.
Many men feel that fertility problems threaten their manliness.
Many men feel that their lives are ones of unrealized intentions.
Many men feel that they have lost their masculinity with the loss of erectile ability.
Many men feel the same way about service careers.
Many men feel the same way.
Many men feel their partner is passive sexually.
Many men feel they are becoming social victims.
Many men feel they have a right to exert power and control over the women in their lives.
Many men feel very tired at the end of the treatment period.
Many men find it difficult to ask for help when they are depressed - it can feel unmanly and weak.
Many men find it difficult to climax while being fellated.
Many men find it difficult to show their grief around others.
Many men find it embarrassing and uncomfortable to talk about it even with their doctor.
Many men find it hard to move away from their fathers.
Many men find it helpful to write down their questions ahead of time.
Many men find it necessary to supplement their income on a part time basis.
Many men find it very stimulating to watch their ejaculate explode onto their wife's body.
Many men find jobs as store clerks or on construction sites.
Many men find that being restrained or blindfolded increases the intensity of an erotic experience.
Many men find that manual stimulation by their partner is needed to gain a full erection.
Many men find the prospect of lifelong impotence devastating.
Many men find themselves being the main carer for a person with dementia.
Many men find, for example, that they have much better orgasm control as they get older.
Many men fish and leave their victims to rot and stink.
Many men gain potency by injecting drugs into the penis, causing it to become engorged with blood.
Many men get nervous and reactionary before their first baby is born.
Many men give perfume to their wives, sweethearts and mothers.
Many men give their strenuous exercise program as the reason for their good health.
Many men give themselves a bad name by doing stupid things and being hell of disrespectful.
Many men go astray, running after external works and discipline.
Many men go on to have quite a few more orgasms by continuing to take matters into their own hands.
Many men go out of that institution a great deal better than when they first entered.
Many men go through life with numerous physical and emotional complaints.
Many men go to painstaking efforts to ensure the moment is memorable.
Many men go to the seminary, stay a year or two, and then leave.
Many men have a difficult time dealing with neutering of their male pets.
Many men have a fantasy of watching a woman masturbate.
Many men have a fascination with women's breasts.
Many men have a harder time doing the splits, for various reasons.
Many men have a large varicocele on one side and a small varicocele on the other side.
Many men have a problem with erectile function at some time in their lives.
Many men have a problem with it also.
Many men have a problem.
Many men have a tendency to leave last year's clothing in the bottom of the drawer.
Many men have a very warped view about women, love, sex, and romance.
Many men have an enlarged prostate, especially as they age.
Many men have desires outside their relationships and they're bombarded with images of sexuality.
Many men have erections that point up in the air instead of straight out.
Many men have great dreams.
Many men have low sexual desire, too.
Many men have male pattern baldness.
Many men have many minds.
Many men have no good example to look up to in their immediate environment.
Many men have no idea where their prostate gland is or what it does.
Many men have no problem with their sperm count , no matter their lifestyles.
Many men have no sperm in their semen because of vasectomy or other causes of blocked ducts.
Many men have NO symptoms.
Many men have occasional erection problems.
Many men have occasional periods of impotence.
Many men have personal experiences which witness BOTH as true.
Many men have problems establishing and maintaining intimacy in relationships.
Many men have problems getting or maintaining an erection at the beginning of a relationship.
Many men have to find out how to rearrange a budget to accomodate the new baby.
Many men have trouble dealing with strong women.
Many men have trouble meeting women.
Many men have trouble telling a doctor or a partner about a health symptom.
Many men here carry purses.
Many men however prefer to receive medication to achieve the same effect.
Many men imagine women are 'up for it' if they reveal masses of flesh.
Many men justify their violence by portraying themselves as the victim.
Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it.
Many men know more about their cars than they do about their own or their wives' bodies.
Many men know the pleasure of crafting things with their hands.
Many men know they have a varicocele because they can feel the mass of dilated veins in the scrotum.
Many men lack a woman without doing anything about it.
Many men lay dead or wounded on the earth.
Many men learn to lie bcs they want to avoid conflict above all else.
Many men leave the land to go to the cities to try to find work.
Many men leave the plant for higher paying defense jobs.
Many men leave their wives and children in China, and visit on the weekends or when business allows.
Many men like to have their scrotum and testes fondled or licked during oral sex.
Many men like to wait before getting intimate with women about whom they really care.
Many men live in a category one or two addiction for years and never progress any further.
Many men live out their lives without ever even suspecting that they have an additional chromosome.
Many men live very fulfilling lives without a foreskin.
Many men live with it.
Many men lose most or all of the hair on the top of the head.
Many men love full-figured women.
Many men love power.
Many men love to grill foods outdoors, so check that category.
Many men masturbate and have lots of sex with their partner as well.
Many men move on like hummingbirds leaving young children behind to be raised solely by the mother.
Many men never develop any symptoms.
Many men never move on to intimacy and maturity.
Many men never receive their rightful reward from their government.
Many men never tell anyone about the assault.
Many men notice a decrease in their libido.
Many men now consider the state to be their enemy.
Many men now grow up without even knowing their fathers.
Many men now wear moko on their faces and on their bodies.
Many men panic about finances when a baby is born and begin to work longer and harder at their jobs.
Many men perceive their manhood in licentious, materialistic, even violent terms.
Many men pierce their body with sharp objects or walk on fire.
Many men place greater emphasis on doing chest exercises at the expense of other muscle groups.
Many men plan their unsafe sex around their drug use.
Many men possess latent talents which are discovered only by accident.
Many men prefer a voluptuous woman, get over being self-conscious.
Many men prefer our shaving gel as an alternative to shaving soap.
Many men prefer shaving after they shower in front of their bathroom sink and mirror.
Many men prefer to make mistakes alone, rather than risk appearing incapable.
Many men prefer trunks but they are bulky and uncomfortable under a wet suit.
Many men present themselves to the world as full of self-confidence.
Many men pretend great love just for sex and treat their women badly.
Many men pretend to have seen that miraculous machine.
Many men pull back from relationships and wind up feeling more and more isolated.
Many men quail at life because it seems hopeless.
Many men quit at the hard work.
Many men quit the company and went south.
Many men reach maturity, but only women reach maternity so far.
Many men receive a sash as a wedding present.
Many men reclaim their foreskin with simple surgical tape and a little patience.
Many men recognize a stone idol as a false god.
Many men refuse to accept their male responsibilities, others die or are killed.
Many men relish getting into lively arguments about politics, sports, or a professional issue.
Many men remarry within one year of the divorce.
Many men report more control and greater sensation during the growth process.
Many men report similar emotions.
Many men report that they find it incredibly exciting to be massaged with the magic potion.
Many men resent the ascendancy of women in the Jewish community.
Many men respond aggressively when they feel anxious, threatened, or afraid.
Many men reward some inner lost boy with a bag of cookies here, some ice cream there.
Many men run bare-chested, and more and more women wear just a sports bra.
Many men run to colonize such a woman.
Many men save a week's vacation and use it for a week of hunting.
Many men say age-associated memory loss is a fact of life.
Many men say their foreskins enhance their sexual pleasure.
Many men say they find the test embarrassing and uncomfortable.
Many men say women's athletics simply lack excitement.
Many men see no purpose in phone sex, since they are primarily stimulated by visuals.
Many men see sex as a connection and a way to get close to women.
Many men seek help on their own without knowing where to go or what to do.
Many men seem to have a harder time breathing peacefully at night if they sleep on their backs.
Many men seem to have little or no such programming.
Many men seem to have strong feelings of being disappointed with their fathers.
Many men seem to think it is a sign of strength to be the authority figure, the one in the know.
Many men share the childcare responsibilities or are on their own.
Many men shy away from the responsibilities of raising someone else's children.
Many men simply retreat in self protection.
Many men sodomize their wives and daughters.
Many men spend a large portion of their income and a fair amount of their time chewing qat.
Many men spend their days shooting pool in a city where jobs are scarce.
Many men stay hard longer when they use condoms.
Many men step out of a monogomous marriage in the quest for money and power.
Many men still believe that they have the right to unlimited sexual access to their wives.
Many men still put women first, while fewer and fewer women put men first.
Many men still wear the traditional clothing of the village.
Many men stop trying.
Many men suffer emotionally, without talking about it.
Many men suffer from inadequate male role models.
Many men suffer from the after-effects of abortion as much as women.
Many men suffer from very weak, poor ejaculations.
Many men take viagra to enhance the sexual experience.
Many men talk about how the child becomes the father's teacher.
Many men tend to give fewer listening signals than women.
Many men think in terms of statistics while women want to hear stories.
Many men think it is a way to ''soften women'' who they believe enjoy the ''attention''.
Many men think that they have small penises.
Many men think that women bosses come on too strong and try too hard.
Many men think they re going to solve a problem by aborting their child.
Many men treat their wives according to the general morals of the society in which they live.
Many men treat their wives as their support staff.
Many men try to break their sexual addiction through sheer willpower.
Many men try to distract themselves with their jobs.
Many men use it, too.
Many men use their partners simply as sleeping pills.
Many men use their partners simply as sleping pills.
Many men use vacuum devices or compression rings to get and keep an erection.
Many men view impotence as a real challenge to their self-esteem.
Many men view sexuality entirely in terms of conquest.
Many men wear a dhoti - a simple white garment wrapped between the legs or around like a skirt.
Many men wear a kiltlike garment called a lungi or a ma'owey.
Many men wear a long robe called a jallabiyah.
Many men wear jackets and woolen caps as well.
Many men wear pouches slung over their shoulders, and crowd around the venders.
Many men wear skullcaps, turbans, or tall, round hats called tarbooshes.
Many men wonder whether an enlarged prostate is cancerous.
Many men worry about hair loss but are too embarrassed to buy a book about it.
Many men worry about penile size.
Many men worry about supporting a family and being a good father.
Many men worry about the size of their erections.
Many men worry about the size of their penis.
Many men wrap turbans on their heads.
Many men write, but never meet the lady.
More men also appear to be embracing spas.
More men also pick the economy, while more women cite education and health care.
More men are diagnosed with lung cancer each year, but more women live with the disease.
More men are having their vasectomies reversed now than a quarter-century ago, experts say.
More men are on death row than women and women are less likely to be sentenced to death.
More men become depressed than do women.
More men can pull on a single horizontal line along the ground than on a single vertical line.
More men commit suicide than women.
More men commit suicide.
More men develop gout than women.
More men die due to accidents and diseases than women.
More men die from emphysema and pneumonia, too.
More men die from overeating than undernourishment.
More men die in accidents.
More men die of breast cancer each year than die of testicular cancer.
More men die of heart attack while hunting than from any other cause.
More men die of jealousy than of cancer.
More men die of lung cancer alone than women die of both lung and breast cancer.
More men die of prostate cancer than any other type of cancer, except lung cancer.
More men drink heavily and, as a result, develop liver diseases.
More men engage in higher risk behaviors such as drunk-driving and holding dangerous jobs.
More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent.
More men fail through lack of purpose than through lack of talent.
More Men go in for a nip and a tuck.
More men go on missions than women do .
More men go on missions than women do.
More men have contacts than women.
More men have designer collections in high fashion.
More men join in and a big brawl ensues.
More men like to do extreme travel.
More men part their hair on the left side than on the right side.
More men present with later stage disease than women because of the lack of screening programs.
More men report suffering with bulimia as opposed to anorexia.
More men report using condoms than women.
More men seem to be listening.
More men snuck down to the river for water.
More men spring into action and activity, directly vying for attention.
More men stay home while their wives work.
More men support e-signatures compared to women.
More men worship the rising than the setting sun.
Most men often overlook the importance of buying similar styles.
Most men accept women's equality and the right to participate in any field.
Most men achieve success.
Most men acquire health.
Most men acquire life.
Most men acquire taste.
Most men act as parents.
Most men act like a housewife testing a melon for ripeness when they get their hand on a pair.
Most men actually feel safer dating and marrying sexually retarded women to prevent adultery.
Most men admit they're pretty simple and that deep down, they're still just hunters.
Most men adopt diets.
Most men agree with women and say they like the trend.
Most men also experience gradually declining levels of strength and endurance.
Most men also wear turbans.
Most men alter environments.
Most men answer calls.
Most men appear small in the presence of giants.
Most men are able to exert some control over when they ejaculate.
Most men are able to go home after three or four days.
Most men are able to return to sedentary-type work within four to seven days after the surgery.
Most men are action people.
Most men are action-oriented.
Most men are also scared to death of possible finitude.
Most men are amazed at the size increases which are possible.
Most men are apples, and most women are pears.
Most men are as ignorant about their bodies as women are about their own.
Most men are ashamed about it.
Most men are ashamed to act intuitively.
Most men are bad.
Most men are baritones.
Most men are brave.
Most men are bright enough to take the cue.
Most men are captive, and therefore brutal and small, but there are survivors.
Most men are confused about what single women are really looking for.
Most men are confused about what women are really looking for.
Most men are conscious about the size of their penis.
Most men are descent enough , but the one's that are pigs undo a lot of good by others.
Most men are embarrassed at the thought of a digital rectal exam.
Most men are expert at giving themselves pleasure, but there's no harm in extra practice.
Most men are good and law-abiding.
Most men are happy, and most men dishonest.
Most men are heterosexual.
Most men are hungry when they come home.
Most men are in full control of their senses when they lash out.
Most men are insensible when they rest, and mad when they act.
Most men are interested first in having their own needs fulfilled.
Most men are interested in enlarging their penis.
Most men are just so grateful to get anything that it's unlikely that they'll complain.
Most men are like a barbed wire fence, they have their good points.
Most men are like shaving of wood curled around their central emptiness.
Most men are more casual about housework because they learn different priorities, different ideals.
Most men are more nostalgic and sentimental about playing and watching sports than women are.
Most men are more powerful than women at every level of social and economic class.
Most men are much more obsessed with their work than their mothers.
Most men are nervous when considering attendance at their first men's conference.
Most men are now convinced that doing things faster holds no guarantee that life becomes better.
Most men are of naught more use in their lives but as machine for turning food into shit.
Most men are pleasantly surprised when they see how many attractive women there are.
Most men are pricks.
Most men are self-consious about their penis size.
Most men are simply too embarrassed.
Most men are so easy to manipulate with fear.
Most men are soldiers by nature and readily take to army training, as was shown in the civil war.
Most men are sort of selfish.
Most men are stronger than most women.
Most men are stronger than women, but there are ways for a person to take anyone down.
Most men are susceptible to the blind pursuit of unfettered ambition.
Most men are susceptible to womanly wiles.
Most men are taller than most women.
Most men are the problem.
Most men are the same.
Most men are too open, too soon with women.
Most men are too squeamish to even read the word 'vagina' much less the rest of it.
Most men are tough-minded when taking care of their families also.
Most men are upset about losing control over their women.
Most men are vain, let's face it.
Most men are very leery to discuss something that needs to be addressed.
Most men are very willing to help.
Most men are visual.
Most men are willing to fly half way around the world in order to obtain their desired results.
Most men are willing to work when called on.
Most men are, by nature, passionate.
Most men arrive at conclusions.
Most men ask parents.
Most men attend clinics.
Most men attend infertility clinics.
Most men attending the opera wear bow ties and dinner jackets, and most women are in long dresses.
Most men automatically race more aggressively and develop faster physically than most women.
Most men become climbers.
Most men become dwellers.
Most men become fathers.
Most men become husbands.
Most men become leaders.
Most men begin to go to the theatre when they arrive at the stage of having . . .
Most men believe in equal rights.
Most men believe that sharing emotions is a sign of weakness.
Most men believe that the greatest benefit they get from hormones is sex drive and sexual function.
Most men believe that their appearance has a direct impact on their careers.
Most men build houses.
Most men buy animals.
Most men buy nothing.
Most men can drink three times that before they're at risk.
Most men can drink three to four units a day without risk to health, most women two to three.
Most men can father a child throughout late adulthood.
Most men can have an erection and be aroused quite quickly.
Most men can have problems.
Most men can provide for their families without their wives working.
Most men can return to work the same day.
Most men can return to work within a week.
Most men can smash any door down with their shoulder.
Most men care about boys.
Most men care about small boys.
Most men care about their looks and hair is definitely a major part.
Most men carry charge.
Most men carry food.
Most men catch predators.
Most men change minds.
Most men choose food.
Most men collect samples.
Most men collect semen cultures from the vagina or mouth which always is contaminated.
Most men come from homes.
Most men come from monkeys.
Most men come into offices.
Most men come on too heavy with women and push for too much too soon.
Most men come out of doors.
Most men complain that their merry making ended with marriage.
Most men complaining of impotence are androgen deficient.
Most men consider health.
Most men consider ideas.
Most men consider that a character fault.
Most men consider that a character flaw.
Most men consider their stay temporary.
Most men consume alcohol.
Most men consume alcoholic beverages.
Most men consume fruit.
Most men consume meat.
Most men consume proteins.
Most men consume red meat.
Most men consume rice.
Most men consume soy proteins.
Most men consume vegetables.
Most men create academic environments.
Most men create environments.
Most men create government.
Most men create homes.
Most men create problems.
Most men dare highly, or either sock to an country understood.
Most men demand their spiritual nutriment in a more assimilable form.
Most men demonstrate achievement.
Most men demonstrate activities.
Most men deny they snore.
Most men describe events.
Most men develop characteristics.
Most men develop fevers.
Most men develop high fevers.
Most men devise methods.
Most men devote themselves exclusively to spear-fishing.
Most men die after car crashes.
Most men die after crashes.
Most men die of causes.
Most men die of illnesses.
Most men die of natural causes.
Most men die of something other than their prostate cancer.
Most men die with prostate cancer rather than from prostate cancer.
Most men die within three years.
Most men discover food.
Most men discover markets.
Most men discover stock markets.
Most men discover values.
Most men display skills.
Most men do better.
Most men do jobs.
Most men do overtrain.
Most men do the opposite.
Most men do their own shopping.
Most men do think about sex often, and want to have sex on a regular basis.
Most men do well to remember one anniversary.
Most men do.
Most men don tuxedos.
Most men draw swords.
Most men dream in dusty recesses of their minds and wake up to find their dreams, but vanity.
Most men dream in the dusty recesses of their minds and wake to find their dreams but vanity.
Most men dress in shirt and tie.
Most men drink alcohol.
Most men drink cocoa.
Most men drink milk.
Most men drink water.
Most men drive cattle.
Most men earn degrees.
Most men eat animal proteins.
Most men eat cattle.
Most men eat chickens.
Most men eat cookies.
Most men eat crabs.
Most men eat diets.
Most men eat fiber.
Most men eat fish.
Most men eat food.
Most men eat fruit.
Most men eat gram fiber.
Most men eat legumes.
Most men eat meals.
Most men eat meat.
Most men eat mediterranean diets.
Most men eat plants.
Most men eat proteins.
Most men eat red meat.
Most men eat roots.
Most men eat salad.
Most men eat small fish.
Most men eat soy food.
Most men eat special diets.
Most men eat vegetarian diets.
Most men eat whole plants.
Most men ejaculate before they want to.
Most men ejaculate daily.
Most men elect to have both done at the same time.
Most men emphasize choices.
Most men emphasize food choices.
Most men employ in jobs.
Most men endure the sacrifice of the intellect more easily than the sacrifice of their daydreams.
Most men engage in activities.
Most men engage in preparation.
Most men enjoy advantage.
Most men enjoy beers.
Most men enjoy cereals.
Most men enjoy life.
Most men enjoy oral sex.
Most men enjoy sex.
Most men enter a store with a purpose, hunt it down, pay for it, and go home.
Most men enter cars.
Most men evolve from apes.
Most men excrete acid urine.
Most men excrete urine.
Most men exercise self-control.
Most men exhibit activities.
Most men expect someday to be fathers.
Most men experience an improvement in their erections over time.
Most men experience side effects.
Most men experience temporary failure of their erections at some time in their lives.
Most men experience three or four days of mild discomfort after the operation.
Most men experience urinary incontinence following surgery.
Most men express feelings.
Most men express pain.
Most men face adjustment.
Most men face conditions.
Most men face tension.
Most men fall in love with women.
Most men fantasize about women in uniform.
Most men fear for safety.
Most men fear frugality and through their fear are led to actions most likely to produce fear.
Most men fear it because of baseless legends.
Most men fear rejection because it lowers their self-esteem.
Most men feed cats.
Most men feed sheep.
Most men feel awkward about handling a new baby.
Most men feel beliefs.
Most men feel comfortable relieving themselves on the ground.
Most men feel danger.
Most men feel fear, panic, hopelessness and vulnerability.
Most men feel fire.
Most men feel lonely, isolated and disconnected.
Most men feel tension.
Most men feel that they are bullet-proof, women are much better at monitoring their health.
Most men feel they are emotionally abused.
Most men find anger.
Most men find comfort.
Most men find death.
Most men find face death.
Most men find good jobs.
Most men find grace.
Most men find it hard to listen.
Most men find it very challenging to attain real intimacy in marriage.
Most men find jobs.
Most men find life.
Most men find men.
Most men find shelter.
Most men find shoot death.
Most men find that balms feel better.
Most men find that the little leakage they do have disappears in four to six months.
Most men find their pregnant partner truly attractive.
Most men find they have a problem getting an erection at some point in their life.
Most men find water.
Most men follow animals.
Most men follow consumption.
Most men forget more easily the death of their father than the loss of their property.
Most men gain pounds.
Most men gain weight.
Most men generally keep the same bathing suit for an extended period of time.
Most men get almost as much pleasure in bringing a woman to orgasm as they do in having one.
Most men get baldness.
Most men get enough iron from the meat they eat and excess iron is hard on the heart.
Most men get erections.
Most men get girls.
Most men get ideas.
Most men get jobs.
Most men get knowledge.
Most men get letters.
Most men get love letters.
Most men get mates.
Most men get more pleasure from a woman who is really enjoying the sex.
Most men get over it.
Most men get pattern baldness.
Most men get pregnant women.
Most men get strength.
Most men get testosterone.
Most men get the vote.
Most men get women.
Most men give false information.
Most men give information.
Most men give salt solutions.
Most men give solutions.
Most men go alone but some married men bring their wives.
Most men go bald.
Most men go through puberty.
Most men go through stages.
Most men grant to women a vulnerability they share with no other, sharing secret thoughts.
Most men grieve in Mars and most women in Venus.
Most men grow old with a spouse, but the majority of women growing older are living alone.
Most men grow pale at the thought of shopping for lingerie for their wives or girlfriends.
Most men grow up in households.
Most men hang around long after the sex has stopped. . . .
Most men hate asking for directions.
Most men hate being depressed, or sad, or angry.
Most men hate jealousy and possessiveness.
Most men hate to shop.
Most men have a great passion.
Most men have a royal pain in the butt.
Most men have a slight bend or tilt to the penis.
Most men have ability.
Most men have at least a half dozen by the side of the bed.
Most men have backs.
Most men have beautiful coats.
Most men have beautiful shiny coats.
Most men have better quality.
Most men have better sperm quality.
Most men have better visual-spatial abilities than most women.
Most men have blood pressure.
Most men have bones.
Most men have brains.
Most men have breathe difficulty.
Most men have brothers.
Most men have but little hair on their bodies while women have only a fine down.
Most men have certain organs.
Most men have coats.
Most men have contact.
Most men have deficiencies.
Most men have depressions.
Most men have dicks.
Most men have difficulty.
Most men have effects.
Most men have ejaculation.
Most men have erection problems at times.
Most men have erections every hour to hour and a half during sleep.
Most men have experience.
Most men have exposure.
Most men have faith.
Most men have feet.
Most men have few good role models for relating to women.
Most men have fingers.
Most men have fluid.
Most men have food.
Most men have free medical care.
Most men have friends.
Most men have games.
Most men have great difficulty.
Most men have hands.
Most men have hats.
Most men have heads.
Most men have heart problems.
Most men have hearts.
Most men have high blood pressure.
Most men have high pressure.
Most men have holes.
Most men have ideas about building based on cost and speed.
Most men have ideas.
Most men have identification.
Most men have illnesses.
Most men have index fingers.
Most men have integrity.
Most men have intelligence.
Most men have intentions.
Most men have interest.
Most men have it in their hearts to do the right thing.
Most men have jobs.
Most men have kinds.
Most men have knowledge.
Most men have leg bones.
Most men have levels.
Most men have life.
Most men have limitations.
Most men have little or no experience in working with women soldiers.
Most men have lower leg bones.
Most men have lower levels.
Most men have lower testosterone.
Most men have luck.
Most men have magical ability.
Most men have medical care.
Most men have mental illnesses.
Most men have more bone mass to begin with, and suffer slower bone loss with age than women.
Most men have more severe symptoms.
Most men have more than one wife.
Most men have muscles.
Most men have nails.
Most men have nipples.
Most men have no idea how closely regular exercise is linked to their sexual performance.
Most men have no interest in that.
Most men have no sense at all .
Most men have no successful initiatory experiences.
Most men have no symptoms at all.
Most men have no trouble finding a bar.
Most men have normal exposure.
Most men have noses.
Most men have one testicle which hangs lower than the other inside the scrotal sac.
Most men have one wife.
Most men have opinion.
Most men have oral sex.
Most men have organs.
Most men have penises.
Most men have premature ejaculation.
Most men have pressure.
Most men have problems.
Most men have properties.
Most men have pulses.
Most men have purposes.
Most men have quality.
Most men have right feet.
Most men have rights.
Most men have senses.
Most men have serious problems.
Most men have severe symptoms.
Most men have sex.
Most men have shiny coats.
Most men have side effects.
Most men have similarity.
Most men have skills.
Most men have sons.
Most men have sperm quality.
Most men have stories.
Most men have strength.
Most men have symptoms.
Most men have talent.
Most men have teeth.
Most men have temples.
Most men have temporary incontinence following surgery for prostate cancer.
Most men have testosterone levels.
Most men have testosterone.
Most men have their fellatio preferences and dislikes.
Most men have their great moments.
Most men have theories.
Most men have to be away all day, every day.
Most men have toxic effects.
Most men have toxic side effects.
Most men have trouble sensing emotional feelings.
Most men have trouble with their erections periodically throughout their lives.
Most men have two testes.
Most men have very poor blood circulation to the penis and testicles.
Most men have vice.
Most men have wives.
Most men help families.
Most men help men.
Most men help women.
Most men hold hands.
Most men hold options.
Most men hold positions.
Most men ignore wives.
Most men improve health.
Most men improve production.
Most men increase likelihood.
Most men infect with viruses.
Most men invite friends.
Most men is custody battles request joint custody.
Most men keep chickens.
Most men keep food.
Most men kill in collisions.
Most men kill mosquitoes.
Most men knock on doors.
Most men know importance.
Most men know in two minutes.
Most men know it's there, but few really care.
Most men know midnights.
Most men know of two necktie knots.
Most men know plants.
Most men know power.
Most men know what confidence is, and even know that women love confident men.
Most men know women are their moral superiors.
Most men know women.
Most men laugh, many agree.
Most men lead forces.
Most men lead life.
Most men lead lives of quiet desperation.
Most men lead very busy lives.
Most men learn skills.
Most men learn the material one teaspoon at a time.
Most men leave after eight months, or less.
Most men leave houses.
Most men leave schools.
Most men lie in bed at night and dream of great accomplishments.
Most men lift feet.
Most men lift fingers.
Most men like to stoke vigorously, so try it slow.
Most men like to think that they are superior and more intelligent.
Most men live a life of self.
Most men live at homes.
Most men live in close companionship.
Most men live in companionship.
Most men live in societies.
Most men live lives of quiet desperation.
Most men live lives of quite desperation.
Most men look at homes.
Most men look at porn to facilitate masturbation, which is usually just a supplement to sex.
Most men look distinguished and dashing in tuxes.
Most men look for a mate who likes to do the same things they like to do.
Most men look for mothers.
Most men lose jobs.
Most men lose life.
Most men lose little or no time from work.
Most men lose pounds.
Most men lose weight.
Most men love and care about women.
Most men love baseball.
Most men love beef.
Most men love coffee.
Most men love dogs.
Most men love horses.
Most men love invigorating challenges.
Most men love money and security more, and creation and construction less, as they get older.
Most men love mothers.
Most men love numbers and math.
Most men love pets.
Most men love sports - some more than others.
Most men maintain appearances.
Most men maintain peace.
Most men make appearances.
Most men make choices.
Most men make gases.
Most men make harmful gases.
Most men make little use of their speech than to give evidence against their own understanding.
Most men make war.
Most men marry beautiful women.
Most men marry in spite of all the free milk, and the singles scene can be cruel to both sexes.
Most men marry people.
Most men marry women for the wrong reasons.
Most men marry women.
Most men meet death.
Most men meet goals.
Most men meet weight loss goals.
Most men mistakenly use the shoulder width as a gauge for sizing their jacket.
Most men move fingers.
Most men never experience impotence.
Most men notice that the frequency and firmness of their erections increases.
Most men notice they pass a reduced stream of urine as they get older.
Most men now utilize different types of inflatable prostheses.
Most men observe effects.
Most men obtain knowledge.
Most men occasionally experience problems achieving an erection.
Most men open books.
Most men outgrow that.
Most men own animals.
Most men own dogs.
Most men participate in tasks.
Most men pay attention.
Most men pay little attention.
Most men pay up and consider themselves lucky, given the alternative.
Most men perform actions.
Most men perform jobs.
Most men perform tradition.
Most men perform workouts.
Most men place their wallets in their back pockets an easy target for any pickpocket.
Most men play games.
Most men pose for photos.
Most men possess advantage.
Most men possess curiosities.
Most men possess dogs.
Most men prefer a less rarefied existence.
Most men prefer fertile women.
Most men prefer flowers with strong, bright colours, such as red, yellow, orange, and dark purple.
Most men prefer looks to brains, because most men see better than they think.
Most men prefer the second choice because it helps clean their pants.
Most men prefer to like women.
Most men prefer to wear a jacket.
Most men prefer women.
Most men present mild fatigue.
Most men present with confusion.
Most men produce semen.
Most men provide enough evidence.
Most men provide evidence.
Most men provide inspiration.
Most men pursue animals.
Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste they hurry past it.
Most men pursue rare animals.
Most men push horns.
Most men raise arms.
Most men raise daughters.
Most men raise dogs.
Most men raise goats.
Most men raise voices.
Most men range in ages.
Most men rate the erection as shorter than their normal erection, however.
Most men react by staying silent.
Most men react strongly to an assertive and aggressive woman.
Most men react to the bulge by going on diet.
Most men readily admit that the procedure is less painful than a visit to the dentist's office.
Most men recall mothers.
Most men receive college education.
Most men receive education.
Most men receive news.
Most men receive strength.
Most men receive treatments.
Most men recover from illnesses.
Most men regain bladder control a few weeks to several months after the surgery.
Most men regain urinary control within several weeks.
Most men regard death as the final end.
Most men regard it as their duty.
Most men relate to apes.
Most men relate well to the idea of a Coach.
Most men report circumstances.
Most men report desire.
Most men report ejaculation.
Most men report permanent results begin to show after about a month of regular use.
Most men report significant size gains, both during pumping and between pump sessions.
Most men require a temporary catheter to drain urine afterward.
Most men require calories.
Most men require energy.
Most men require food.
Most men require more calories.
Most men require repeated injections to smooth out the bumps and caverns.
Most men respond to crises.
Most men respond well to oral contact.
Most men retain ability.
Most men return homes.
Most men return to work on the third day.
Most men return to work the next day.
Most men ride bicycles.
Most men ride terrain vehicles.
Most men ride trains.
Most men ride vehicles.
Most men say in statements.
Most men say it enhances the experience quite a bit.
Most men say no, which pisses off some women.
Most men say that they work hard every day, every week.
Most men say, that the leaves chewed, and especially greene, are a remedie for toothach.
Most men secretly hate women and love golf.
Most men see cockroaches.
Most men see drawers.
Most men see faces.
Most men see passengers.
Most men see physical beauty differently than our culture portrays it.
Most men see reflection.
Most men see the flu as a handy weight-loss program.
Most men see women.
Most men seek advice.
Most men seek animals.
Most men seek better life.
Most men seek care.
Most men seek careers.
Most men seek companies.
Most men seek life.
Most men seek medical care.
Most men seem to believe that the more frequently they score, the more of a man they are.
Most men seem to have engaged in just a few encounters.
Most men seem to think that if they prolong the date enough, they'll get the girl in bed.
Most men sell their souls and live with a good conscience on the proceeds.
Most men serve missions.
Most men shake fists.
Most men shake hands.
Most men share ancestors.
Most men share male ancestors.
Most men share single male ancestors.
Most men shave against the grain, thinking they get a closer shave.
Most men shoot guns.
Most men shop online to save money, most women do so to avoid crowds and lines.
Most men show activities.
Most men show desire.
Most men show faces.
Most men show improvement.
Most men show interest.
Most men show variation.
Most men shudder at the thought.
Most men sit in offices.
Most men sit in seats.
Most men sleep for eight hours when seven are sufficient.
Most men solve problems.
Most men speak to men.
Most men spend the first half of their lives building a career.
Most men sport some kind of facial hair, whether it is a beard, moustache, goatee or sideburns.
Most men spot furry animals.
Most men start again within a week.
Most men still carry proper handkerchiefs.
Most men still define themselves by what they do in their vocation.
Most men still do.
Most men still receive higher wages than women.
Most men still wear longyi , as sarongs are called in Burma.
Most men stop doing foreplay after a few years of marriage.
Most men struggle with healthy life.
Most men struggle with healthy sex life.
Most men struggle with life.
Most men succeed because they are determined to.
Most men suceed because they are determined to.
Most men suffer death.
Most men suffer from heat illnesses.
Most men suffer from illnesses.
Most men suffer from lack.
Most men suffer from relate illnesses.
Most men suffer painless death.
Most men support british rules.
Most men support ideas.
Most men support rules.
Most men survive weeks.
Most men take aspirin.
Most men take care.
Most men take chances.
Most men take delight.
Most men take food.
Most men take last meals.
Most men take meals.
Most men take one to two pills per day.
Most men take pretty good care of their own bodies.
Most men take pride in being self-sufficient.
Most men take strides.
Most men take the straight and narrow.
Most men take wives.
Most men talk about women the way they believe or see women.
Most men talk more to women than they do to each other.
Most men teach that all are sinners today.
Most men tend to be reactive rather than proactive.
Most men tend to ignore the first signs of baldness.
Most men tend to store much of their body fat in their gut.
Most men tend toward being heady and disembodied.
Most men think it s looks, most women know otherwise.
Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.
Most men think many of the women in their beds are boring.
Most men think they are good-looking.
Most men think they are immune from breast cancer.
Most men toss everything.
Most men touch mouths.
Most men treated with radiation therapy for prostate cancer eventually become impotent.
Most men trough down.
Most men ultimately submit and resign from life and therefore forfeit.
Most men undergo injections.
Most men undergo sperm injections.
Most men understand importance.
Most men use equipment.
Most men use habitats.
Most men use life.
Most men use organs.
Most men use spoons.
Most men use stone tools.
Most men use techniques.
Most men use tools.
Most men value their relationship with their partner above all else.
Most men view women.
Most men visit burial sites.
Most men visit doctors.
Most men visit sites.
Most men walk into rooms.
Most men walk into stations.
Most men wear a large cotton garment called a boubou .
Most men wear a suit and tie.
Most men wear brief underwears.
Most men wear caps.
Most men wear checker shirts.
Most men wear coats.
Most men wear color.
Most men wear European clothes in daily life but the turban is always worn.
Most men wear faded, brown, long-sleeved Moroccan tunics made of cotton.
Most men wear gray shirts.
Most men wear gray suits.
Most men wear hats.
Most men wear long pants when eating in the better restaurants.
Most men wear shirts.
Most men wear shoes.
Most men wear suits, with white being the most common shirt color.
Most men wear suits.
Most men wear the traditional ghos.
Most men wear their coat sleeves too long.
Most men wear underwears.
Most men wear white checker shirts.
Most men wear white shirts.
Most men wear wool caps.
Most men when polled think they are handsome devils, even the ugly ones.
Most men wish both facts and religion.
Most men work but some are elderly or too ill.
Most men work for companies.
Most men work from sun to sun, but a junk-lover's work is never done.
Most men work in places.
Most men work in professions.
Most men write letters.
Some men always try to justify away their sorry behavior any way they can.
Some men often view seeking help as a weakness.
Some man pages available with commercial version installed on login nodes.
Some men abide in darkness while other men abide in light.
Some men abuse female slaves.
Some men abuse slaves.
Some men ac- cumulate a visible crust of salt on the skin during a day's activity in the sun.
Some men accept it as a part of growing older.
Some men accept responsibility.
Some men accept their baldness and do nothing.
Some men achieve distinction.
Some men achieve greatness.
Some men achieve immortality without really striving for it.
Some men act as carriers.
Some men act as hosts.
Some men actually do know their day of death, including the precise time and place.
Some men actually do that.
Some men actually wash their hands or comb their hair.
Some men affect survival.
Some men also benefit from counseling.
Some men also complain of a discharge under the foreskin which covers the penis.
Some men also desire to lay their hands on the heads of women.
Some men also find putting on condoms to be a hassle.
Some men also go into ballet for the sake of the exercise.
Some men also have breast complaints.
Some men also have breast tenderness and growth of breast tissue.
Some men also make antibodies to their own sperm.
Some men also prefer male doctors and nurses.
Some men also seek out buttocks enhancements, but the procedures are much more popular among women.
Some men also use steroids to improve their physical appearance.
Some men also wear cock rings when they want their genitals to look larger under their pants.
Some men announce lists.
Some men apparently respond well in the beginning but later require increasingly higher doses.
Some men appear in campaigns.
Some men appear in films.
Some men appear in supermans.
Some men appear to feel that they belong to a Pariah caste.
Some men apply bear grease.
Some men apply grease.
Some men apply intelligence.
Some men approach boyfriends.
Some men approach old boyfriends.
Some men approach sawyers.
Some men are able to cope with the consequences of having been sexually abused.
Some men are able to do the same, difficult though it is.
Some men are able to have an orgasm without ejaculating .
Some men are able to have an orgasm without ejaculating.
Some men are able to train their voices to sing alto by using a falsetto voice .
Some men are able to train their voices to sing alto by using a falsetto voice.
Some men are above grief, and some below it.
Some men are afraid of a circle.
Some men are afraid of having an operation on their testicles.
Some men are afraid that women say yes, but mean no.
Some men are afraid to flirt for fear of rejection or being taken the wrong way.
Some men are afraid.
Some men are allergic to the dye.
Some men are almost rhinoceroses.
Some men are arrested on suspicion.
Some men are assholes.
Some men are beat to death.
Some men are big and strong, but no one, absolutely no one, is stronger than a gun.
Some men are big liars, but some men speak the truth.
Some men are bitten by cobra snakes.
Some men are bitten by snakes.
Some men are born great, some become great, and some have greatness thrust up their noses.
Some men are born to own, and can animate all their possessions.
Some men are born with perfect beards.
Some men are breast men and some favor hips and different types of breasts and hips.
Some men are called to greatness, others sort of stumble onto it.
Some men are capable of doing all three within a single sentence.
Some men are comfortable talking about emotions and their faith, and others are much more private.
Some men are concerned about the size of their penis and their ability to father a child.
Some men are contemplative.
Some men are cool with that.
Some men are courageous from ignorance, our courage comes from discussion preparatory to action.
Some men are deadbeats.
Some men are diagnosed with cancer.
Some men are diagnosed with lung cancer.
Some men are diagnosed with prostate cancer.
Some men are egalitarian enough to shift the focus to themselves.
Some men are embarrassed to find a breast lump and delay making an appointment with their physician.
Some men are engaged in active surveillance.
Some men are engaged in surveillance.
Some men are entirely normal and the diagnosis is only made for an incidental reason.
Some men are extremely excited to be having a baby.
Some men are fast, some are slow, and most fall somewhere on the continuum in-between.
Some men are gay and total sweethearts.
Some men are gay.
Some men are good leaders of war parties.
Some men are good with chess.
Some men are great 'fixers', others find it difficult to make decisions.
Some men are Greek.
Some men are heavy and stupid from undigested learning.
Some men are in denial.
Some men are incapable of admitting their mistakes.
Some men are inclined to apply for jobs as policemen, while others become professors.
Some men are incurable philanderers.
Some men are interested more in the quality of life than the quantity of life.
Some men are just as sure of the truth of their opinions as are others of what they know.
Some men are killed by deputies.
Some men are killed by officers.
Some men are killed by trains.
Some men are lawyers.
Some men are like animals.
Some men are like that.
Some men are longer than others.
Some men are lookers.
Some men are lovers of strenuous occupation.
Some men are lucky to have one.
Some men are married to space.
Some men are married to time.
Some men are more evolved than other men.
Some men are more likely to accept rape.
Some men are more likely to bareback with their lovers , or other guys they personally know.
Some men are more likely to be sexually aggressive than others.
Some men are more likely to get it and die from it than others.
Some men are more likely to help with cooking when there are just two people in the house.
Some men are more or less all right.
Some men are more perfect than others .
Some men are more susceptible to couvade than others.
Some men are mortal.
Some men are much more sexually capable than others.
Some men are multiply orgasmic without ejaculation, which increases the odds of racking up numbers.
Some men are naturally more flexible than some women.
Some men are of more consequence in their own eyes than in the eyes of their neighbors.
Some men are out in simple open boats, others fish from elaborate, covered craft.
Some men are particularly attractive to the fairy maids, especially men with smooth skin.
Some men are project oriented.
Some men are quick to recall scripture when it comes to marriages.
Some men are really fearful of hurting the baby.
Some men are really supportive.
Some men are regular recipients but never themselves contribute.
Some men are rich.
Some men are satisfied with the results of such procedures.
Some men are self-conscious about using condoms.
Some men are sentenced to death.
Some men are sentenced to jails.
Some men are sentenced to prisons.
Some men are sexually aggressive because they are basically insecure.
Some men are shocked.
Some men are shorter than some women, and some women are better mathematicians than some men.
Some men are sick.
Some men are so afraid of reveling their feminine sides.
Some men are so prejudiced that they make no investigations.
Some men are so rough on their wives.
Some men are strong, some are weak, some men are old and others are in their prime.
Some men are struck by trains.
Some men are that way, too.
Some men are to be sharply rebuked.
Some men are too noble to live among aristocracy.
Some men are trans-gendered and it's part of their new identities.
Some men are unaware of any signs or symptoms.
Some men are unmistakable as great champions.
Some men are unsure as to what their father's circumcision status is.
Some men are very slow.
Some men are wholly unfitted for elders because they have an exalted view of their own opinions.
Some men are willing to risk surgery for no good reason.
Some men are willing to take their chances, and the consequences.
Some men are, too.
Some men argue that women hunters are destroying their male bonding time.
Some men arm with guns.
Some men arrive at knowledge.
Some men arrive at shops.
Some men arrive on scenes.
Some men arrive with partners, others alone.
Some men ask if there is a dress code for our seminar and workshop.
Some men assume roles.
Some men attend coming of age ceremony, wearing a kimono , too.
Some men attract lice.
Some men avoid baths.
Some men avoid hot baths.
Some men avoid hot tubs.
Some men avoid penalties.
Some men avoid tubs.
Some men batter because that's the only way they know how to be close to or relate to a partner.
Some men become astronomers.
Some men become businessmen.
Some men become concern.
Some men become creatures.
Some men become emperors.
Some men become fearful of their loss of power and authority.
Some men become hunters.
Some men become impotent after radiation treatment for PC also.
Some men become killers.
Some men become kings.
Some men become legends.
Some men become masters.
Some men become merchants.
Some men become predators.
Some men become professional astronomers.
Some men become servants.
Some men become victims.
Some men become warriors.
Some men become women.
Some men begin studies for priesthood.
Some men believe dreams.
Some men believe that being circumcised increases their and their partner s sexual pleasure.
Some men benefit from avoiding spicy foods, alcohol and caffeine.
Some men benefit from counseling and other approaches helpful in chronic pain syndromes.
Some men break bones.
Some men breathe lighter or slower.
Some men bring animals.
Some men bring bangs.
Some men bring cheese.
Some men bring death.
Some men build homes.
Some men butcher otherwise excellent beards by shaving the cheeks into strange shapes.
Some men buy apes.
Some men buy birds.
Some men buy caribou.
Some men buy chickens.
Some men buy deer.
Some men buy fine diamonds from a flea market booth.
Some men buy fine diamonds From a flea market booth.
Some men buy fine diamonds from a flea market stall.
Some men buy fine diamonds, from a flea market booth.
Some men buy fine diamonds, From a flea market booth.
Some men buy fish.
Some men buy pigs.
Some men buy sheep.
Some men buy snakes.
Some men buy sports cars and boats.
Some men buy sports cars when they go through mid-life crises.
Some men buy turtles.
Some men can be downright clueless about the female change of life.
Some men can blow hot and blow cold with the same breath The Man and the Satyr .
Some men can handle a woman as a pastor, just as women handle men as pastors.
Some men can have trouble with erections when they take beta blockers.
Some men can reach orgasm through prostate prodding alone.
Some men can read that book once and know complete meaning of the material.
Some men can run for hours without becoming tired.
Some men can wait forever, but a pretty engagement ring is no substitute for marriage and children.
Some men carry backpacks.
Some men carry banners.
Some men carry fleeces.
Some men carry girls.
Some men carry guns.
Some men carry pigs.
Some men carry rucksacks.
Some men carry stretchers.
Some men carry water.
Some men carry weapons.
Some men catch prey.
Some men cause death.
Some men celebrate anniversaries.
Some men celebrate first anniversaries.
Some men charge with homicide.
Some men choose to be deacons instead of priests.
Some men choose to have a prosthetic testicle placed inside the scrotum during surgery.
Some men choose to receive an implanted device that increases rigidity of the penis.
Some men choose vasectomy and opt for the security of banking sperm beforehand.
Some men cite as evidence of their oppression their much-advertised inability to cry.
Some men claim descents.
Some men claim heterosexuality but are sexual with other men.
Some men claim royal descents.
Some men claim that eating lecithin and oysters increases their ejaculate volume as well.
Some men claim that it does feel different.
Some men cling to coconut palms.
Some men cling to palms.
Some men clutch bows and arrows, others machetes.
Some men collect butterflies.
Some men collect cars, while some are into paintings.
Some men collect secretion.
Some men come and can t let go of their social life.
Some men come here to save their relationships.
Some men come stumbling past in single file, And scrape the trench's side and scatter sand.
Some men come to churches.
Some men come to clinics.
Some men come to death.
Some men come to get sex without the complications of a relationship.
Some men come to huts.
Some men come to towns.
Some men commit crime.
Some men commit murder.
Some men commit suicide.
Some men compete in artistic gymnastics.
Some men compete in gymnastics.
Some men complain that the condom cuts down on their pleasure.
Some men complete questionnaires.
Some men consciously ally with the exploiters to maintain the subordinated position of women.
Some men consider doctors.
Some men consider it the correct move to shoot the home-wrecker.
Some men consider treatments.
Some men consume diets.
Some men consume fat diets.
Some men consume freeze raspberries.
Some men consume low fat diets.
Some men consume raspberries.
Some men consume traditional diets.
Some men consume traditional japanese diets.
Some men contribute to infertility.
Some men control power.
Some men converse on the usual.
Some men convert their testosterone to estrogen.
Some men create art.
Some men create machines.
Some men crossdress purely as a creative outlet, i.e. the professional female impersonator.
Some men crowd around a man with some food.
Some men dance while some beat the drums and read the flute.
Some men dedicate life.
Some men dehumanize women to the point where they are objects of rape and physical violence.
Some men derive from apes.
Some men describe life.
Some men describe turtles.
Some men deserve our loyalty and service.
Some men destroy deer.
Some men destroy hornets.
Some men develop cancer.
Some men develop conditions.
Some men develop eating disorders through athletics.
Some men develop lung cancer.
Some men develop overactive bladder with a neurological component after ablative prostatic surgery.
Some men develop skills.
Some men devote life.
Some men diagnose with cancer.
Some men diagnose with lung cancer.
Some men diagnose with prostate cancer.
Some men die after creatures.
Some men die after poisonous creatures.
Some men die after poisonous sea creatures.
Some men die after sea creatures.
Some men die at homes.
Some men die at scenes.
Some men die before their time d.
Some men die by accident.
Some men die calmly under the delusions of agnosticism, universalism, or utter weariness of life.
Some men die from allergic reaction.
Some men die from attacks.
Some men die from cancer.
Some men die from injuries.
Some men die from marijuana.
Some men die from poison.
Some men die from prostate cancer.
Some men die from reaction.
Some men die from smoke marijuana.
Some men die from strong poison.
Some men die in accidents.
Some men die in car accidents.
Some men die in jails.
Some men die in ovens.
Some men die in war.
Some men die of attacks.
Some men die of cancer.
Some men die of cholesterol.
Some men die of diseases.
Some men die of explosions.
Some men die of heart attacks.
Some men die of injuries.
Some men die of massive explosions.
Some men die of prostate cancer.
Some men die of thirsts.
Some men die peacefully in bed, while others suffer less pleasant ends.
Some men discover danger.
Some men discover plots.
Some men discover ways.
Some men dismiss current values.
Some men dismiss values.
Some men do appear to be amoral in their conduct.
Some men do develop osteoporosis, but in far fewer numbers than women, and at a later age.
Some men do diapers, others change the oil cheerfully.
Some men do have a problem with women in the workplace based solely on gender.
Some men do have conditions.
Some men do have health conditions.
Some men do have underlie conditions.
Some men do have underlie health conditions.
Some men do look better in rainbow hair.
Some men do notice that they have to urinate more often or that their stream of urine is weaker.
SOme men do that and it can really mess up the dynamics of a relationship.
Some men do, however, have a condition that causes a severe bend, almost at a right angle.
Some men do, too, but flexibility often is a necessity for women.
Some men do, too.
Some men do.
Some men don t possess their money.
Some men draw attention.
Some men draw national attention.
Some men dream of landing a man on Mars.
Some men dream of peace on earth.
Some men dream of riches, some men dream of love.
Some men dress as tigers and other animals.
Some men drink beer and get prostatitis.
Some men drink beer at a baseball game.
Some men drink beer outside.
Some men drink brandy.
Some men drink cups.
Some men drink glass.
Some men drink green tea.
Some men drink in a pub.
Some men drink sauces.
Some men drink soy sauces.
Some men drink tea.
Some men drink.
Some men drive animals.
Some men drive cars.
Some men drive goats.
Some men drive horses.
Some men drive large trucks.
Some men drive muscle cars.
Some men drive pickup trucks.
Some men drive sheep.
Some men drive trucks.
Some men drive use cars.
Some men eat beet juice.
Some men eat celery.
Some men eat geese.
Some men eat juice.
Some men eat meat pie.
Some men eat monsters.
Some men eat oysters.
Some men eat pie.
Some men eat pizzas.
Some men eat rabbits.
Some men eat sardines.
Some men eat sharks.
Some men eat sheep.
Some men eat shellfishes.
Some men eat soy.
Some men eat turkeys.
Some men eat vegetables.
Some men ejaculate very quickly, before they realize it.
Some men emphasize importance.
Some men encounter elephants.
Some men enjoy fondling their testicles, and some enjoy penetrating the anus with a finger.
Some men enjoy having their scrotum stroked and fondled during sexual activity with their partner.
Some men enjoy romance, talking, and even shopping without lossing their masculinity.
Some men enjoy watching their corn-kerneled shit swirl down the toilet, too.
Some men enter bars.
Some men enter compartments.
Some men enter houses.
Some men enter job markets.
Some men enter markets.
Some men enter offices.
Some men enter the field of movie direction because they have a creative urge.
Some men establish art.
Some men even go to the extreme of wearing women apparrel or attempting to change their gender.
Some men even grow breasts, or have an enlarged chest area for a while.
Some men even pride themselves in being househusbands.
Some men even use sandbag weights.
Some men even wear earrings.
Some men examine countrysides.
Some men excel at sprints, others excel at marathons.
Some men experience a true biological menopause like women do.
Some men experience considerable tension between their lives at work and their lives at home.
Some men experience hot flashes or notice growth in breast tissue from taking hormones.
Some men experience urinary incontinence as they age.
Some men express concern.
Some men face prisons.
Some men fail to read the nonverbal cues of the women in their lives.
Some men fall from rim trails.
Some men fall from roofs.
Some men fall from trails.
Some men fall in gardens.
Some men fall into shafts.
Some men fall into that category.
Some men fall on faces.
Some men fall on stomachs.
Some men fall through a trap door.
Some men fall to death.
Some men fear being replaced by more competent women.
Some men fear the power of female attraction in a setting of equality.
Some men fear the treatments for prostate cancer, including surgery.
Some men feed animals.
Some men feed buffalo.
Some men feed cattle.
Some men feed deer.
Some men feed dolphins.
Some men feed ducks.
Some men feed elk.
Some men feed geese.
Some men feed horses.
Some men feed intake.
Some men feed low intake.
Some men feed low zinc intake.
Some men feed pigeons.
Some men feed pigs.
Some men feed rabbits.
Some men feed squirrels.
Some men feed zinc intake.
Some men feel coaches.
Some men feel entitled to engage in multiple extramarital affairs.
Some men feel left out.
Some men feel like they're being shafted.
Some men feel passenger coaches.
Some men feel reindeer.
Some men feel remorse.
Some men feel that a particular female behavior permits a man to force a woman to have sex.
Some men feel that bashing their wives shows that they're real men.
Some men feel that the wedding is something they have to do because they have to.
Some men feel that they are incapable of making a contribution that's worthwhile.
Some men feel very comfortable in a suit the moment they try it on.
Some men feel wounded.
Some men fight for life.
Some men fight impact.
Some men fight the silent battles, till their dying day.
Some men fight the silent battles, Till their dying day.
Some men find a woman's hands and feet are some of the sexiest parts of the body.
Some men find art.
Some men find baby orangutans.
Some men find beasts.
Some men find decisions.
Some men find defenders.
Some men find experience.
Some men find forces.
Some men find girls.
Some men find gold.
Some men find it difficult to have an erection after radical prostatectomy.
Some men find it difficult to share their feelings.
Some men find it hard to make love during pregnancy.
Some men find it helps to prevent hair loss.
Some men find it sexually exciting to have a woman struggle.
Some men find it so comfortable and easy to wear that they wear it every day.
Some men find joy in going over the top in the romance department for the women they care about.
Some men find leaf maple trees.
Some men find merchants.
Some men find methods.
Some men find murder.
Some men find orangutans.
Some men find pleasure in working in the yard or doing something outdoors in nature.
Some men find public defenders.
Some men find sorrow.
Some men find that a condom dulls sensation.
Some men find that a condom reduces the stimulation to the penis.
Some men find that initially the pellet is uncomfortable.
Some men find that the morning after sex, the glans is inflamed.
Some men find that the pellet is initially uncomfortable.
Some men find that they can recover full erections with time.
Some men find that they have gained through improvements in their wives' status.
Some men find that when there is no risk of pregnancy, their libido actually increases.
Some men find the changes in a woman's body very attractive during pregnancy.
Some men find the elastic ring uncomfortable to wear or have difficulty coordinating the process.
Some men find the injection uncomfortable.
Some men find tombs.
Some men find tough decisions.
Some men find trees.
Some men find wives.
Some men find women more attractive when they are bleeding.
Some men find women to be bad drivers, and at the same time, some men find women to be good drivers.
Some men finds that jockey type shorts help support the pouch.
Some men fish.
Some men flee cities.
Some men follow examples.
Some men follow indian trails.
Some men follow rough trails.
Some men follow tracks.
Some men follow trails.
Some men follow workouts.
Some men form corporations.
Some men fret and delay under criticism.
Some men gain great strength.
Some men gain strength.
Some men gather at the courthouse square to discuss the situation.
Some men gather fruit.
Some men gather in the barbershop to discuss sports.
Some men get a great deal from sex.
Some men get a little uptight in the almost exclusive company of women.
Some men get a lump in their scrotum many weeks after the vasectomy.
Some men get abnormalities.
Some men get addicted to the point where they become infatuated and it ruins their families.
Some men get an erection but then lose it.
Some men get better by taking medicines that help the way the bladder or prostate gland work.
Some men get breast cancer.
Some men get cancer.
Some men get children.
Some men get defensive shields.
Some men get fungal infection.
Some men get genital infection.
Some men get grapes.
Some men get holes.
Some men get infection.
Some men get jealous and angry that their partner has been with other men.
Some men get opportunity.
Some men get over sized bases and attach the hairpieces to their real hair with sewn-in clips.
Some men get over their fright in a minute under fire.
Some men get perfect round holes.
Some men get round holes.
Some men get shields.
Some men get sperm abnormalities.
Some men get statues.
Some men get testosterone shot.
Some men give consent.
Some men give gifts to help their mates feel better.
Some men give life.
Some men give their wives their paycheck and retain an allowance for personal expenses.
Some men go about blindly, and all that they do is done blindly and foolishly in unfruitfulness.
Some men go and investigate the shore.
Some men go bald There first, and some Later, as emptiness Creeps up from the eyes.
Some men go into comas.
Some men go into shocks.
Some men go into trances.
Some men go on expedition.
Some men go through a forest and see no firewood.
Some men go through their own set of doubts in middle age.
Some men go to extreme lengths to try to increase the size of their penis.
Some men go to mountains.
Some men go to sea.
Some men grab infants.
Some men grow mad by studying much to know, But who grows mad by studying good to grow.
Some men guard graves.
Some men hate bison.
Some men hate coyotes.
Some Men Hate Each Other to remember their order.
Some men hate geese.
Some men hate hornets.
Some men hate it, but come with friends anyway.
Some men have a definitely square jawbone.
Some men have a genetic tendency towards higher readings.
Some men have a lot of hair and a big beard , and some have very little .
Some men have a lot of hair and a big beard, and some have very little.
Some men have a lot of hair and a big mustache , and some have very little .
Some men have a lot of hair and a big mustache, and some have very little.
Some men have a slight natural curve in their penis, which is nothing to worry about.
Some men have acid.
Some men have advantage.
Some men have an ability to stay single, and a gift to stay single.
Some men have an edge on selection because of their wealth, political power or prominence.
Some men have an enlarged testicle.
Some men have arthropods.
Some men have attacks.
Some men have attendants.
Some men have baseball bats.
Some men have bats.
Some men have beauty.
Some men have blockage.
Some men have body mass indexes.
Some men have both for stealing Virginia's bike.
Some men have cancer.
Some men have chestnuts.
Some men have children.
Some men have conscious and unconscious worries that block their ejaculations.
Some men have contests to see how many they can consume at a sitting.
Some men have daughters.
Some men have density.
Some men have destruction.
Some men have diabetes.
Some men have diarrhea.
Some men have difficulty demonstrating love.
Some men have difficulty in adjusting.
Some men have diseases spread by unsanitary conditions.
Some men have distinction.
Some men have drinks.
Some men have early stages.
Some men have expectancy.
Some men have experiences similar to some women.
Some men have eyes and see.
Some men have falcons.
Some men have fatal attacks.
Some men have fatal heart attacks.
Some men have female partners.
Some men have fixtures.
Some men have great bodies, others have good looks.
Some men have guns.
Some men have heart attacks.
Some men have houses.
Some men have indexes.
Some men have injuries.
Some men have it easy.
Some men have many hair follicles on the underside of the penile shaft skin, however.
Some men have many of one class or of all, or many of some and few of others.
Some men have money-power.
Some men have moral obligation.
Some men have more generosity than they are thought to have.
Some men have more integrity drunk, than others have sober.
Some men have more power than other men, depending on class, race, nationality.
Some men have more than one wife and family and are often absent from a particular household.
Some men have multiple female sexual partners.
Some men have multiple partners.
Some men have mutation.
Some men have no photographs of themselves as children.
Some men have no symptoms.
Some men have obligation.
Some men have occasional sexual contact with infected women or men.
Some men have other intersex conditions .
Some men have other intersex conditions.
Some men have pairs.
Some men have partners.
Some men have penises that are longer and while others have penises that shorter.
Some men have percent reductions.
Some men have plenty.
Some men have possibility.
Some men have power.
Some men have problems keeping erections at the beginning of a relationship.
Some men have problems setting records for long-lasting lovemaking.
Some men have problems with getting or maintaining an erection in a new relationship.
Some men have problems with getting or maintaining erections at the beginning of a relationship.
Some men have problems.
Some men have prostate cancer.
Some men have reductions.
Some men have regular check-ups for STIs so that they can have any infection treated quickly.
Some men have roots.
Some men have sexual fantasies many times each day, while others can go for weeks without one.
Some men have sexual partners.
Some men have shoots.
Some men have spectacular failures in a moment of passion they burst into flames, crash, and burn.
Some men have spinal injuries.
Some men have stability.
Some men have stages.
Some men have sticks.
Some men have stock.
Some men have surgery to correct their problem.
Some men have surgery.
Some men have swords.
Some men have symptoms.
Some men have tails.
Some men have tattoos on their arms and chests.
Some men have tattoos.
Some men have technology.
Some men have the foreskin cut off because they want to change how their penis looks .
Some men have the foreskin cut off because they want to change how their penis looks.
Some men have the misconception that women secretly want sex, and that they play hard to get.
Some men have the reputation of being able to turn any venture into gold.
Some men have the same kind of depression that women do.
Some men have the vanity to believe that they live in two worlds, but that is only their vanity.
Some men have their first dollar.
Some men have their partners learn to do the injection.
Some men have their testicles removed as a treatment for prostate cancer.
Some men have to reach the threshold of pain before they can achieve an orgasm.
Some men have tooth roots.
Some men have trouble keeping an erection with a condom on.
Some men have uranium.
Some men have very little control regardless of activity.
Some men have very little control regardless of the sexual activity.
Some men have very little fat, even without watching their diet.
Some men have weapons.
Some men have widows.
Some men have year life expectancy.
Some men have young daughters.
Some men hear dogs.
Some men hear incidents.
Some men hear the word 'No' as an invitation to use force.
Some men help animals.
Some men help cats.
Some men help contests.
Some men help dogs.
Some men help horses.
Some men help problems.
Some men hide crabs.
Some men hide in apartments.
Some men hide in basements.
Some men hide in floor apartments.
Some men hide in second floor apartments.
Some men hold back because they're afraid they'll harm the fetus.
Some men hold bags.
Some men hold clipboards.
Some men hold fifes.
Some men hold gallon waste.
Some men hold guns.
Some men hold large lobsters.
Some men hold lizards.
Some men hold lobsters.
Some men hold onto unrealistic expectations and at times act stupid.
Some men hold reins.
Some men hold spears.
Some men hold staff.
Some men hold steer wheels.
Some men hold sticks.
Some men hold umbrellas.
Some men hold walk sticks.
Some men hold waste.
Some men hold wheels.
Some men hover between raucous celebration and testosterone-laden hostility.
Some men however play act castration fantasies during masturbation, for example.
Some men humiliate their wife's clothes or appearance.
Some men hunt prey.
Some men hunt wild boars.
Some men improve life.
Some men improve quality.
Some men insert nuclei.
Some men interpret nine memos.
Some men introduce concepts.
Some men introduce ideas.
Some men invent a false personality, put on a smile, or a shell of indifference.
Some men invest their time in the amateurs in the hope of a payoff when a kid turns pro.
Some men involve in operations.
Some men involve in poach operations.
Some men join brothers.
Some men join monasteries.
Some men join to escape political punishment, and others to seek adventure.
Some men joke and laugh while they are laying out the dead and seem to think nothing of it.
Some men jump to death.
Some men just are no good at turning on their partners.
Some men just dogs.
Some men just have to worry about playing the game.
Some men just refuse to take it.
Some men just refuse to wear a condom, flat out.
Some men keep bees.
Some men keep cats.
Some men keep deer.
Some men keep dogs.
Some men keep faith.
Some men keep frogs.
Some men keep horses.
Some men keep mammals.
Some men keep mice.
Some men keep rabbits.
Some men keep sexism going, but others are working for women's equality.
Some men keep snails.
Some men kidnap reporters.
Some men kidnap sons.
Some men kidnap tv reporters.
Some men kill alligators.
Some men kill animals.
Some men kill barons.
Some men kill bears.
Some men kill birds.
Some men kill boys.
Some men kill brothers.
Some men kill buffalo.
Some men kill cats.
Some men kill cattle.
Some men kill chickens.
Some men kill children.
Some men kill cousins.
Some men kill dads.
Some men kill deer.
Some men kill ducks.
Some men kill elephants.
Some men kill flightless birds.
Some men kill for pleasure.
Some men kill foxes.
Some men kill friends.
Some men kill goats.
Some men kill horses.
Some men kill in crashes.
Some men kill in fiery crashes.
Some men kill kidnappers.
Some men kill large birds.
Some men kill large flightless birds.
Some men kill lions.
Some men kill mammals.
Some men kill men.
Some men kill monkeys.
Some men kill mothers.
Some men kill own children.
Some men kill parents.
Some men kill pigs.
Some men kill predators.
Some men kill rabbits.
Some men kill red barons.
Some men kill salmon.
Some men kill sheep.
Some men kill snakes.
Some men kill squirrels.
Some men kill their victims in order to protect themselves.
Some men kill troopers.
Some men kill turkeys.
Some men kill vicars.
Some men kill whales.
Some men kill wives.
Some men kill young boys.
Some men know diets.
Some men know differences.
Some men know doctrines.
Some men know how to dress well.
Some men know vegetarian diets.
Some men know, some suspect, some admit, some deny, but all men fear the dark.
Some men lack ability.
Some men lack power.
Some men lack the experience and self-control to pull out in time.
Some men lead expedition.
Some men lead lives of quiet desperation.
Some men lead takeovers.
Some men learn about dinosaurs.
Some men learn to be violent.
Some men leave children.
Some men leave countries.
Some men leave earth.
Some men leave farms.
Some men leave hives.
Some men leave infants.
Some men leave it to their partners to take the responsibility.
Some men leave many children.
Some men leave towns.
Some men lie about their combat service to receive disability compensation.
Some men like to be teased up and down the shaft and some like to be devoured.
Some men like to do it at night.
Some men like to do it in the morning.
Some men like to get straight to the point and simply have sex.
Some men like to have a little stuffed mouse peeping out of a hole.
Some men like to have their prostate massaged during oral sex as well.
Some men live for warlike deeds, Some for women's words.
Some men live in castles.
Some men live in cities.
Some men live in civilisation.
Some men live in hospitals.
Some men live in mental hospitals.
Some men live in palaces.
Some men live in tiny villages.
Some men live in villages.
Some men live out their failed careers via their children.
Some men live to play golf with their sons.
Some men live with mothers.
Some men look at bomb explosions.
Some men look at explosions.
Some men look for wives.
Some men look good with moustaches.
Some men look good with mustaches.
Some men look like jellyfish.
Some men lose authority.
Some men lose characteristics.
Some men lose fingers.
Some men lose fortune.
Some men lose freedom.
Some men lose hands.
Some men lose mothers.
Some men lose senses.
Some men lose sight.
Some men lose spiritual authority.
Some men lose their hair.
Some men lose their temper on only the first tee.
Some men love a woman with an ample derriere.
Some men love animals.
Some men love cats.
Some men love cattle.
Some men love crabs.
Some men love eagles.
Some men love fish.
Some men love foreign missions.
Some men love hamsters.
Some men love husbands.
Some men love jobs.
Some men love missions.
Some men love rabbits.
Some men love sheep.
Some men love the darkness.
Some men love their partner.
Some men love women.
Some men make activities.
Some men make art.
Some men make babies.
Some men make canals.
Some men make causes.
Some men make chemicals.
Some men make contributions.
Some men make development activities.
Some men make disasters.
Some men make emergencies.
Some men make emissions.
Some men make equipment.
Some men make facts.
Some men make fire.
Some men make fortune.
Some men make gods of themselves.
Some men make great money and get pleasure out of spending it on a woman.
Some men make holes.
Some men make machines.
Some men make natural disasters.
Some men make progress.
Some men make sculpture.
Some men make slaves.
Some men make slow progress.
Some men make the whole experience a lot more difficult than it really is.
Some men make truth.
Some men make weapons.
Some men make women.
Some men marry poor girls to settle down, and others marry rich ones to settle up.
Some men marry sisters.
Some men marry widows.
Some men marry wives.
Some men meet fate.
Some men meet ghosts.
Some men meet their first challenge with weight gain just as they're reaching middle age.
Some men miss out on that training and try their darndest to learn it on their own.
Some men monitor patients.
Some men move cattle.
Some men move horses.
Some men move pigs.
Some men move pots.
Some men murder old sons.
Some men named after their fathers seem to have an extra cosmic burden.
Some men never change their opinion because it's been in the family for generations.
Some men never change.
Some men never develop symptoms.
Some men never do.
Some men never get to feel that way about anything.
Some men never give it.
Some men never seem to grow old.
Some men note symptom relief after a course of antibiotics.
Some men notice a decrease in the amount of fluid on ejaculation.
Some men notice numbness at the head of the penis.
Some men now wear braids.
Some men object to it.
Some men object to using condoms.
Some men obsess about constantly improving there living structure.
Some men offer homes.
Some men offer rice.
Some men offer their arms instead because their hands are dirt-covered from work in the fields.
Some men only discover that they are diabetic when they seek treatment for their impotence.
Some men only understand one sort, and some only the other.
Some men only wear a kippah when saying a blessing, when praying, when studying, etc.
Some men openly demonstrate their appraisal of women in ways that many women find offensive.
Some men opt for a combination of different therapies.
Some men opt to begin their leave where their wives' leaves off.
Some men organize companies.
Some men own bears.
Some men own bees.
Some men own birds.
Some men own cats.
Some men own cattle.
Some men own chickens.
Some men own ducks.
Some men own fish.
Some men own geese.
Some men own goats.
Some men own hamsters.
Some men own hares.
Some men own horses.
Some men own livestock.
Some men own lizards.
Some men own mammals.
Some men own mice.
Some men own monkeys.
Some men own pigs.
Some men own properties.
Some men own rabbits.
Some men own rats.
Some men own sheep.
Some men own snails.
Some men own turkeys.
Some men own turtles.
Some men participate in experiments.
Some men pass at ages.
Some men pass through only because it was court-ordered.
Some men pick up babies.
Some men pick up blankets.
Some men pick up umbrellas.
Some men plan to have sex with a woman even if they have to force the issue.
Some men play american footballs.
Some men play basketball.
Some men play footballs.
Some men play professional american footballs.
Some men play professional basketball.
Some men play professional footballs.
Some men play up to the crowd, blowing kisses or even stopping to show off with a pushup or two.
Some men play women to have netsex with men.
Some men point out men.
Some men point out strong men.
Some men possess animals.
Some men possess bulls.
Some men possess camels.
Some men possess cattle.
Some men possess chickens.
Some men possess cows.
Some men possess deer.
Some men possess degrees.
Some men possess goats.
Some men possess horses.
Some men possess lions.
Some men possess oysters.
Some men possess parrots.
Some men possess sheep.
Some men possess skills.
Some men possess snakes.
Some men post photos.
Some men post pictures.
Some men praise the column and cite their own female mentors.
Some men prefer football.
Some men prefer no underwear at all.
Some men prepare for combat.
Some men produce honey.
Some men produce results.
Some men protect deer.
Some men provide care.
Some men provide readers.
Some men provide samples.
Some men provide semen samples.
Some men provide vet care.
Some men publish in journals.
Some men pull legs.
Some men pull snakes.
Some men pull string.
Some men pump both testicles and penis at the same time.
Some men pump water.
Some men pursue a paternity test to find out.
Some men push a stalled car down the street.
Some men push and struggle with each other.
Some men quit jobs.
Some men quit their job, go back to school, change careers, or decide to sail around the world.
Some men raise animals.
Some men raise bees.
Some men raise birds.
Some men raise bison.
Some men raise camels.
Some men raise cats.
Some men raise cattle.
Some men raise chickens.
Some men raise deer.
Some men raise ducks.
Some men raise horses.
Some men raise monkeys.
Some men raise own sons.
Some men raise parrots.
Some men raise pigeons.
Some men raise pigs.
Some men raise rabbits.
Some men raise sheep.
Some men raise snakes.
Some men raise sons.
Some men raise turkeys.
Some men rape because they are under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
Some men rape white women.
Some men rape women.
Some men reach for their gun and count bullets, just for good measure.
Some men react all wrong to a wife who is growing spiritually.
Some men really like it to hurt and preferred a spike heel.
Some men really look great out of uniform.
Some men recall representations.
Some men receive advance degrees.
Some men receive bonuses in addition to their net pay.
Some men receive degrees.
Some men receive domestic violence.
Some men receive hormones.
Some men receive therapy.
Some men receive violence.
Some men recognize dreams.
Some men recover the ability to ejaculate without treatment.
Some men redecorate the bedroom and plan some of the purchases for the new baby.
Some men reduce calorie intake.
Some men reduce daily calorie intake.
Some men reduce daily intake.
Some men reduce intake.
Some men refer to their male friends or colleagues as the lads.
Some men refuse to be left out of anything.
Some men refuse to use or facilitate women's use of contraception.
Some men regard their overweight condition as a form of self-acceptance.
Some men release animals.
Some men remain boys all their lives.
Some men remain foolish all their life long.
Some men remember loading as much as twelve of fifteen tons of coal a day.
Some men report a sensation of tingling or itching inside their penis.
Some men report alcohol intake.
Some men report being attracted to brattiness in women.
Some men report being stripped naked to check for tattoos.
Some men report dead raccoons.
Some men report goals.
Some men report intake.
Some men report lower intake.
Some men report potassium intake.
Some men report raccoons.
Some men report side effects such as headache, flushing and indigestion.
Some men report that the injections cause urethral pain and burning.
Some men report that they are able to achieve what amounts to an orgasm without ejaculation.
Some men report to have multiple orgasms before having a refractory period.
Some men represent teams.
Some men request permission.
Some men require additional hair in the crown, and possibly the mid-scalp as well.
Some men require blood transfusions.
Some men require surgery to restore sexual function.
Some men require transfusions.
Some men resemble animals.
Some men respond to art.
Some men respond to local nitroglycerine on the penis, but others get headaches or faint.
Some men retain status.
Some men return to cities.
Some men return to dust.
Some men return to lakes.
Some men return to sources.
Some men return to states.
Some men return to villages.
Some men ride camels.
Some men ride cattle.
Some men ride cows.
Some men ride elephants.
Some men ride horses.
Some men ride on such space, others have to fasten themselves like a tent stake to survive.
Some men risk life.
Some men rob whole countries dry and still get called their friend.
Some men rock when they pray aloud, for they pray with their whole body.
Some men row to the island.
Some men row very hard, and yet their boat makes no headway.
Some men run gang.
Some men run sports.
Some men run winter hill gang.
Some men save life.
Some men say also that the natural condoms allow for more sensitivity.
Some men say it's even better.
Some men say Mendi people very happy because they laugh and have plenty to eat.
Some men say Mendi people very happy, because they laugh and have plenty to eat.
Some men say that having their testicles stroked as they come heightens the sensation.
Some men say the problem is most noticeable when they have been standing for a prolonged period.
Some men say their pain diminishes when they lie down.
Some men say they enjoy the 'pressure' that cock rings afford.
Some men say they received a kilo of beans and a kilo of cornmeal for their vasectomies.
Some men search for answers.
Some men search for sheep.
Some men see brothers.
Some men see chipmunks.
Some men see dead chipmunks.
Some men see shops.
Some men see the world as it is and ask why.
Some men see things as they are and ask why.
Some men see things as they are and say why .
Some men see things as they are and say why.
Some men see things as they are and say, 'why'.
Some men see things as they are and say,why.
Some men see things that are and ask why .
Some men see trains.
Some men seek art.
Some men seek birds.
Some men seek crabs.
Some men seek death.
Some men seek mammals.
Some men seek rabbits.
Some men seek rats.
Some men seem naturally more likely to respond to emotional pressure with aggression than others.
Some men seem to instinctively know how to grip a tennis racket or play the piano.
Some men seem to like it.
Some men seem to regard life as a talk show on which they are the star guest.
Some men seem to think that they have a right to make comments about women's appearance.
Some men seem to walk in red-tinged shadows, and others to emanate a fiery orange light.
Some men seize rabbits.
Some men select dogs.
Some men sell beef.
Some men sell bees.
Some men sell bulls.
Some men sell caribou.
Some men sell cattle.
Some men sell chickens.
Some men sell dogs.
Some men sell pigs.
Some men sell rabbits.
Some men sell sheep.
Some men sell shells.
Some men serve as guards.
Some men serve as hosts.
Some men serve as mentors for younger men or lend a hand in disaster relief and other such projects.
Some men serve as witnesses.
Some men serve citizens.
Some men serve on faculty.
Some men shake heads.
Some men share fate.
Some men share oysters.
Some men shave the hair on their faces.
Some men shave their beard and leave some hair on the chin alone.
Some men shave their heads as soon as they start losing their hair.
Some men shave their pubic hair a bit, or a lot, to reveal more of their genitals.
Some men shoot animals.
Some men shoot bison.
Some men shoot caribou.
Some men shoot chickens.
Some men shoot coyotes.
Some men shoot deer.
Some men shoot dogs.
Some men shoot ducks.
Some men shoot elephants.
Some men shoot elk.
Some men shoot intruders.
Some men shoot lions.
Some men shoot mammals.
Some men shoot pheasants.
Some men shoot pigs.
Some men shoot pythons.
Some men shoot rabbits.
Some men shoot sons.
Some men shoot squirrels.
Some men shoot to death.
Some men shoot wolves.
Some men show evidence.
Some men show factors.
Some men show growth.
Some men show high growth.
Some men show photographs.
Some men show values.
